Royals - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus lined out to second . Aviles doubled to deep right center . Gordon grounded out to second , Aviles to third . Guillen singled to left center , Aviles scored . Grudzielanek struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to second . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck doubled to deep left . Gload flied out to right , Buck to third . Gathright grounded out to catcher . Hochevar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Jackson flied out to left . Tracy flied out to center . Reynolds singled to right center . Montero doubled to right , Reynolds scored . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus singled to center . Aviles doubled to left , DeJesus scored , Aviles to third on throwing error by shortstop Drew . Gordon grounded out to second , Aviles scored . Guillen reached on infield single to catcher . Grudzielanek safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds , Guillen scored . Buck flied out to center . Gload grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Ra Johnson struck out swinging . Young flied out to left . Drew safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aviles . Hudson singled to center , Drew to third . Jackson singled to left , Drew scored , Hudson to second . Tracy flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gathright bunt grounded out to catcher . Hochevar struck out looking . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero fouled out to third . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Aviles singled to left . Gordon singled to right , Aviles to third . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aviles scored , Gordon out at second . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen to second . Buck homered to right , Guillen and Grudzielanek scored . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . Salazar in right field . Gload singled to right . Gathright struck out swinging . Hochevar struck out looking . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Salazar singled to right . Young grounded into double play , third to second to first , Salazar out at second . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks . DeJesus homered to right . Aviles homered to left . Gordon flied out to left . Guillen flied out to center . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Hudson doubled to deep left . Jackson singled to left , Hudson to third . Tracy flied out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke at third base . Buck flied out to center . Gload singled to center . Gathright reached on infield single to first , Gload to second . Hochevar sacrificed to first , Gload to third , Gathright to second . Gload scored , Gathright to third on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez . DeJesus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Aviles at second base . Pena at shortstop . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Burke singled to center . Salazar struck out swinging . Young singled to left , Burke to second . Drew flied out to center . Hudson singled to right , Burke scored , Young to third . Jackson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Aviles flied out to center . Gordon doubled to left . German hit for Guillen . German doubled to left , Gordon scored . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . DeJesus in right field . German in left field . Fulchino pitching for Royals . Tracy grounded out to first . Ojeda hit for Ed Gonzalez . Ojeda grounded out to second . Montero popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at third base . Burke at second base . Gload flied out to center . Gathright struck out swinging . Callaspo hit for Fulchino . Callaspo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Rosa pitching for Royals . Burke lined out to shortstop . Salazar struck out looking . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 12 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Lowly Royals spank Johnson , D - backs in easy win