Dodgers - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp singled to left . Ethier doubled to deep right , Kemp scored . Martin doubled to first , Ethier scored . Kent walked . Garciaparra singled to left , Martin to third , Kent to second , Martin scored , Kent to third on error by left fielder Jackson . N Garciaparra to second on throwing error by left fielder Jack . Loney grounded into fielder 's choice double play , third to catcher to first , Kent out at home , Loney out at first . Jones struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 3 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Drew grounded out to second . Jackson singled to center . Hudson singled to left , Jackson to second . Tracy singled to center , Jackson scored , Hudson to third . Reynolds singled to left , Hudson scored , Tracy to second . Montero singled to center , Tracy to third , Reynolds to second , Tracy scored , Reynolds to third on error by center fielder Jones . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reynolds scored , Montero out at second . Romero walked , Young to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Romero out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . DeWitt grounded out to first . Kuroda grounded out to shortstop . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Drew grounded out to pitcher . Jackson singled to right . Hudson singled to left center , Jackson to third . Jackson scored , Hudson to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Tracy doubled to deep center , Hudson scored . Reynolds grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier batting . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra homered to left . Loney grounded out to pitcher . Young struck out swinging . DeWitt flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Owings hit for Petit . Johnson pitching for Dodgers . Owings singled to right . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Drew flied out to left . Jackson walked , Owings to second . Hudson walked , Owings to third , Jackson to second . Tracy flied out to left . Falkenborg pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Kuo hit for Falkenborg . Kuo grounded out to pitcher . Kemp homered to left . Ethier hit ground rule double to deep center . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at third base . Martin grounded out to first , Ethier to third . Kent lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Montero struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . Romero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra grounded out to second . Loney flied out to right . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Ojeda grounded out to second . Drew singled to center . Jackson walked , Drew to second . Hudson struck out swinging . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche hit for Kuo . LaRoche flied out to center . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Park pitching for Dodgers . Clark hit for Lyon . Clark struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to pitcher . Young singled to left . Romero singled to right , Young to third . Ojeda grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 10th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier flied out to left . Martin singled to left center . Kent flied out to right . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Drew popped out to shortstop . Jackson singled to right . Hudson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 11th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney homered to right . Young grounded out to shortstop . DeWitt singled to left . Berroa hit for Wade . Robertson pitching for Diamondbacks . Burke at second base . Berroa hit by pitch , DeWitt to second . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Maza at second base . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Berroa at shortstop . Tracy flied out to left . Burke struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Loney 's homer in 11th seals Dodgers ' rally for win