Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Drew lined out to left . Young struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Gerut homered to right . Rodriguez singled to center . Giles struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Kouzmanoff hit sacrifice fly to center , Rodriguez scored . Headley popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Jackson fouled out to catcher . Tracy doubled to deep right . Reynolds doubled to deep left , Tracy scored . Snyder struck out swinging . Romero lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Bard popped out to second . Greene grounded out to third . Baek grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Haren reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew flied out to center . Young doubled to deep left center , Haren to third . Hudson grounded out to first . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Gerut fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez flied out to right . Giles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Tracy flied out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to right . Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez to second . Headley popped out to shortstop . Bard singled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Kouzmanoff to third . Greene grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bard out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Romero doubled to deep left , Romero to third on throwing error by left fielder Headley . Haren grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Romero scored , Haren to second on error by catcher Bard . Drew struck out swinging . Young doubled to deep left , Haren scored . Hudson walked . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Young to third , Hudson to second . Tracy singled to right , Young and Hudson scored , Jackson to third . Meredith pitching for Padres . Reynolds grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hairston hit for Meredith . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston struck out swinging . Gerut singled to center . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Gerut to second . Giles lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Snyder walked . Romero lined out to left . Haren bunted into double play , third to shortstop to second , Snyder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Drew singled to center . Young popped out to second . Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop , Drew to second . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Diamondbacks . Bard lined out to center . Greene struck out swinging . Myrow hit for Hampson . Myrow struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodriguez at shortstop . Gonzalez at second base . Corey pitching for Padres . Tracy lined out to center . Reynolds homered to center . Snyder homered to left . Romero struck out swinging . D'Antona hit for Haren . D'Antona flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Gerut struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to left . Giles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Drew grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . Hudson singled to center . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Padres 3 .	\nHaren earns 11th win as D - backs top Pads\n