Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Drew singled to left . Young struck out swinging . Jackson doubled to deep right center , Drew scored . Dunn flied out to right . Upton grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to left . Lopez singled to center , Schumaker to third . Lopez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Pujols walked . Schumaker scored , Pujols to second on balk by Webb . Ludwick struck out swinging . Glaus flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds doubled to left . Snyder struck out swinging . Eckstein walked . Webb sacrificed to pitcher , Reynolds to third , Eckstein to second . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles singled to center . Miles stole second . Johnson grounded out to second , Miles to third . Wellemeyer struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to center . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . Dunn walked . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker grounded out to second . Lopez singled to center . Pujols grounded out to catcher , Lopez to second . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder walked . Eckstein singled to center , Snyder to second . Webb grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eckstein out at second , Snyder to third . Drew doubled to deep right center , Snyder scored , Webb thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Glaus grounded out to third . Miles safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Johnson flied out to right . Wellemeyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Young struck out swinging . Jackson singled to left . Dunn walked , Jackson to second . Upton singled to left , Jackson to third , Dunn to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Schumaker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . Lopez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to third . Webb flied out to center . Drew homered to right . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols walked . Ludwick struck out swinging . Glaus grounded out to third , Pujols to second . Miles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Dunn struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Kennedy hit for Kinney . Kennedy singled to right . Izturis singled to center , Kennedy to third . Schumaker grounded out to second , Kennedy scored , Izturis to second . Lopez singled to center , Izturis to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds walked . Snyder sacrificed to pitcher , Reynolds to second . Eckstein grounded out to second , Reynolds to third . Tracy hit for Webb . Tracy doubled to right center , Reynolds scored . Ojeda ran for Tracy . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Drew walked . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Young popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at third base . Ludwick singled to right . Glaus doubled to center , Ludwick to third . Miles lined into double play , second to shortstop , Glaus doubled off second . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Jackson flied out to center . Dunn grounded out to second . Upton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Romero in right field . Barton hit for Thompson . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Izturis stole second . Schumaker grounded out to first , Izturis to third . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Cardinals 2 .	Webb wins 22nd ; D - backs closer in West