Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Drew popped out to shortstop . Young grounded out to shortstop . Jackson singled to center . Dunn fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to center . Schumaker to second on passed ball by Snyder . Miles walked . Stavinoha fouled out to first . Lopez struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to left , Schumaker thrown out at home , Miles to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Tracy doubled to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder struck out looking . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Phelps singled to center . Johnson walked , Phelps to second . Wainwright sacrificed to third , Phelps to third , Johnson to second , Wainwright safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Scherzer . Johnson and Phelps scored on throwing error by pitche . Izturis bunt popped out foul to catcher . Schumaker singled to center , Wainwright to third . Miles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Scherzer walked . Drew doubled to right , Scherzer to third . Young singled to left , Scherzer scored , Drew to third . Jackson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Drew scored , Young out at second . Dunn walked . Tracy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Stavinoha flied out to right . Lopez struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Snyder grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Phelps safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Johnson singled to center , Phelps to third . Wainwright struck out swinging . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to left , Phelps scored . Schumaker flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Scherzer flied out to center . Drew singled to right . Young flied out to center . Jackson singled to center , Drew to second . Drew to third , Jackson to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Dunn walked . Tracy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles singled to left . Stavinoha grounded out to second , Miles to second . Lopez flied out to center , Miles to third . Kennedy singled to center , Miles scored . Phelps struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds walked . Snyder flied out to left . Eckstein flied out to left . Whitesell hit for Scherzer . Whitesell hit by pitch , Reynolds to second . Drew walked , Reynolds to third , Whitesell to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Wainwright struck out swinging . Izturis singled to right . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schumaker batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Jackson singled to left . Villone pitching for Cardinals . Dunn struck out swinging . Clark hit for Tracy . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Clark struck out swinging . Reynolds fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Clark at first base . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker walked . Miles sacrificed to pitcher , Schumaker to second . Stavinoha grounded out to shortstop , Schumaker to third . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick in left field . Snyder fouled out to catcher . Montero hit for Eckstein . Montero struck out swinging . Upton hit for Cruz . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ojeda at second base . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy flied out to center . Phelps flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Pujols at first base . LaRue catching . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Drew hit ground rule double to deep right . Young fouled out to catcher . Jackson grounded out to third . Dunn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Cardinals 4 .	D - backs lose again , fall further behind Dodgers