Brewers - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Weeks struck out swinging . Cameron doubled to deep left . Braun struck out swinging , Braun safe at first on wild pitch by Marquis , Cameron to third . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to left , Cameron scored . Hart reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun to second . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Theriot fouled out to right . Lee walked . Ramirez walked , Lee to second . Fukudome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Hardy singled to right . Sheets sacrificed to pitcher , Hardy to second . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Weeks flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . DeRosa singled to right center . Soto singled to center , DeRosa to second . Pie walked , DeRosa to third , Soto to second . Marquis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeRosa scored , Pie out at second , Soto to third . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to right , Soto scored . Theriot flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Cameron reached on infield single to shortstop . Braun doubled to deep right , Cameron to third . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right , Cameron scored , Braun to third . Hart tripled to deep right center , Braun scored . Hall singled to center , Hart scored . Hardy flied out to right . Sheets grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Lee homered to center . Ramirez walked . Fukudome grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . DeRosa safe at first on error by third baseman Hall , Fukudome to second . Soto walked , Fukudome to third , DeRosa to second . Pie hit sacrifice fly to left , Fukudome scored . Marquis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Kendall flied out to right . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Cameron grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Johnson grounded out to third . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Braun reached on bunt single to third . Fielder lined into double play , third to first , Braun doubled off first . Hart doubled to deep right . Hall singled to center , Hart scored , Hall to second on error by first baseman Lee . Hardy intentionally walked . Sheets popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Sheets pitching for Brewers . Ramirez walked . Fukudome flied out to left . DeRosa walked , Ramirez to second . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeRosa out at second , Ramirez to third . Pie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Johnson in center field . DeRosa in left field . Hart pitching for Cubs . Fontenot at second base . Kendall singled to left center . Weeks singled to left , Kendall to second . Cameron walked , Kendall to third , Weeks to second . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall scored , Cameron out at second , Weeks to third . Fielder grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Braun out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Riske pitching for Brewers . Fontenot singled to right . Johnson flied out to center . Theriot singled to right , Fontenot to second . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Theriot out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Hart pitching for Cubs . Hart struck out looking . Hall singled to left center . Hardy singled to left , Hall to second . Gwynn hit for Riske . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Gwynn walked , Hall to third , Hardy to second . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Kendall walked , Hall scored , Hardy to third , Gwynn to second . Weeks lined out to shortstop . Cameron singled to right , Hardy and Gwynn scored , Kendall to third . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Ramirez struck out looking . Fukudome reached on infield single to shortstop . DeRosa singled to center , Fukudome to second . Soto flied out to center . Murton hit for Wuertz . Murton walked , Fukudome to third , DeRosa to second . Fontenot doubled to deep right center , Fukudome , DeRosa and Murton scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Lieber pitching for Cubs . Fielder doubled to deep left . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Hardy singled to center , Fielder scored . Counsell hit for Torres . Counsell popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Brewers . Theriot flied out to right . Lee struck out looking . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez to second on fielder 's indifference . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Lieber pitching for Cubs . Kendall fouled out to right . Weeks grounded out to third . Cameron fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Gagne pitching for Brewers . DeRosa grounded out to pitcher . Soto doubled to deep left . Ward hit for Lieber . Ward struck out swinging . Fontenot walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soto out at third , Fontenot to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 10 - Cubs 7 .	Cameron , Brewers rip Cubs