Brewers - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Dillon walked . Kapler singled to left , Dillon to second . Braun singled to center , Dillon scored , Kapler thrown out at third , Braun to second advancing on throw . Fielder walked . Hart flied out to center . Hall singled to shallow center , Braun scored , Fielder to second . Hardy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher . Smith singled to right . Helton flied out to center . Atkins walked , Smith to second . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Kendall grounded out to third . Suppan grounded out to shortstop . Dillon walked . Dillon stole second . Kapler singled to left , Dillon scored . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Iannetta walked . Stewart walked , Iannetta to second . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stewart out at second , Iannetta to third . Francis singled to right , Iannetta scored , Quintanilla to second . Podsednik walked , Quintanilla to third , Francis to second . Smith lined out to shortstop . Helton flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Fielder struck out swinging . Hart grounded out to first . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe lined out to shortstop . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Hardy grounded out to first . Kendall lined out to second . Suppan walked . Dillon doubled to left center , Suppan to third . Kapler popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Stewart struck out looking . Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop . Francis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Braun flied out to left . Fielder struck out swinging . Hart doubled to left . Hall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Podsednik struck out swinging . Smith walked . Helton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Hardy flied out to left . Kendall singled to left . Suppan grounded out to first , Kendall to second . Dillon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Atkins doubled to left . Hawpe popped out to shortstop . Atkins to third on passed ball by Kendall . Iannetta singled to left , Atkins scored . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Stewart grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kapler struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Fielder singled to center . Hart reached on infield single to second , Fielder to second . Hall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Quintanilla grounded out to first . Baker hit for Speier . Baker singled to center . Cook ran for Baker . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cook safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Dillon . Smith walked , Cook to third , Podsednik to second . Helton struck out looking . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Rockies . Hardy bunt grounded out to pitcher . Kendall flied out to right . Branyan hit for Villanueva . Branyan walked . Dillon walked , Branyan to second . Kapler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Counsell at second base . Hawpe singled to left , Hawpe to second on error by center fielder Kapler . Iannetta flied out to right , Hawpe to third . Spilborghs hit for Stewart . Torres pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs hit for Stewart . Torres pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs walked . Spilborghs hit for Stewart . Torres pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs hit for Stewart . Torres pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs walked . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hawpe out at home , Spilborghs to second . Herrera hit for Vizcaino . Herrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Herrera at second base . Braun singled to shallow center . Fielder singled to shallow center , Braun to second . Hart bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Braun out at third , Fielder to second . Hall fouled out to catcher . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at third , Hart to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Podsednik grounded out to second . Smith flied out to right . Helton lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Rockies 2 .	Francis loses again as Rockies fall to Brewers