Brewers - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks struck out looking . Hardy hit ground rule double to deep left . Hart struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Parra pitching for Brewers . Drew flied out to left . Upton struck out looking . Hudson singled to center . Jackson singled to right center , Hudson to third . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan walked . Kapler singled to left , Branyan to second . Cameron hit by pitch , Branyan to third , Kapler to second . Branyan scored , Kapler to third , Cameron to second on wild pitch by Webb . Kendall grounded out to third , Kapler scored , Cameron to third . Parra grounded into double play , pitcher to third to second to third to second to third to second , Cameron out at home , Parra out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Parra pitching for Brewers . Young safe at first on error by third baseman Branyan . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . Burke grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hammock out at second . Webb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks struck out swinging . Hardy homered to left . Hart singled to center . Fielder flied out to left . Branyan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Parra pitching for Brewers . Drew struck out swinging . Upton flied out to right . Hudson walked . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Kapler grounded out to pitcher . Cameron flied out to left . Kendall singled to center . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Reynolds walked . Young singled to left , Reynolds to second . Hammock struck out looking . Burke grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks flied out to center . Hardy doubled to deep right . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Webb singled to center . Drew walked , Webb to second . Upton flied out to center . Hudson struck out swinging . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drew out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan singled to right . Kapler struck out swinging . Branyan stole second . Cameron homered to left , Branyan scored . Kendall reached on infield single to second . Kendall stole second . Parra walked . Weeks flied out to center . Hardy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to center . Hammock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Hart doubled to deep right . Fielder grounded out to second , Hart to third . Branyan struck out swinging . Kapler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Stetter pitching for Brewers . Burke singled to center . Ojeda hit for Cruz . Ojeda walked , Burke to second . Drew fouled out to first . Upton struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Robertson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at shortstop . Cameron lined out to shortstop . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Counsell hit for Stetter . Counsell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gagne pitching for Brewers . Jackson flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks fouled out to first . Hardy singled to right . Hart singled to left , Hardy to second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop , Hardy to third , Hart to second . Branyan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Mota pitching for Brewers . Hammock reached on infield single to shortstop . Burke walked , Hammock to second . Ojeda reached on infield single to second , Hammock to third , Burke to second . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Tracy hit for Rosales . Tracy doubled to deep center , Hammock , Burke and Ojeda scored . Torres pitching for Brewers . Upton singled to right center , Tracy to third . Hudson doubled to deep left , Tracy scored , Upton to third . Jackson singled to center , Upton and Hudson scored . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	D - backs rally from 5 - run 9th - inning deficit to win