Brewers - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Cameron struck out swinging . Counsell lined out to right . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . McClung pitching for Brewers . Hairston hit by pitch . Keppinger walked , Hairston to second . Votto flied out to left . Phillips grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Fielder homered to center . Hardy reached on infield single to third . Hart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hardy out at second . Weeks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . McClung pitching for Brewers . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . Patterson struck out swinging . Richar reached on bunt single to third . Hanigan walked , Richar to second . Richar to third , Hanigan to second on wild pitch by McClung . Arroyo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Kendall struck out swinging . McClung struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . McClung pitching for Brewers . Hairston popped out to second . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Votto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Counsell singled to center . Braun singled to left , Counsell to second . Fielder doubled to deep right , Counsell and Braun scored . Hardy sacrificed to pitcher , Fielder to third . Hart hit sacrifice fly to left , Fielder scored . Weeks lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . McClung pitching for Brewers . Phillips singled to left . Cabrera walked , Phillips to second . Patterson walked , Phillips to third , Cabrera to second . Richar grounded out to shortstop , Phillips scored , Cabrera to third , Patterson to second . Hanigan hit by pitch . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Arroyo struck out swinging . Hairston struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Kendall singled to center . Dillon hit for Coffey . Dillon walked , Kendall to second . Cameron struck out swinging . Counsell walked , Kendall to third , Dillon to second . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall scored , Counsell out at second , Dillon to third , Dillon scored , Braun to second   on throwing error by second baseman Richar . Fielder intentionally walked . Hardy popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 5th . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Keppinger singled to center . Votto grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Keppinger out at second . Phillips walked . Phillips to second on wild pitch by Villanueva . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Hart flied out to right . Weeks struck out swinging . Kendall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Richar doubled to deep center . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . Castillo hit for Arroyo . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Herrera pitching for Reds . Escobar hit for Villanueva . Escobar grounded out to second . Cameron hit by pitch . Counsell hit by pitch , Cameron to second . Braun grounded out to pitcher , Cameron to third , Counsell to second . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Gagne pitching for Brewers . Hairston flied out to center . Keppinger lined out to center . Votto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Majewski pitching for Reds . Hardy doubled to left , Hardy to third on error by left fielder Cabrera . Hart hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored . Weeks struck out looking . Kendall singled to right . Hall hit for Gagne . Hall reached on infield single to third , Kendall to second . Cameron struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 8th . Counsell at second base . Mota pitching for Brewers . Hall at third base . Phillips lined out to center . Cabrera grounded out to first . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Pettyjohn pitching for Reds . Counsell lined out to right . Braun doubled to deep left . Fielder grounded out to first , Braun to third . Hardy singled to right , Braun scored . Hart flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Richar grounded out to second . Hanigan singled to center . Valentin hit for Pettyjohn . Valentin struck out looking . Hairston walked , Hanigan to second . Keppinger fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Reds 1 .	Brewers top Reds to boost playoff hopes