Indians - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Brantley singled to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Brantley to third. Choo singled to right, Brantley and Cabrera scored. Santana struck out swinging, Choo stole second. Hafner grounded out to first, Choo to third. Duncan singled to right, Choo scored. Kotchman singled to right, Duncan to second. Kipnis tripled to deep center, Duncan and Kotchman scored. Hannahan singled to center, Kipnis scored. Hannahan to second on wild pitch by Hochevar. Brantley doubled to deep right, Hannahan scored. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Indians. Dyson singled to right. Francoeur singled to left, Dyson to second. Hosmer singled to right, Dyson scored, Francoeur to second. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second, Francoeur to third. Gordon struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Choo walked. Santana grounded out to first, Choo to second. Hafner flied out to right, Choo to third. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Betancourt flied out to left. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Kotchman lined out to right. Kipnis struck out looking. Hannahan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Escobar struck out looking. Dyson grounded out to second. Francoeur flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. Choo singled to center. Santana lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Hosmer fouled out to catcher. Butler doubled to left. Gordon singled to center, Butler scored. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gordon out at second. Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Lowe. Moustakas doubled to deep right center, Betancourt scored. Quintero popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Hafner struck out looking. Duncan walked. Kotchman grounded out to first, Duncan to second. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Dyson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Hannahan flied out to left. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Hosmer flied out to center. Butler grounded out to third. Gordon singled to left. Betancourt reached on infield single to third, Gordon to second. Moustakas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Choo struck out looking. Santana singled to left. Hafner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Quintero flied out to center. Escobar singled to center. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. Francoeur singled to right, Dyson to third. Sipp pitching for Indians. Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Sipp. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Duncan popped out to second. Kotchman grounded out to third. Kipnis safe at first on error by second baseman Betancourt. Kipnis stole second. Hannahan walked. Brantley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Cunningham in left field. Smith pitching for Indians. Butler struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Betancourt singled to left, Gordon to second. Moustakas grounded into double play, second to first, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Cabrera homered to center (421 feet). Choo struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Hafner flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Maier hit for Quintero. Maier struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Dyson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 8 - Royals 3.	Indians start fast to spoil Royals' home opener