Mariners - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Ackley singled to center. Saunders singled to right, Ackley to third. Saunders to second on wild pitch by Jimenez. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Ackley scored. Montero struck out swinging. Seager flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Choo singled to right center. Kipnis singled to right, Choo to second. Cabrera hit by pitch, Choo to third, Kipnis to second. Choo scored, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second on passed ball by Montero. Hafner grounded out to second, Kipnis scored, Cabrera to third. Santana walked. Brantley struck out swinging. Santana stole second, Cabrera scored, Santana safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero, Santana scored on throwing error by left fielder Figgins. Damon walked. Kotchman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Smoak struck out swinging. Liddi flied out to center. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Lopez singled to center. Choo struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to pitcher, Lopez to second. Cabrera singled to left, Lopez to third. Hafner fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Ryan walked. Ackley homered to right (345 feet), Ryan scored. Saunders walked. Saunders stole second. Suzuki lined out to left. Montero popped into double play, first to shortstop, Saunders doubled off second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Brantley doubled to deep right. Damon walked. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Seager grounded out to second. Smoak grounded out to third. Liddi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded out to third. Choo singled to center. Choo to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Kipnis doubled to deep left, Choo scored. Cabrera grounded out to second, Kipnis to third. Hafner doubled to deep right center, Kipnis scored. Santana doubled to deep center, Hafner scored. Brantley singled to center, Santana scored. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Damon singled to center, Damon out at second, Brantley to third. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Figgins flied out to right. Ryan grounded out to third. Ackley singled to left. Saunders singled to right, Ackley to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Kotchman walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Choo doubled to left, Kotchman to third. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Montero struck out looking. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Smoak grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Hafner homered to right (376 feet). Santana struck out swinging. Brantley walked. Damon grounded out to second, Brantley to second. Kotchman struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Liddi struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Ryan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Lopez walked. Choo flied out to left. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Cabrera singled to right, Kipnis to second. Hafner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Marson catching. Cunningham in center field. Sipp pitching for Indians. Ackley popped out to shortstop. Saunders struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Liddi in left field. Figgins at third base. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Marson grounded out to shortstop. Cunningham grounded out to shortstop. Damon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Asencio pitching for Indians. Montero flied out to center. Seager singled to right. Smoak grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Indians 9.	Jimenez helps Indians by King Felix, M's