Twins - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Span singled to right. Revere singled to center, Span to second. Mauer singled to left, Span scored, Revere to second. Willingham popped out to shortstop. Morneau singled to deep right, Revere scored, Mauer to third. Doumit walked, Morneau to second. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mauer out at home, Morneau to third, Doumit to second. Plouffe singled to center, Morneau and Doumit scored, Dozier to second. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Plouffe out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Walters pitching for Twins. Choo reached on infield single to shortstop. Kipnis flied out to left. Cabrera walked, Choo to second. Lopez walked, Choo to third, Cabrera to second. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Choo scored, Lopez out at second, Cabrera to third. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brantley out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Span struck out looking. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Mauer singled to left. Willingham singled to left, Mauer to second. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Walters pitching for Twins. Damon lined out to left. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Marson singled to left center. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Doumit flied out to right. Dozier singled to center. Plouffe flied out to left. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Walters pitching for Twins. Kipnis safe at first on error by shortstop Dozier. Kipnis stole second. Cabrera singled to shallow left, Kipnis scored advancing on play. Cabrera out stretching at second. Lopez flied out to center. Brantley struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Span singled to right. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Span out at second. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Walters pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to first. Damon walked. Chisenhall singled to center, Damon to third. Chisenhall stole second. Marson grounded out to shortstop, Damon scored, Chisenhall to third. Choo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Willingham flied out to right. Morneau flied out to center. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Walters pitching for Twins. Kipnis singled to right. Cabrera lined out to right. Lopez singled to right, Kipnis to third. Brantley singled to right, Kipnis scored, Lopez to second. Duensing pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to second, Lopez to third, Brantley to second. Damon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to center. Plouffe homered to left (375 feet). Carroll grounded out to first. Span grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Chisenhall flied out to right. Marson flied out to center. Choo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Mauer homered to right center (397), Revere scored. Willingham popped out to second. Morneau grounded out to first. Doumit flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Kipnis grounded out to first. Burton pitching for Twins. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to second. Plouffe lined out to second. Carroll flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Casilla at second base. Carroll at third base. Perkins pitching for Twins. Brantley struck out looking. Kotchman grounded out to second. Damon grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Indians. Span popped out to second. Revere struck out swinging, Revere safe at first on wild pitch by Barnes. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. Chisenhall flied out to right. Duncan hit for Marson. Duncan singled to center. Choo struck out looking. Kipnis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 7 - Indians 4.	Mauer snaps out of slump as Twins top Indians