Indians - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Choo grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to left center. Kipnis singled to left, Cabrera to second. Santana doubled to deep left, Cabrera scored, Kipnis to third. Brantley grounded out to second, Kipnis scored, Santana to third. Damon grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Furcal flied out to center. Beltran lined out to center. Holliday singled to center. Holliday to second on wild pitch by Tomlin. Craig walked. Freese flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Kotchman struck out swinging. Chisenhall grounded out to first. Tomlin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Molina lined out to shortstop. Descalso flied out to center. Robinson singled to center. Westbrook singled to center, Robinson to third. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Beltran reached on bunt single to third. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltran out at second. Craig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Santana walked. Brantley singled to right, Santana to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brantley out at second, Santana to third. Kotchman grounded out to second, Santana scored, Damon to second. Chisenhall reached on infield single to shortstop, Damon to third. Tomlin struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Molina doubled to deep right. Descalso lined out to right. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Choo safe at first on error by first baseman Craig. Cabrera singled to right, Choo to third. Kipnis singled to right, Choo scored, Cabrera to second. Santana lined out to second. Brantley struck out swinging. Damon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Westbrook flied out to right. Furcal flied out to center. Beltran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Kotchman struck out swinging. Chisenhall safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Tomlin singled to right, Chisenhall to third. Choo struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Holliday grounded out to third. Craig struck out looking. Freese lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Kipnis flied out to left. Santana grounded out to first. Brantley singled to center. Damon homered to right (374 feet), Brantley scored. Kotchman singled to deep right. Chisenhall grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Cunningham in left field. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Molina singled to center. Descalso singled to right, Molina to second. Robinson grounded out to first, Molina to third, Descalso to second. Adams hit for Cleto. Adams singled to center, Molina and Descalso scored. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to second, Adams out at second. Beltran flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Duncan hit for Tomlin. Duncan fouled out to shortstop. Choo safe at first on error by second baseman Descalso. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Holliday struck out looking. Craig singled to right. Freese struck out looking. Molina singled to center, Craig to second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Kipnis lined out to center. Santana grounded out to second. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Robinson popped out to third. Greene hit for Freeman. Greene struck out swinging. Furcal grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Cardinals 2.	Tomlin helps Indians silence scuffling Cards