Indians - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Choo homered to center (428 feet). Cabrera doubled to deep right. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop, Cabrera to third. Santana grounded out to second, Cabrera scored. Brantley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Heisey singled to right. Cozart singled to center, Heisey to second. Votto homered to center (420 feet), Heisey and Cozart scored. Phillips flied out to left. Bruce popped out to shortstop. Frazier doubled to deep center. Ludwick reached on infield single to shortstop, Frazier to third. Mesoraco struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Lopez popped out to second. Cunningham grounded out to shortstop. Marson singled to right. Tomlin singled to center, Marson to second. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Leake grounded out to pitcher. Heisey flied out to center. Cozart singled to center. Votto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Cabrera struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. Santana walked. Brantley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Phillips homered to left (385 feet). Bruce grounded out to first. Frazier flied out to left. Ludwick flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Lopez struck out looking. Cunningham struck out swinging. Marson singled to center. Tomlin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Mesoraco walked. Leake singled to left center, Mesoraco to second. Heisey singled to center, Mesoraco to third, Leake to second. Cozart grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Mesoraco out at home, Leake to third, Heisey to second. Votto intentionally walked. Phillips singled to right, Leake and Heisey scored, Votto to third. Bruce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Choo homered to right center (395 feet). Cabrera singled to right center. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Kipnis to second on throwing error by shortstop Cozart. Santana walked. Arredondo pitching for Reds. Brantley grounded out to second, Kipnis to third, Santana to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Barnes pitching for Indians. Frazier singled to right. Ludwick homered to center (417 feet), Frazier scored. Mesoraco doubled to deep left. Negron hit for Arredondo. Negron singled to center, Mesoraco to third. Heisey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mesoraco scored, Negron to second. Bailey ran for Heisey. Cozart struck out swinging. Votto walked, Negron to third, Bailey to second. Phillips singled to left, Negron scored, Bailey to third, Votto to second. Bruce walked, Bailey scored, Votto to third, Phillips to second. Rogers pitching for Indians. Frazier struck out swinging. Ludwick flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Simon pitching for Reds. Negron in center field. Cunningham grounded out to shortstop. Marson reached on infield single to second. Rogers singled to left, Marson to second. Choo struck out looking. Cabrera walked, Marson to third, Rogers to second. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Chisenhall at third base. Lopez at second base. Rogers pitching for Indians. Mesoraco grounded out to third. Negron safe at second on error by third baseman Chisenhall. Simon struck out swinging. Cozart reached on infield single to shortstop, Negron to third. Negron scored, Cozart to second on wild pitch by Rogers. Votto lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Cairo at first base. Simon pitching for Reds. Santana singled to right. Brantley doubled to deep left center, Santana to third. Lopez grounded out to second, Santana scored, Brantley to third. Cunningham grounded out to second, Brantley scored. Marson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Cunningham in center field. Duncan in left field. Phillips struck out swinging. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. Frazier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Hoover pitching for Reds. Duncan flied out to right. Choo struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Chisenhall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Ludwick doubled to deep left. Mesoraco struck out swinging. Negron struck out looking. Valdez hit for Hoover. Valdez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Hanigan catching. Santana flied out to left. Damon hit for Accardo. Damon grounded out to first. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Reds 12.	Reds sweep Indians as Phillips drives in 4