Angels - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Indians. Trout singled to left. Hunter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trout out at second. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Choo grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to left. Kipnis walked. Hafner walked, Kipnis to second. Brantley homered to right (343 feet), Kipnis and Hafner scored. Kotchman walked. Hannahan grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Morales singled to center. Trumbo singled to left, Morales to second. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales to third, Trumbo to second. Aybar struck out looking. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales scored, Callaspo out at second, Trumbo to third. Izturis stole second. Wilson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Damon singled to right center. Marson singled to left, Damon to second. Choo doubled to right, Damon scored, Marson to third. Cabrera grounded out to first, Marson scored, Choo to third. Kipnis singled to center, Choo scored. Hafner singled to right, Kipnis to second. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hafner out at second, Kipnis to third. Kotchman homered to right (354 feet), Kipnis and Brantley scored. Hannahan struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Indians. Trout lined out to left. Hunter grounded out to third. Pujols singled to left, Pujols out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Damon flied out to center. Marson struck out looking. Choo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Morales grounded out to third. Trumbo singled to center. Callaspo singled to center, Trumbo to second. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Izturis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hawkins pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to left. Kipnis struck out swinging. Hafner popped out to first. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Indians. Wilson grounded out to third. Trout singled to left center. Trout stole second. Hunter grounded out to second, Trout to third. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Isringhausen pitching for Angels. Kotchman singled to center. Hannahan singled to center, Kotchman to second. Damon reached on infield single to second, Kotchman to third, Hannahan to second. Marson singled to right, Kotchman scored, Hannahan to third, Damon to second. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hannahan scored, Marson out at second, Damon to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Damon scored. Kipnis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Cunningham in right field. Lowe pitching for Indians. Morales singled to deep right center. Trumbo singled to center, Morales to third. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center, Morales scored. Aybar doubled to center, Trumbo to third. Izturis singled to right, Trumbo scored, Aybar to third. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Trout in left field. Bourjos in center field. Romine at shortstop. Trumbo in right field. Hester catching. Wilson at first base. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Hafner walked. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hafner out at second. Kotchman grounded out to second, Brantley to second. Hannahan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Donald at shortstop. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Trout struck out swinging. Bourjos walked. Romine singled to right center, Bourjos to second. Morales flied out to left. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Romine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Damon singled to center. Marson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Damon out at second. Cunningham doubled to deep center. Donald grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Lopez at second base. Sipp pitching for Indians. Callaspo fouled out to right. Hester struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Angels. Lopez struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Accardo pitching for Indians. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Trout walked. Bourjos grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Indians 12.	Lowe ends personal skid as Indians roll