Twins - Top 1st. McAllister pitching for Indians. Span grounded out to third. Revere struck out looking. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Diamond pitching for Twins. Kipnis safe at first on error by second baseman Nishioka. Cabrera singled to right, Kipnis to second. Choo singled to center, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second. Santana grounded into double play, third to first, Kipnis scored, Cabrera out at third, Choo to second. Brantley lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Willingham homered to left (398 feet). Morneau homered to right (401 feet). Doumit doubled to left. Nishioka grounded out to first, Doumit to third. Dozier struck out swinging. Carroll walked. Span safe at first on error by first baseman Santana, Doumit scored, Carroll to second. Revere singled to center, Carroll scored, Span to third. Mauer doubled to deep left center, Span and Revere scored. Willingham walked. Morneau singled to left center, Mauer scored, Willingham to third. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Doumit homered to right (359 feet), Willingham and Morneau scored. Nishioka grounded out to second. 10 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Duncan reached on infield single to shortstop. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Duncan out at second. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Dozier grounded out to third. Carroll grounded out to third. Span grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Carrera grounded out to second. Kipnis flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Revere singled to shallow center. Mauer flied out to left. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau homered to right (395 feet), Revere scored. Doumit popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Choo grounded out to first. Santana flied out to center. Brantley doubled to deep right. Duncan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Nishioka flied out to left. Dozier grounded out to pitcher. Carroll popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Lopez singled to right. Marson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. Carrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Span grounded out to first. Revere reached on infield single to third. Mauer doubled to deep center, Revere scored. Willingham struck out looking. Morneau flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Kipnis singled to left. Cabrera flied out to center. Choo struck out swinging. Kipnis to second on wild pitch by Diamond. Santana homered to left center (416 feet), Kipnis scored. Brantley flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Lillibridge in left field. Hannahan at shortstop. Carrera in center field. Allen pitching for Indians. Doumit grounded out to first. Nishioka struck out swinging. Dozier walked. Carroll flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Duncan fouled out to catcher. Lopez flied out to left. Marson walked. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Rogers pitching for Indians. Span reached on infield single to second. Revere singled to center, Span to second. Mauer singled to left, Span to third, Revere to second. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span scored, Mauer out at second, Revere to third. Morneau grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Gray pitching for Twins. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lillibridge popped out to second. Choo singled to second. Santana walked, Choo to second. Hannahan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Indians. Butera hit for Doumit. Butera grounded out to third. Nishioka lined out to left. Dozier walked. Dozier to second on balk by Smith. Carroll walked. Span flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Mastroianni in left field. Butera catching. Perdomo pitching for Twins. Duncan flied out to left. Lopez singled to left. Marson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Carroll. Carrera grounded into double play, catcher to shortstop to first, Marson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Twins 14 - Indians 3.	Morneau, Twins deal Indians 10th straight loss