Indians - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Carrera struck out looking. Lillibridge grounded out to second. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. McAllister pitching for Indians. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Santana singled to shallow right. Rottino flied out to left. LaPorta flied out to right. Neal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Beltre singled to shallow left. Cruz struck out swinging. Young lined out to right. Moreland singled to left, Beltre to second. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Marson reached on infield single to third. Hannahan hit by pitch, Marson to second. Carrera sacrificed to catcher, Marson to third, Hannahan to second. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Martin bunt grounded out to second. Kinsler singled to right. Andrus grounded into double play, second to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Rottino lined out to third. LaPorta singled to shallow left. Neal singled to right, LaPorta to third. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Murphy flied out to left. Beltre singled to center. Cruz doubled to deep right, Beltre to third. Young singled to right, Beltre scored, Cruz to third. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cruz scored, Young out at second, Moreland to second on throwing error by shortstop Lillibridge. Soto struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hannahan struck out swinging. Carrera singled to shallow right. Lillibridge walked, Carrera to second. Kipnis lined out to right. Santana popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Martin flied out to left. Kinsler singled to shallow center. Andrus struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Rottino singled to left. LaPorta homered to right center (423 feet), Rottino scored. Neal grounded out to shortstop. Marson grounded out to pitcher. Hannahan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Beltre lined out to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Young singled to shallow right. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Carrera struck out swinging. Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Rogers pitching for Indians. Soto grounded out to first. Martin struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Santana singled to shallow center. Rottino sacrificed to pitcher, Santana to second. LaPorta reached on infield single to third. Choo hit for Neal. Perez pitching for Rangers. Choo walked, Santana to third, LaPorta to second. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Chisenhall hit for Marson. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Hannahan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Santana catching. Choo in right field. Smith pitching for Indians. Andrus safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lillibridge. Murphy flied out to center, Andrus to third. Beltre intentionally walked. Cruz safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan, Andrus scored, Beltre to second. Young singled to shallow center, Beltre scored, Cruz to second. Maine pitching for Indians. Moreland singled to shallow right, Cruz to third, Young to second. Soto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Gentry in center field. Carrera homered to right (361 feet). Canzler hit for Lillibridge. Canzler singled to shallow left. Donald ran for Canzler. Kipnis homered to right (389 feet), Donald scored. Santana doubled to shallow left. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Rottino sacrificed to third, Santana to third. LaPorta struck out swinging. Choo lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Cabrera at shortstop. Kotchman at first base. Perez pitching for Indians. Gentry struck out looking. Kinsler lined out to left. Andrus tripled to deep right. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Rangers 4.	Indians get to Nathan, beat Rangers