Blue Jays - Top 1st. Albers pitching for Orioles. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Stairs singled to right center. Hill singled to center, Stairs to second. Wells singled to left center, Stairs scored, Hill to second. Thomas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wells out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts singled to right center. Mora singled to right center, Roberts to second. Markakis flied out to right. Millar singled to left, Roberts scored, Mora to second. Huff grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Millar out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Albers pitching for Orioles. Overbay walked. Stewart grounded out to third, Overbay to second. Zaun struck out swinging. Inglett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Scott struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to right. Jones singled to left. Hernandez singled to center, Jones to third. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Albers pitching for Orioles. Eckstein grounded out to first. Stairs flied out to center. Hill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Mora singled to left. Markakis struck out looking, Mora stole second. Millar struck out looking. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Wells grounded out to third. Thomas singled to center. Overbay grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Scott grounded out to first. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Stewart flied out to center. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Inglett singled to right. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inglett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts batting. Mora batting. Markakis walked. Markakis stole second. Markakis safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun. Millar homered to left, Markakis scored. Huff struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Stairs grounded out to pitcher. Hill safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hernandez. Wells grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Scott singled to right. Hernandez lined into double play, pitcher to first, Scott out at first. Jones singled to center. Jones caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hernandez batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Thomas grounded out to pitcher. Overbay singled to right. Stewart flied out to right. Zaun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez walked. Roberts singled to left, Hernandez to second. Mora sacrificed to pitcher, Hernandez to third, Roberts to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hernandez out at home, Roberts to third. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Inglett grounded out to first. Eckstein singled to right center. Walker pitching for Orioles. Stairs grounded out to second, Eckstein to second. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Huff singled to center. Scott singled to deep right center, Huff to third. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Payton ran for Scott. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Huff scored, Payton to second. Payton stole third. Jones walked. Jones stole second. Hernandez flied out to left, Payton thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Payton in left field. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Wells singled to left center. Thomas flied out to right. Rios hit for Overbay. Rios homered to left, Wells scored. Stewart struck out swinging. Zaun lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Orioles 4.	Orioles first in AL East after win vs. Jays