Rangers - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton walked. Bradley doubled to deep left center, Hamilton scored. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Bynum lined out to left. Markakis doubled to deep right. Huff singled to right, Markakis scored. Hernandez grounded out to first, Huff to second. Scott fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to first. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Millar walked. Jones singled to right, Millar to second. Fahey doubled to left, Millar and Jones scored. Bynum popped out to first. Markakis singled to center, Fahey scored, Markakis to second advancing on throw. Huff grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Vazquez grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler flied out to center. Young singled to center. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hernandez grounded out to first. Scott doubled to right. Mora walked. Millar singled to right center, Scott scored, Mora to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mora scored, Millar out at second. Fahey doubled to right, Jones to third. Bynum singled to center, Jones and Fahey scored. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Markakis flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Bradley struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Catalanotto reached on infield single to first. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Huff grounded out to first. Hernandez flied out to center. Scott flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Vazquez popped out to shortstop. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Mora flied out to right. Millar grounded out to second. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hamilton flied out to left. Bradley grounded out to second. Murphy singled to right. Catalanotto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Fahey lined out to left. Bynum grounded out to shortstop. Markakis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Davis flied out to right. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Vazquez walked, Saltalamacchia to second. Kinsler singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Vazquez to second. Bukvich pitching for Orioles. Young flied out to center. Vazquez to third, Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Bukvich. Hamilton walked. Bradley singled to left, Vazquez and Kinsler scored, Hamilton to third. Murphy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Huff grounded out to second. Hernandez doubled to deep left. Scott flied into double play, right to shortstop, Hernandez doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to first. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Mora hit by pitch. Millar doubled to left, Mora to third. Jones singled to center, Mora scored, Millar to third. Fahey struck out swinging. Bynum grounded into fielder's choice to first, Millar scored, Jones out at second. Markakis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Vazquez struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Boggs hit for Young. Boggs fouled out to third. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Orioles 10.	Orioles put Rangers' Padilla in check; Bynum key