Rangers - Top 1st. Liz pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to center. Vazquez singled to center, Kinsler to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vazquez out at second, Kinsler to third. Bradley walked, Hamilton to second. Murphy struck out swinging. Boggs grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Roberts singled to right. Roberts stole second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Roberts stole third. Huff hit sacrifice fly to center, Roberts scored. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Liz pitching for Orioles. Davis flied out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. Duran flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Scott flied out to left. Millar singled to left, Millar advanced to second on play. Payton grounded out to pitcher, Millar to third. Jones singled to right, Millar scored. Bynum grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Liz pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to center. Vazquez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Liz, Kinsler to second. Hamilton singled to right, Kinsler scored, Vazquez to second. Bradley walked, Vazquez to third, Hamilton to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez out at home, Hamilton to third, Bradley to second. Boggs struck out swinging. Hamilton scored, Bradley to third, Murphy to second on wild pitch by Liz. Davis walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Roberts homered to center. Markakis doubled to center. Huff lined out to left. Hernandez struck out swinging. Scott struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Duran doubled to left. Kinsler grounded out to third. Duran to third on wild pitch by Liz. Vazquez singled to center, Duran scored. Hamilton grounded out to second, Vazquez to second. Bradley intentionally walked. Murphy homered to right, Vazquez and Bradley scored. Boggs walked. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Davis struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Millar doubled to deep center. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to pitcher, Millar to third. Bynum flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Duran walked. Duran caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kinsler walked. Vazquez struck out looking. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Roberts flied out to center. Markakis singled to center. Huff singled to right, Markakis to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Markakis scored, Huff safe at third on error by pitcher Millwood. Scott batting. Payton popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hamilton singled to right. Bradley batting. Boggs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Jones reached on infield single to third. Bynum sacrificed to third, Jones to second. Jones to third on wild pitch by Wright. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Davis grounded out to second. Ramirez flied out to right. Duran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Huff grounded out to first. Hernandez flied out to center. Scott struck out swinging, Scott safe at first on wild pitch by Wright. Millar walked, Scott to second. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to center. Vazquez singled to center, Kinsler to third. Hamilton walked, Vazquez to second. Catalanotto hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Murphy reached on infield single to second, Vazquez to third, Hamilton to second. Boggs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez scored, Murphy out at second, Hamilton to third. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Davis walked, Boggs to second. Ramirez walked, Hamilton scored, Boggs to third, Davis to second. Duran singled to center, Boggs and Davis scored, Ramirez to second. Kinsler struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Byrd in center field. Jones doubled to deep right. Bynum grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at third, Bynum to second advancing on throw. Roberts walked. Markakis homered to right center, Bynum and Roberts scored. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Huff doubled to center. Hernandez flied out to left. Scott fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Vazquez struck out swinging. Byrd singled to right. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Millar homered to left center. Payton lined out to left. Jones struck out swinging. Mora hit for Bynum. Mora homered to center. Mora hit for Bynum. Mora homered to center. Roberts struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 11 - Orioles 10.	Rangers' Murphy, Kinsler lead hit parade past O's