Tigers - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Granderson singled to right. Polanco doubled to shallow left, Granderson to third. Sheffield hit by pitch. Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to center, Granderson scored. Cabrera homered to center, Polanco and Sheffield scored. Joyce walked. Larish homered to right, Joyce scored. Renteria walked. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Renteria out at second. Granderson grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Roberts flied out to left. Markakis reached on infield single to first. Mora homered to left, Markakis scored. Huff grounded out to shortstop. Millar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Polanco singled to right. Sheffield safe at first on error by pitcher Cabrera, Polanco to second. Ordonez flied out to center. Polanco stole third, Sheffield stole second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Polanco scored, Sheffield to third. Joyce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Scott singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scott out at second. Hernandez struck out looking. Fahey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Larish walked. Larish stole second. Renteria grounded out to third. Inge walked. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Roberts doubled to left. Markakis singled to right, Roberts to third. Mora singled to right, Roberts scored, Markakis to second. Huff grounded out to pitcher, Markakis to third, Mora to second. Millar reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis scored, Mora to third. Scott singled to right, Mora scored, Millar to second. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Jones flied out to center. Hernandez singled to left center, Millar scored, Scott to second. Fahey singled to right, Scott scored, Hernandez to second. Roberts doubled to deep right, Hernandez scored, Fahey to third. Markakis intentionally walked. Mora fouled out to first. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sheffield fouled out to third. Ordonez grounded out to third. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Huff singled to center. Millar doubled to right center, Huff to third. Scott intentionally walked. Jones popped out to second. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Huff scored, Millar to third. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Fahey fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Joyce popped out to third. Larish walked. Renteria struck out swinging. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Roberts walked. Roberts caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second. Markakis flied out to center. Mora popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Granderson singled to center. Granderson to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Polanco singled to left, Granderson scored. Sheffield doubled to deep right, Polanco to third. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to center, Polanco scored, Sheffield to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Joyce doubled to deep right, Sheffield scored. Larish struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Raburn at third base. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Huff flied out to left. Millar doubled to deep left. Scott struck out swinging. Jones hit by pitch. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Hernandez walked, Millar to third, Jones to second. Payton hit for Fahey. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Castro at shortstop. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Renteria walked. Renteria caught stealing second, catcher to second. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson walked. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. Mora hit by pitch. Huff lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Sheffield reached on infield single to second. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sheffield out at second. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Millar struck out swinging. Scott popped out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Joyce grounded out to first. Raburn struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez catching. Inge at third base. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Hernandez homered to left. Castro struck out swinging. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis walked. Mora reached on infield single to third, Markakis to second. Huff grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Inge grounded out to third. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco doubled to deep left. Sheffield singled to center, Polanco thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 10th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Millar grounded out to pitcher. Scott homered to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Orioles 11.	Scott homers in the 10th to lift O's past Tigers