Rangers - Top 1st. Waters pitching for Orioles. Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Kinsler to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Waters. Hamilton homered to center, Kinsler and Young scored. Bradley struck out swinging. Byrd singled to left. Laird flied out to center. Davis singled to center, Byrd to second. Metcalf singled to left, Byrd scored, Davis to third. Ellison struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Roberts doubled to deep left. Markakis flied out to center. Roberts to third on balk by Harrison. Mora homered to center, Roberts scored. Huff grounded out to second. Millar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Kinsler flied out to left. Young grounded out to third. Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep left. Bradley walked. Byrd flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Payton doubled to deep left. Montanez singled to left center, Payton scored. Cintron flied out to center. Quiroz flied out to left. Roberts walked, Montanez to second. Markakis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Laird flied out to right. Davis flied out to left. Metcalf struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Mora walked. Huff homered to right, Mora scored. Millar flied out to right. Payton singled to right center. Montanez popped out to shortstop. Cintron flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Ellison walked. Kinsler homered to left, Ellison scored. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. Boggs hit for Bradley. Boggs grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Quiroz fouled out to first. Roberts doubled to deep right. Markakis flied out to right, Roberts to third. Mora singled to left, Roberts scored. Huff grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Byrd doubled to deep left. Laird singled to left center, Byrd to third. Davis walked, Laird to second. Metcalf singled to left, Byrd scored, Laird to third, Davis to second. Ellison singled to left, Laird and Davis scored, Metcalf to second. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Kinsler singled to deep right center, Metcalf scored, Ellison to third. Young singled to right, Ellison scored, Kinsler to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second, Kinsler to third. Boggs walked, Hamilton to second. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kinsler scored, Boggs out at second, Hamilton to third. Laird flied out to right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Millar singled to left. Payton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Millar out at second. Montanez singled to center. Cintron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Davis singled to center. Metcalf flied out to right. Ellison reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis to second. Kinsler singled to left, Davis to third, Ellison to second. Young popped out to second. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Madrigal pitching for Rangers. Quiroz flied out to right. Roberts singled to left. Roberts stole second. Markakis grounded out to first, Roberts to third. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Boggs struck out swinging. Byrd singled to left. Byrd to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Byrd to third on wild pitch by Cabrera. Laird struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Huff grounded out to second. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Metcalf flied out to center. Ellison flied out to center. Kinsler singled to left. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Montanez singled to center. Cintron grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Montanez out at second. Quiroz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Hamilton singled to center. Boggs walked, Hamilton to second. Byrd homered to left, Hamilton and Boggs scored. Laird grounded out to third. Davis struck out looking. Metcalf struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Roberts singled to center. Markakis flied out to left. Mora doubled to deep center, Roberts scored. Huff flied out to right. Millar fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 15 - Orioles 7.	Three homer as Rangers put a hurting on O's