Orioles - Top 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Roberts walked. Markakis doubled to left, Roberts to third. Mora singled to center, Roberts scored, Markakis to third. Huff hit sacrifice fly to center, Markakis scored. Hernandez lined out to third. Millar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Olson pitching for Orioles. Sizemore grounded out to second. Carroll singled to left. Carroll to second on wild pitch by Olson. Francisco struck out looking. Peralta singled to left, Carroll scored, Peralta to second advancing on throw. Shoppach walked. Garko singled to left, Peralta scored, Shoppach to third, Garko to second on throwing error by left fielder Montanez. Gutierrez reached on infield single to third, Shoppach scored, Garko to third. Marte singled to center, Garko scored, Gutierrez to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Montanez flied out to right. Payton grounded out to third. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Olson pitching for Orioles. Sizemore walked. Carroll popped out to second. Francisco struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Roberts walked. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Mora singled to center, Markakis to second. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Olson pitching for Orioles. Shoppach lined out to center. Garko fouled out to catcher. Gutierrez singled to left. Gutierrez stole second. Marte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Hernandez flied out to right. Millar lined out to center. Montanez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera doubled to left. Sizemore popped out to third. Carroll safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora, Cabrera advanced to third on play, Cabrera scored, Carroll to second on throwing error by third baseman Mora. Francisco flied out to center, Carroll to third. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Payton singled to center. Castro singled to right, Payton to third. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis hit sacrifice fly to right, Payton scored. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Shoppach struck out looking. Garko struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Huff flied out to left. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Olson pitching for Orioles. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera reached on bunt single to first. Sizemore doubled to deep center, Cabrera thrown out at home. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Montanez singled to left center. Payton lined out to right. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Scott hit for Castro. Scott doubled to right, Montanez to third. Roberts singled to center, Montanez scored, Scott to third. Perez pitching for Indians. Markakis singled to center, Scott scored, Roberts to second. Mora grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Cintron at shortstop. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Francisco singled to right. Peralta flied out to left. Shoppach grounded out to third, Francisco to second. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Huff struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to right. Millar struck out swinging. Montanez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Choo hit for Gutierrez. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Choo hit by pitch. Marte sacrificed to first, Choo to second. Cabrera singled to center, Choo scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Sizemore intentionally walked. Carroll struck out swinging. Francisco singled to left, Cabrera scored, Sizemore to second, Sizemore to third, Francisco to second advancing on throw. Peralta walked. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Shoppach flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Choo in right field. Lewis pitching for Indians. Payton flied out to left. Cintron struck out swinging. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Indians 7.	O's pitching woes continue as Tribe win 5th in row