Tigers - Top 1st. Mays pitching for Twins. Inge flied out to right. Polanco flied out to right. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Stewart grounded out to third. Rivas reached on bunt single to pitcher, Rivas to second on error by first baseman Young. Ford singled to center, Rivas scored. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Mays pitching for Twins. White grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Monroe doubled to deep right. Shelton walked. Infante singled to center, Monroe scored, Shelton to second. Logan walked, Shelton to third, Infante to second. Smith at first base. Inge grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Jones grounded out to second. LeCroy walked. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeCroy out at second. Redmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Mays pitching for Twins. Polanco doubled to left. Smith struck out swinging. White walked. Polanco to third on wild pitch by Mays. Rodriguez singled to left center, Polanco scored, White to second. Monroe singled to left, White scored, Rodriguez to second. Shelton lined into double play, shortstop to second, Rodriguez doubled off second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castro lined out to first. Stewart struck out looking. Rivas singled to center. Ford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Mays pitching for Twins. Infante homered to left. Logan singled to left. Inge doubled to deep right center, Logan scored. Polanco sacrificed to third, Inge to third. Smith grounded out to shortstop. White safe at first on error by third baseman Cuddyer, Inge scored. Rodriguez flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Hunter struck out looking. Jones grounded out to second. Mulholland pitching for Twins. LeCroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Monroe walked. Monroe to second on wild pitch by Mulholland. Shelton grounded out to second, Monroe to third. Infante grounded out to third, Monroe scored. Logan doubled to center. Inge walked. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Logan out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer singled to left. Redmond struck out swinging. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cuddyer out at second, Castro to second on throwing error by shortstop Infante. Crain pitching for Twins. Stewart lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Crain pitching for Twins. Smith grounded out to pitcher. White grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to shallow left center. Monroe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Rivas grounded out to shortstop. Ford popped out to shortstop. Romero pitching for Twins. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Romero pitching for Twins. Shelton walked. Infante flied out to right. Logan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Shelton safe at second on error by third baseman Cuddyer. Inge walked, Shelton to third, Logan to second. Polanco singled to right, Shelton scored, Logan to third, Inge to second. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to first, Logan out at home, Inge to third, Polanco to second. White grounded into fielder's choice to third, Smith out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Jones grounded out to second. LeCroy singled to right. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Twins. Redmond grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Monroe struck out swinging. Shelton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Stewart flied out to left. Nathan pitching for Twins. Rivas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Infante struck out swinging. Logan grounded out to shortstop. Inge walked. Polanco walked, Inge to second. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ford lined out to second. Hunter grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Twins 1.	Robertson goes distance in Tigers' win