Tigers - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Polanco flied out to center. Guillen doubled to deep left. Shelton reached on infield single to first, Guillen to third. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop, Guillen scored, Shelton to second. White struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Crawford singled to right. Lugo doubled to deep center, Crawford scored. Cantu homered to left, Lugo scored. Huff grounded out to first. Perez struck out swinging. Gomes singled to center. Gomes caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Green batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez singled to right center. Young doubled to left, Rodriguez to third. Monroe hit sacrifice fly to right, Rodriguez scored, Young to third. Inge grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Green grounded out to shortstop. Cash singled to center. Hollins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cash out at second. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Guillen singled to center. Shelton doubled to deep left center, Guillen scored. Ordonez flied out to center, Shelton to third. White singled to left, Shelton scored. Rodriguez lined out to shortstop. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Young homered to left, White scored. Monroe flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Lugo singled to left. Cantu lined out to center. Huff singled to right, Lugo to third. Perez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Huff out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Infante at second base. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Gomes grounded out to third. Green struck out swinging. Cash struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Shelton struck out swinging. Ordonez flied out to right. White flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Hollins walked. Crawford struck out swinging. Lugo singled to right center, Hollins to third. Cantu struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Monroe doubled to deep right. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Perez grounded out to second. Gomes doubled to right. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Green singled to center, Gomes scored. Cash grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Green out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Orvella pitching for Devil Rays. Infante struck out swinging. Guillen singled to center. Guillen stole second. Shelton walked. Ordonez doubled to deep right, Guillen and Shelton scored, Ordonez to third on error by right fielder Gomes. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Logan ran for White. White singled to right, Ordonez scored. Rodriguez singled to right, Logan to second. Young popped out to third. Logan in center field. Monroe in left field. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Logan out at third, Rodriguez to second, Logan to third on error by shortstop Lugo. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Hollins grounded out to second. Crawford flied out to center. Cortez at shortstop. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Carter pitching for Devil Rays. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Infante fouled out to catcher. Guillen reached on infield single to second. Shelton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Cantu flied out to left. Huff popped out to shortstop. Beimel pitching for Devil Rays. Perez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Devil Rays. Ordonez popped out to second. Logan tripled to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Logan out at home, Rodriguez to second. Farnsworth pitching for Tigers. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 9th. Farnsworth pitching for Tigers. Gomes struck out swinging. Gathright hit for Cash. Green grounded out to third. Gathright walked. Hollins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Devil Rays 4.	Ordonez keeps RBI coming, Tigers handle hapless Rays