Twins - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Punto grounded out to second. Stewart lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Inge reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Inge out at second. Shelton singled to center, Guillen to third. Ordonez fouled out to first. White grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Mauer singled to right. Hunter reached on infield single to third, Mauer to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second, Mauer to third. Boone singled to left, Mauer scored, Jones to second. Morneau walked. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Boone scored, Morneau to second. Ford grounded out to pitcher, Morneau to third, Cuddyer to second. Punto reached on bunt single to third, Morneau and Cuddyer scored, Punto to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to center. Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Santana. Monroe singled to left, Rodriguez to third. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez scored, Monroe out at second. Logan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Infante out at second. Inge grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Mauer doubled to deep left. Hunter struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center, Mauer to third. Boone singled to left, Mauer scored. Morneau singled to center, Boone to second. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Boone out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Shelton reached on infield single to third. Ordonez struck out swinging. White singled to left, Shelton to second. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Punto flied out to center. Stewart fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Monroe homered to left. Minnesota's Radke ejected by Iassogna in the 4th. Logan singled to right center. Inge struck out swinging. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Logan out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Mauer walked. Hunter singled to right, Mauer to second, Mauer to third on error by right fielder Ordonez. Mauer scored, Hunter to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Jones singled to right, Hunter to third. Boone grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hunter scored, Jones out at second. Morneau walked. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Shelton lined out to second. Ordonez doubled to deep left. Ordonez to third on wild pitch by Santana. White grounded out to second, Ordonez scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Ford struck out swinging. Punto singled to right center. Punto to second on wild pitch by Spurling. Stewart grounded out to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Monroe popped out to second. Infante flied out to center. Logan bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop. Jones doubled to center, Hunter to third. Boone grounded out to third. Morneau intentionally walked. Hunter scored, Jones to third, Morneau to second on wild pitch by Spurling. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right, Jones scored, Morneau to third. Ford grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Inge grounded out to catcher. Guillen grounded out to second. Hooper at shortstop. Wilson catching. German pitching for Tigers. Shelton fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. German pitching for Tigers. Punto popped out to second. Stewart safe at first on error by shortstop Hooper. Mauer walked, Stewart to second. Stewart to third, Mauer to second on balk by German. Hunter walked. Jones popped out to shortstop. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Ordonez lined out to second. White grounded out to third. Creek pitching for Tigers. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Creek pitching for Tigers. Morneau lined out to right. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Ford walked. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Punto popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Monroe grounded out to third. Infante lined out to third. Logan tripled to deep center. Inge doubled to deep right, Logan scored. Hooper singled to right, Inge to third. Inge scored, Hooper to second on passed ball by Mauer. Shelton lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Tigers 5.	Tigers stumble with four errors; Twins coast to victory