Tigers - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Polanco lined out to shortstop. Guillen flied out to left. Shelton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Suzuki singled to center. Winn lined out to left. Ibanez singled to left, Suzuki to second. Sexson walked, Suzuki to third, Ibanez to second. Beltre hit by pitch, Suzuki scored, Ibanez to third, Sexson to second. Bloomquist reached on infield single to second, Ibanez scored, Sexson to third, Beltre to second. Morse walked, Sexson scored, Beltre to third, Bloomquist to second. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morse out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Ordonez grounded out to third. White struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to right. Rodriguez stole second. Young lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Borders flied out to right. Suzuki singled to center. Winn singled to left, Suzuki to second. Ibanez fouled out to third. Sexson walked, Suzuki to third, Winn to second. Beltre safe at second on error by center fielder Monroe, Suzuki, Winn and Sexson scored. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Bloomquist walked. Morse singled to left, Beltre to third, Bloomquist to second. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Monroe singled to right center. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Monroe out at second. Polanco singled to center, Inge to second. Guillen flied out to center, Inge to third. Shelton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Borders grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. Winn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Ordonez reached on infield single to third. White reached on infield single to third, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, White out at second, Ordonez to third. Young popped out to shortstop. Monroe popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Ibanez walked. Sexson homered to left, Ibanez scored. Beltre grounded out to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Morse struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Inge grounded out to pitcher. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Lopez fouled out to third. Borders flied out to right. Suzuki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Shelton popped out to second. Ordonez flied out to right. German pitching for Tigers. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. German pitching for Tigers. Winn grounded out to second. Ibanez doubled to deep right center. Sexson walked. Beltre singled to left, Ibanez thrown out at home, Sexson to second. Bloomquist struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez flied out to right. Young struck out swinging. Monroe walked. McDonald at shortstop. Wilson catching. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. German pitching for Tigers. Morse singled to center. Lopez singled to center, Morse to second. Borders grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second, Morse to third. Reed hit for Winn. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Suzuki hit by pitch. Reed in center field. Spiezio at third base. Bloomquist in left field. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Polanco doubled to right. McDonald struck out swinging. Logan hit for Ordonez. Shelton walked. Logan singled to left, Polanco scored, Shelton to second. White singled to center, Shelton scored, Logan to third. Logan in center field. Monroe in right field. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, White out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Sexson homered to right. Spiezio struck out swinging. Bloomquist singled to right. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Morse grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Young doubled to deep left center. Monroe lined out to second. Inge lined out to right, Young to third. Polanco singled to left, Young scored. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Mariners 9.	M's Moyer unleashes arsenal on Tigers for 201st win