Royals - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Ambres popped out to second. Long grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lima pitching for Royals. Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa. Inge flied out to center. Shelton homered to left, Polanco scored. Ordonez lined out to center. Pena grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Stairs singled to center. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. Brown stole second, Brown safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wilson. Teahen struck out swinging. Berroa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lima pitching for Royals. Monroe doubled to left. McDonald lined out to center. Wilson popped out to second. Granderson doubled to deep right, Monroe scored. Polanco singled to left, Granderson thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Phillips singled to center. Blanco singled to center, Phillips to second. Ambres sacrificed to pitcher, Phillips to third, Blanco to second. Long singled to right, Phillips scored, Blanco to third. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Long out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lima pitching for Royals. Inge flied out to right. Shelton walked. Ordonez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Shelton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Stairs struck out looking. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Teahen fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lima pitching for Royals. Pena grounded out to second. Monroe singled to left. McDonald walked, Monroe to second. Wilson flied out to left. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Tigers. Berroa singled to left. Phillips singled to center, Berroa to third. Blanco reached on bunt single to first, Berroa scored, Phillips to second. Ambres bunt popped out to pitcher. Long popped out to shortstop. Sweeney singled to left, Phillips scored, Blanco to second, Blanco to third advancing on throw. Stairs flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lima pitching for Royals. Polanco reached on bunt single to third. Inge homered to left, Polanco scored. Nunez pitching for Royals. Shelton struck out looking. Ordonez singled to center. Pena grounded out to second, Ordonez to second. Monroe intentionally walked. McDonald singled to right, Ordonez to third, Monroe to second. Wilson singled to left, Ordonez and Monroe scored, McDonald to second. German pitching for Tigers. Granderson flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. German pitching for Tigers. Brown grounded out to third. Teahen walked. Berroa grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Polanco homered to left. Inge grounded out to third. Shelton doubled to deep center. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. German pitching for Tigers. Phillips grounded out to third. Blanco grounded out to first. Ambres singled to left. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Long grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Monroe flied out to right. McDonald reached on infield single to second, McDonald to second on throwing error by second baseman Blanco. Wilson walked. Granderson singled to center, McDonald scored, Wilson to second. Polanco doubled to left, Wilson scored, Granderson to third. Inge hit sacrifice fly to right, Granderson scored. De maria pitching for Royals. Logan hit for Ordonez. Shelton walked. Logan tripled to deep right, Polanco and Shelton scored, Logan scored on error by catcher Phillips. McEwing hit for Sweeney. Infante at second base. Logan in center field. Monroe in right field. Granderson in left field. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out looking. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Huber hit for Stairs. Dingman pitching for Tigers. McEwing singled to right, McEwing to second on error by right fielder Monroe. Huber flied out to right. Brown grounded out to shortstop, McEwing to third. Murphy hit for Berroa. Teahen singled to center, McEwing scored. Diaz in left field. Huber at first base. Murphy at second base. Blanco at shortstop. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Monroe doubled to deep left center. McDonald grounded out to third. Wilson singled to left, Monroe to third. Granderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Phillips singled to right. Blanco singled to center, Phillips to second. Ambres fouled out to first. Diaz flied out to right. McEwing struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Tigers 14.	18-hit attack leads Tigers pounding of Royals