Tigers - Top 1st. Howell pitching for Royals. Granderson struck out looking. Polanco lined out to third. Shelton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Ambres safe at first on error by first baseman Shelton. Long singled to right, Ambres to third. Sweeney hit sacrifice fly to center, Ambres scored. Brown singled to center, Long to third, Brown to second on throwing error by center fielder Logan. Stairs singled to right, Long and Brown scored. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. Buck flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Howell pitching for Royals. Monroe reached on infield single to third. Rodriguez walked, Monroe to second. Thames flied out to left, Monroe to third. Inge singled to left, Monroe scored, Rodriguez to third. McDonald grounded out to second, Rodriguez scored, Inge to second. Logan grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Teahen grounded out to second. Blanco flied out to left. Ambres flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Howell pitching for Royals. Granderson walked. Granderson to second on wild pitch by Howell. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Shelton hit by pitch. Monroe grounded out to second, Granderson to third, Shelton to second. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Long flied out to left. Sweeney flied out to left. Brown struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Howell pitching for Royals. Thames walked. Inge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thames out at second. McDonald singled to center. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Stairs walked. Berroa doubled to deep right center, Stairs to third. Buck hit sacrifice fly to right, Stairs scored, Berroa to third. Teahen grounded out to second. Blanco grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Howell pitching for Royals. Granderson singled to right. Polanco singled to left, Granderson to second. Shelton singled to center, Granderson scored, Polanco to second. Camp pitching for Royals. Monroe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Shelton out at second, Polanco to third. Polanco scored on Camp's wild pitch. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Ambres struck out looking. Long singled to center. Sweeney singled to left, Long to second. Brown flied out to center. Stairs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Camp pitching for Royals. Thames popped out to shortstop. Inge doubled to deep left center. McDonald grounded out to second, Inge to third. Logan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. Buck singled to center. Teahen struck out swinging. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Buck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Camp pitching for Royals. Granderson singled to left center. Granderson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Shelton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Ambres grounded out to third. Long singled to right. Sisco pitching for Royals. Sweeney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Long out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez lined out to left. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Thames grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Brown singled to center. Stairs grounded out to pitcher, Brown to second. Berroa flied out to center. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Buck safe at first on throwing error by shortstop McDonald, Brown to third. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Teahen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Young hit for McDonald. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Inge grounded out to third. Ordonez hit for Logan. Infante ran for Young. Young singled to left. Granderson in center field. Monroe in left field. Infante at shortstop. Ordonez in right field. Ordonez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Darensbourg pitching for Tigers. Blanco popped out to first. Dingman pitching for Tigers. Guiel hit for Ambres. Guiel singled to center. Long popped out to shortstop. Sweeney doubled to deep center, Guiel scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Royals 5.	Sweeney's double in 9th lifts Royals in Game 1