Rays - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Longoria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . Forsythe walked . Jennings fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Cobb pitching for Rays . Reyes struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista singled to right . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez lined out to left . Myers struck out looking . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Cobb pitching for Rays . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Francisco struck out looking . Lawrie hit ground rule double to deep center . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Molina singled to left . Joyce struck out bunting foul . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Cobb pitching for Rays . Gose struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Longoria singled to left . Forsythe singled to left , Longoria to second . Jennings struck out swinging . Rodriguez doubled to right , Longoria scored , Forsythe to third . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Forsythe scored , Rodriguez out at third . Loney flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Lind singled to left . Encarnacion walked , Lind to second . Francisco lined out to center . Lawrie singled to right , Lind scored , Encarnacion to third . Navarro singled to left center , Encarnacion scored , Lawrie to second . Lawrie to third , Navarro to second on wild pitch by Cobb . Gose struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Molina singled to center . Joyce grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Reyes reached on infield single to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Reyes to second . Bautista singled to center , Reyes scored . Lind homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Bautista scored . Encarnacion homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Francisco struck out looking . Lawrie struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Longoria flied out to center . Forsythe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Jennings doubled to left , Forsythe to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left , Forsythe scored . Myers lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ramos pitching for Rays . Navarro lined out to right . Gose grounded out to third . Reyes walked . Reyes stole second . Cabrera singled to center , Reyes scored . Bautista intentionally walked , Cabrera to second . Lind reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third , Bautista to second . Boxberger pitching for Rays . Cabrera scored , Bautista to third , Lind to second on balk by Boxberger . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Loney doubled to right . Molina flied out to right , Loney to third . Joyce grounded out to second , Loney scored . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Longoria flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Lueke pitching for Rays . Francisco homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Lawrie flied out to center . Navarro struck out swinging . Gose grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Tolleson at second base . Lawrie at third base . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Jennings walked . Rodriguez tripled to deep right center , Jennings scored . Myers hit sacrifice fly to center , Rodriguez scored . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Loney singled to right center . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Lueke pitching for Rays . Reyes lined out to right . Cabrera grounded out to first . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop . Lind grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Pillar in left field . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce singled to left . Escobar grounded out to third , Joyce to second . Longoria flied out to right . DeJesus hit for Forsythe . DeJesus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 6 - Blue Jays 9 .	Buehrle gets MLB - best 9th win as Jays roll on