Mariners - Top 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders flied out to left . Seager doubled to right . Morales flied out to left . Seager to third on wild pitch by Morrow . Morse walked . Bay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Davis doubled to shallow left . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Davis to third . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to second , Davis scored . Encarnacion flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Smoak flied out to center . Ackley struck out looking . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Arencibia singled to left . DeRosa doubled to left , Arencibia to third . Izturis singled to right , Arencibia scored , DeRosa to third . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis out at second . Bonifacio stole second . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop , DeRosa scored . Davis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Andino lined out to left . Saunders flied out to right . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to right . Bautista singled to shallow center . Encarnacion flied out to center . Bautista stole second . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Morales struck out swinging . Morse grounded out to second . Bay grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . DeRosa lined out to third . Izturis singled to shallow center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Izturis out at second . Kawasaki walked , Bonifacio to second . Bonifacio stole third . Kawasaki stole second . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Smoak walked . Ackley walked , Smoak to second . Montero reached on infield single to third , Smoak to third , Ackley to second . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smoak scored , Montero out at second , Ackley to third . Saunders walked , Andino to second . Seager hit sacrifice fly to left , Ackley scored . Morales walked , Andino to third , Saunders to second . Morse flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Cabrera homered to left center ( 445 feet ) . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to left . Arencibia singled to left , Bautista to second . DeRosa homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Bautista and Arencibia scored . Izturis grounded out to third . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Bay struck out swinging . Smoak grounded out to second . Ackley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Kawasaki singled to center . Davis popped out to third . Cabrera singled to left , Kawasaki to second . Kawasaki to third , Cabrera to second on passed ball by Montero . Bautista intentionally walked . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kawasaki scored , Bautista out at second , Cabrera to third . Arencibia lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Montero lined out to shortstop . Andino struck out swinging . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . DeRosa doubled to center . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop , DeRosa to third . Bonifacio struck out looking . Kawasaki singled to shallow center , DeRosa scored , Izturis to second . Davis lined out to right . Cabrera singled to right , Izturis scored , Kawasaki to third . Bautista fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Seager struck out swinging . Morales doubled to pitcher . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion walked . Arencibia lined out to third . DeRosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Smoak struck out swinging . Ackley grounded out to second . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Blue Jays 10 .	Blue Jays pound Mariners , end 4 - game skid