Rays - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Jennings flied out to left . Joyce singled to right . Zobrist grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Joyce out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Cobb pitching for Rays . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left , Encarnacion out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Longoria doubled to left . Loney grounded out to first , Longoria to third . Scott grounded out to third , Longoria scored . Johnson homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Lobaton walked . Escobar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Cobb pitching for Rays . Lind flied out to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Jennings homered to left center ( 415 feet ) . Joyce singled to right . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Joyce out at second . Longoria singled to center , Zobrist to third . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Loney grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zobrist out at home , Longoria to second . Scott singled to center , Longoria scored , Loney to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Cobb pitching for Rays . Rasmus grounded out to first . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Kawasaki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Lobaton grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to second . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bautista walked . Encarnacion lined out to left . Lind grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . Zobrist singled to left . Longoria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Arencibia grounded out to third . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus homered to right ( 465 feet ) . Bonifacio grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Loney singled to left . Scott struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Loney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista singled to left . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Lind grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Lobaton walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lobaton out at second . Jennings grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Cobb pitching for Rays . Arencibia struck out swinging . Lawrie safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Longoria . McGee pitching for Rays . Rasmus fouled out to third . DeRosa hit for Bonifacio . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts lined out to center . Zobrist flied out to center . Longoria struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Fuld in left field . Peralta pitching for Rays . Kawasaki singled to center . Cabrera walked , Kawasaki to second . Bautista singled to right , Kawasaki scored , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera to third , Bautista safe at second on error by second baseman Roberts . Rodney pitching for Rays . Arencibia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lind out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 9th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Loney singled to center . Scott flied out to center . Fuld sacrificed to pitcher , Loney to second . Lobaton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Rays . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus hit ground rule double to deep left center . Izturis hit for DeRosa . Izturis grounded out to second , Rasmus to third . Rasmus scored on Rodney 's wild pitch . Kawasaki walked . Cabrera struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 4 - Blue Jays 3 .	Johnson , Jennings homer as Rays top Blue Jays