Orioles - Top 1st . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth walked . Machado lined into double play , pitcher to first , McLouth doubled off first . Markakis reached on infield single to pitcher . Jones doubled to deep left , Markakis tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnacion walked . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Davis hit ground rule double to deep right center . Hardy singled to left , Davis to third . Wieters doubled to left , Davis scored , Hardy to third . Valencia grounded out to shortstop , Hardy scored . Casilla grounded out to pitcher , Wieters to third . McLouth grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Arencibia popped out to second . Lawrie grounded out to third . Gose grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Machado hit ground rule double to right . Markakis flied out to center . Jones flied out to left . Davis intentionally walked . Hardy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Kawasaki reached on bunt single to pitcher . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista singled to center , Kawasaki to third . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters grounded out to second . Valencia struck out swinging . Casilla flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Lind singled to right . Arencibia doubled to left , Lind to third . Lawrie hit sacrifice fly to center , Lind scored . Gose flied out to center . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . Machado singled to left . Markakis singled to center , Machado to second . Jones struck out swinging . Davis intentionally walked . Hardy lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Weber pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters doubled to deep center . Valencia fouled out to third . Casilla walked . McLouth singled to right , Wieters to third , Casilla to second . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Lind struck out looking . Arencibia walked . Lawrie struck out swinging . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Gose lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Jones homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Davis grounded out to second . Hardy struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Kawasaki struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Bautista singled to center , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion singled to right , Cabrera to third , Bautista to second . Lind flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters singled to center . Valencia struck out swinging . Wieters stole second . Casilla struck out swinging . McLouth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Arencibia singled to right . Lawrie hit by pitch , Arencibia to second . Gose struck out swinging . Rasmus hit for Bonifacio . Rasmus walked , Arencibia to third , Lawrie to second . Kawasaki singled to center , Arencibia scored , Lawrie to third , Rasmus to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lawrie out at home , Rasmus to third , Kawasaki to second . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Machado popped out to shortstop . Markakis hit by pitch . Jones singled to left , Markakis to second . Markakis to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Delabar . Davis intentionally walked . Hardy popped out to shortstop . Wieters doubled to deep right , Markakis and Jones scored , Davis to third . Valencia flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion doubled to deep right . Lind singled to center , Encarnacion to third . Arencibia singled to right , Encarnacion scored , Lind to third . Lawrie flied out to right . Gose walked , Arencibia to second . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lind scored , Gose out at second , Arencibia to third . Kawasaki doubled to deep left center , Arencibia and DeRosa scored . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 6 .	Blue Jays rally past Orioles with 4 - run ninth