Braves - Top 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Schafer doubled to deep right . Simmons singled to shallow left center , Schafer to third . Heyward struck out swinging . Freeman singled to right , Schafer scored , Simmons to third , Simmons scored , Freeman to second on throwing error by right fielder Bautista . Gattis struck out looking . McCann safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Encarnacion , Freeman scored . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to right . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . Encarnacion doubled to deep center , Bautista scored . Arencibia doubled to shallow right , Encarnacion to third . DeRosa hit ground rule double to deep center , Encarnacion and Arencibia scored . Rasmus singled to right center , DeRosa scored . Rasmus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first to second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Francisco grounded out to second . Johnson flied out to right . Schafer homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Simmons flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Braves . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Gose reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to center . Bautista walked , Gose to second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Heyward grounded out to second . Freeman singled to left . Gattis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Braves . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa safe at first on error by shortstop Simmons . Rasmus flied out to left . Izturis singled to left , DeRosa to second . Bonifacio lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . McCann grounded out to third . Uggla popped out to second . Francisco reached on infield single to second . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Braves . Gose struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Bautista homered to left ( 410 feet ) . Encarnacion flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Schafer struck out looking . Simmons doubled to center . Heyward fouled out to catcher . Freeman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Braves . Arencibia singled to center . DeRosa struck out swinging . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Blue Jays . Gattis homered to left ( 427 feet ) . McCann homered to right ( 423 feet ) . Uggla walked . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Francisco grounded out to pitcher , Uggla to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Schafer grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Maholm pitching for Braves . Bonifacio struck out looking . Gose singled to shallow right . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gose out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Simmons singled to shallow left . Heyward grounded out to second , Simmons to second . Freeman grounded out to second , Simmons to third . Gattis intentionally walked . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Varvaro pitching for Braves . Bautista doubled to center . Encarnacion grounded out to first , Bautista to third . Arencibia doubled to center , Bautista scored . DeRosa walked . Avilan pitching for Braves . Rasmus popped into double play , shortstop to second , Arencibia doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Uggla struck out looking . Johnson hit for Francisco . Johnson struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Pena at third base . Avilan pitching for Braves . Izturis walked . Bonifacio sacrificed to catcher , Izturis to second . Gose grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Schafer fouled out to third . Simmons fouled out to third . Heyward walked . Freeman singled to left center , Heyward to second . Heyward to third , Freeman to second on wild pitch by Delabar . Gattis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Gearrin pitching for Braves . Bautista grounded out to second . Encarnacion popped out to first . Arencibia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 10th . Weber pitching for Blue Jays . McCann homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Uggla flied out to left . Pena grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 10th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Lind hit for DeRosa . Lind walked . Kawasaki ran for Lind . Rasmus struck out swinging , Kawasaki stole second . Izturis flied out to left . Bonifacio flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 7 - Blue Jays 6 .	McCann 's 2nd homer powers Braves by Jays