Blue Jays - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Braves . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Schafer doubled to left . Simmons singled to left , Schafer scored . Upton lined into double play , second to first , Simmons doubled off first . Freeman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Braves . DeRosa grounded out to third . Rasmus grounded out to second . Izturis singled to left . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gattis singled to right . McCann reached on infield single to first , Gattis to second . Johnson flied out to center . Pena singled to left , Gattis scored , McCann to second . Minor flied out to left . Schafer popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Braves . Blanco popped out to second . Dickey grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Simmons flied out to center . Upton fouled out to first . Freeman homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Gattis fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Braves . Bautista singled to left . Encarnacion flied out to left . DeRosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . McCann grounded out to first . Johnson singled to right . Pena flied out to right . Minor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Braves . Rasmus flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to first . Bonifacio doubled to deep left . Blanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Schafer grounded out to first . Simmons walked . Upton flied out to center . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Minor pitching for Braves . Dickey reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to right . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dickey safe at second on error by shortstop Simmons . Encarnacion singled to left center , Dickey scored , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second advancing on throw . DeRosa doubled to deep right , Bautista and Encarnacion scored . Rasmus grounded out to pitcher . Izturis flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gattis singled to center . McCann singled to left , Gattis to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann out at second , Gattis to third . Pena reached on infield single to second , Gattis scored , Johnson to second . Minor sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson to third , Pena to second . Schafer singled to left , Johnson and Pena scored , Schafer to second advancing on throw . Simmons popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Minor pitching for Braves . Bonifacio flied out to center . Arencibia hit for Blanco . Arencibia flied out to right . Gose hit for Dickey . Gose struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Arencibia catching . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Upton lined out to center . Freeman singled to left . Gattis singled to center , Freeman to second . McCann walked , Freeman to third , Gattis to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Freeman scored , Gattis to third , McCann to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Pena safe at first on error by first baseman Encarnacion , Gattis and McCann scored . Heyward hit for Minor . Heyward reached first base on catcher 's interference , Pena to second . Schafer struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Upton in left field . Walden pitching for Braves . Heyward in right field . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Simmons fouled out to first . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . Johnson hit for Walden . Johnson homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Upton scored . McCann flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Braves . Johnson in left field . DeRosa grounded out to second . Rasmus reached on infield single to second . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Braves 11 .	Pena drives in 4 as Braves pound Blue Jays