Blue Jays - Top 1st . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to left . Bautista homered to right ( 349 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Encarnacion fouled out to catcher . Lind grounded out to second . Rasmus walked . Thole flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza singled to left . Ramirez grounded out to first , De Aza to second . Rios lined out to right . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Izturis popped out to third . Bonifacio bunt grounded out to pitcher . Kawasaki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn reached on infield single to shortstop . Viciedo flied out to right . Keppinger singled to left , Dunn to second . Beckham singled to right , Dunn to third , Keppinger to second . Gimenez hit sacrifice fly to right , Dunn scored , Keppinger to third , Beckham to second . De Aza singled to center , Keppinger and Beckham scored . Ramirez singled to left , De Aza to second . Rios grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Bautista walked , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion struck out looking . Lind flied out to left . Rasmus walked , Cabrera to third , Bautista to second . Thole flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko lined out to first . Dunn homered to center ( 452 feet ) . Viciedo doubled to deep right . Keppinger lined out to second . Beckham hit by pitch . Gimenez walked , Viciedo to third , Beckham to second . Beckham picked off second . De Aza batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Izturis singled to center . Bonifacio flied out to left . Kawasaki singled to left , Izturis to second . Cabrera popped out to second . Bautista homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Izturis and Kawasaki scored . Encarnacion walked . Lind flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza lined out to second . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Rios grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . Konerko hit by pitch . Dunn homered to right center ( 432 feet ) , Ramirez and Konerko scored . Viciedo grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Rasmus homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Thole singled to right . Jones pitching for White Sox . Izturis struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Thole out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Keppinger flied out to left . Beckham flied out to center . Gimenez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Kawasaki singled to center . Cabrera reached on infield single to second , Kawasaki to second . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnacion fouled out to first . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza struck out looking . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Rios singled to right . Konerko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Rasmus struck out swinging . Arencibia hit for Thole . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Arencibia flied out to right . Izturis singled to right . Bonifacio walked , Izturis to second . Kawasaki walked , Izturis to third , Bonifacio to second . Crain pitching for White Sox . Cabrera fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Arencibia catching . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Dunn walked . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . Keppinger grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . De Aza in left field . Jor Danks in center field . Crain pitching for White Sox . Bautista popped out to third . Encarnacion singled to left . Lind doubled to left , Encarnacion to third . Davis ran for Lind . Rasmus grounded out to pitcher . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham singled to left center . Gimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Beckham safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Encarnacion . Wells ran for Gimenez . De Aza struck out swinging . Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Bonifacio , Beckham scored , Wells to third . Rios struck out swinging . Konerko singled to center , Wells scored , Ramirez to second . Dunn singled to center , Ramirez scored , Konerko to second . Jor Danks grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Flowers catching . Reed pitching for White Sox . Izturis grounded out to third . Bonifacio struck out looking . Kawasaki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - White Sox 10 .	Dunn belts 2 HRs to power White Sox in fog