Rockies - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco struck out looking . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to center . Bautista grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Lind singled to center , Encarnacion scored . DeRosa doubled to deep left , Lind to third . Davis singled to shallow left , Lind scored , DeRosa tagged out at third , Davis to second advancing on throw . Arencibia doubled to left , Davis scored . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Rosario safe at second on throwing error by third baseman DeRosa . Helton walked . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to center . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Colvin struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to center . Rutledge flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Encarnacion struck out looking . Lind grounded out to third . DeRosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Pacheco grounded out to third . Gonzalez flied out to left . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Davis flied out to center . Arencibia grounded out to second . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Rosario struck out looking . Helton grounded out to first . Arenado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Bonifacio struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right . Bautista fouled out to catcher . Encarnacion homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Lind grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Colvin grounded out to shortstop . Herrera singled to center . Rutledge struck out swinging . Pacheco lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . DeRosa flied out to right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Izturis homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to left . Cuddyer singled to shallow left , Gonzalez to third . Rosario singled to shallow left , Gonzalez scored , Cuddyer to second . Helton grounded out to second , Cuddyer to third , Rosario to second . Arenado grounded out to first , Cuddyer scored , Rosario to third . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Colvin safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis , Rosario scored . Herrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Cabrera struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Kawasaki at shortstop . Izturis at second base . Bonifacio in left field . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Rutledge grounded out to third . Pacheco struck out looking . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . DeRosa flied out to right . Davis grounded out to second . Arencibia reached on infield single to pitcher , Arencibia to second on throwing error by pitcher Lopez . Izturis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Rosario walked . Helton struck out swinging . Rosario to second on fielder 's indifference . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Blue Jays 8 .	Encarnacion helps Jays win 7th straight game