Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Reyes grounded out to second . Izturis hit by pitch . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion singled to left , Izturis to second . Lind singled to right , Izturis scored , Encarnacion to third . Lawrie lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist grounded out to third . Joyce grounded out to shortstop . Longoria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Thole lined out to left . Pillar lined out to center . Gose struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Myers grounded out to shortstop . Loney struck out swinging . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Bautista lined out to left . Encarnacion popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar doubled to deep right , Escobar to third on error by center fielder Gose . Lobaton singled to center , Escobar scored . Fuld struck out swinging . Zobrist popped out to first . Joyce popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Lind singled to left . Lawrie singled to center , Lind to second . Thole grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lawrie out at second , Lind to third . Pillar fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . Myers struck out swinging . Loney walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Gose flied out to center . Reyes singled to center . Izturis flied out to center . Bautista walked , Reyes to second . Encarnacion singled to left , Reyes scored , Bautista to third , Encarnacion to second advancing on throw . Lind struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar grounded out to third . Lobaton singled to center . Fuld grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lobaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Lawrie grounded out to third . Thole tripled to right . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Gose singled to center , Thole scored . Reyes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist lined out to center . Joyce homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Longoria flied out to center . Myers struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rays . Izturis singled to center . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnacion popped out to second . Lind struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Loney reached on infield single to third . Johnson walked , Loney to second . Loney to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Escobar grounded out to first , Loney scored , Johnson to third . Lobaton grounded out to pitcher . Fuld singled to left , Johnson scored . Fuld caught stealing second , catcher to second . Zobrist batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Peralta pitching for Rays . Lawrie singled to center . Thole walked , Lawrie to second . Davis ran for Thole . Pillar sacrificed to first , Lawrie to third , Davis to second . Gose grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie scored . Reyes grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gose out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Davis in left field . Arencibia catching . Santos pitching for Blue Jays . Zobrist singled to right . Joyce struck out swinging , Zobrist stole second . Longoria intentionally walked . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zobrist out at third , Longoria to second . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Loney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Rays . Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop . Bautista singled to left , Izturis to second . Encarnacion lined out to third . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at second , Izturis to third . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez hit for Johnson . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Lobaton tripled to deep right , Escobar scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Rays 5 .	Lobaton 's walk - off triple lifts Rays over Jays