Blue Jays - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes singled to right . Davis struck out looking . Encarnacion singled to right , Reyes to third . Lawrie singled to left , Reyes scored , Encarnacion to second . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie out at second , Encarnacion to third . Arencibia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton flied out to left . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Sierra struck out looking . Pillar doubled to center . Redmond walked . Reyes singled to left , Pillar scored , Redmond to second , Redmond to third on throwing error by left fielder Eaton . Reyes picked off first . Davis homered to left center ( 424 feet ) , Redmond scored . Encarnacion doubled to right . Lawrie singled to center , Encarnacion scored . Lawrie stole second . DeRosa walked . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Arencibia grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Prado struck out looking . Hill popped out to third . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Sierra lined out to right . Pillar popped out to first . Redmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Parra grounded out to second . Gregorius fouled out to third . Collmenter lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . Encarnacion walked . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton homered to right center ( 407 feet ) . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Prado singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Hill grounded into double play , third to second to first , Prado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . DeRosa singled to left . Arencibia lined out to left , DeRosa to third on throwing error by left fielder Eaton . Sierra doubled to deep center , DeRosa scored . Pillar flied out to right . Redmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Montero singled to right . Parra flied out to center . Gregorius homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Montero scored . Owings hit for Collmenter . Owings grounded out to second . Eaton flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Roe pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes singled to left . Reyes stole second . Davis struck out swinging . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Reyes to third , Encarnacion to second on passed ball by Montero . Lawrie struck out swinging . DeRosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wagner pitching for Blue Jays . Goins at second base . Pollock singled to center . Pollock to second on wild pitch by Wagner . Goldschmidt walked . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Pollock to third . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Arencibia lined out to right . Sierra doubled to right . Pillar struck out swinging . Goins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wagner pitching for Blue Jays . Montero homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Parra reached on infield single to shortstop . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Bloomquist hit for Gregorius . Bloomquist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . Davidson hit for Hernandez . Davidson lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Bloomquist at shortstop . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to first . Davis struck out swinging . Encarnacion homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Lawrie lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Davis in left field . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Gose in center field . Eaton flied out to left . Pollock safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Pollock stole second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Prado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Lind hit for McGowan . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Lind homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Arencibia walked . Sierra homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Arencibia scored . Gose grounded out to shortstop . Goins grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Hill grounded out to second . Montero flied out to center . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 10 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Encarnacion , 3 others homer in Blue Jays ' rout