Blue Jays - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Orioles . Reyes popped out to third . Kawasaki doubled to left . Lawrie struck out swinging . Lind walked . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . McLouth walked . Hardy grounded into double play , third to second to first , McLouth out at second . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Orioles . Gose flied out to right . Thole singled to left . Goins singled to left , Thole to second . Pillar struck out swinging . Reyes singled to shallow left , Thole scored , Goins to second . Kawasaki popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Davis struck out swinging . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . Pridie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Orioles . Lawrie walked . Lawrie stole second . Lind struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Gose tripled to deep right center , Lawrie scored . Thole singled to left , Gose scored . Goins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Clevenger grounded out to shortstop . Schoop singled to center . Flaherty homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Schoop scored . McLouth doubled to left . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Orioles . Pillar grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to second . Kawasaki singled to left center . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Davis popped out to shortstop . Pearce homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Pridie singled to center . Clevenger reached on infield single to first , Pridie to second . Schoop grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Clevenger out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Lind singled to deep right . Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Lind to second . Gose struck out swinging . Thole lined out to left . Goins singled to left , Lind to third , Davis to second . Pillar lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty hit by pitch . McLouth grounded out to second , Flaherty to second . Hardy singled to center , Flaherty to third . Markakis singled to right , Flaherty scored , Hardy to third . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Davis hit ground rule double to deep center , Hardy scored , Markakis to third . Pearce intentionally walked . Pridie grounded out to first , Markakis scored , Davis to third , Pearce to second . Clevenger flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Reyes walked . Kawasaki reached on infield single to pitcher , Reyes to third . Stinson pitching for Orioles . Lawrie hit by pitch , Kawasaki to second . Lind grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reyes scored , Lawrie out at second , Kawasaki to third . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Schoop homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Flaherty walked . McLouth grounded out to pitcher , Flaherty to second . Jeffress pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy grounded out to second , Flaherty to third . Markakis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Gose struck out swinging . Thole doubled to deep center . Goins fouled out to third . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Pillar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Jeffress pitching for Blue Jays . Davis struck out swinging . Pearce reached on infield single to third . Pridie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pearce out at second . Clevenger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Reyes singled to right . Kawasaki reached on bunt single to third , Reyes to second . Lawrie popped out to first . Lind struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Schoop walked . Flaherty homered to center ( 385 feet ) , Schoop scored . McLouth flied out to right . Hardy reached on infield single to third . Markakis walked , Hardy to second . Valencia hit for Davis . Valencia grounded into double play , third to first , Hardy out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Gose flied out to right . Thole singled to center . Goins struck out swinging . Pillar doubled to left , Thole scored . Reyes flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 9 .	Orioles hit 4 HRs in 9 - 5 win over Blue Jays