Nationals - Top 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Espinosa grounded out to first . Desmond struck out looking . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Marte hit by pitch . Snider struck out swinging , Marte stole second , Marte to third on throwing error by catcher Ramos . McCutchen struck out swinging . Jones popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman flied out to center . LaRoche walked . Moore walked , LaRoche to second . Ramos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moore out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Martin grounded out to second . Alvarez popped out to second . Mercer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Bernadina hit by pitch . Strasburg safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes , Bernadina to third . Espinosa struck out looking . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Bernadina scored . Harper grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Barmes singled to right . Locke sacrificed to catcher , Barmes to second . Marte homered to right center ( 399 feet ) , Barmes scored . Snider grounded out to first . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman tripled to deep left . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right , Zimmerman scored . Moore grounded out to shortstop . Ramos flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Jones singled to right . Martin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Bernadina grounded out to second . Strasburg grounded out to second . Espinosa doubled to deep center . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Mercer singled to right . Barmes homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Mercer scored . Locke struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Snider grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Harper singled to center . Zimmerman walked , Harper to second . Wilson pitching for Pirates . LaRoche walked , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second . Moore struck out swinging . Ramos singled to center , Harper and Zimmerman scored , LaRoche to second . Bernadina struck out swinging . LaRoche to third , Ramos to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Strasburg struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . McCutchen walked . Jones struck out swinging . Martin hit by pitch , McCutchen to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . Mercer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Espinosa flied out to right . Desmond safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez . Harper flied out to center . Zimmerman walked , Desmond to second . LaRoche walked , Desmond to third , Zimmerman to second . Morris pitching for Pirates . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Barmes grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez hit for Morris . Sanchez grounded out to third . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina grounded out to first . Lombardozzi hit for Strasburg . Lombardozzi singled to shallow right . Espinosa hit by pitch , Lombardozzi to second . Desmond flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Snider struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to left . Jones lined into double play , pitcher to first , McCutchen out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman hit by pitch . LaRoche singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Zimmerman stole third . LaRoche stole second . Moore hit sacrifice fly to right , Zimmerman scored . Inge at first base . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Ramos grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . Martin singled to center , Martin out stretching at second . Alvarez popped out to third . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Pirates 4 .	Nats top Pirates ; no - decision for Strasburg