Astros - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Grossman grounded out to shortstop . Crowe walked . Altuve singled to left , Crowe to second . Castro singled to center , Crowe to third , Altuve to second . Carter struck out swinging . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Astros . Marte struck out swinging . Tabata popped out to second . McCutchen doubled to deep right . Sanchez doubled to deep left , McCutchen scored . Martin lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Dominguez struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to left . Bedard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Astros . Inge popped out to second . Walker flied out to left . Mercer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Grossman walked . Crowe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grossman out at second . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crowe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Astros . Burnett struck out looking . Marte hit by pitch . Tabata struck out looking . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Castro struck out swinging . Carter struck out looking . Pena walked . Dominguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Astros . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Martin singled to center . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . Walker fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second . Bedard sacrificed to catcher , Gonzalez to second . Grossman grounded out to second , Gonzalez to third . Crowe walked . Altuve reached on infield single to third , Gonzalez scored , Crowe to second . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Astros . Mercer singled to center . Burnett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mercer out at second . Marte flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Carter singled to left . Pena flied out to left . Dominguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Bedard pitching for Astros . Tabata reached on bunt single to third . McCutchen doubled to deep left , Tabata to third . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tabata out at home , McCutchen to third . Inge singled to left , McCutchen scored , Martin to second . Walker fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez fouled out to third . Paredes hit for Bedard . Paredes struck out swinging . Grossman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Astros . Mercer flied out to right . Jones hit for Burnett . Wright pitching for Astros . Jones hit by pitch . Cisnero pitching for Astros . Marte singled to center , Jones to second . Snider hit for Tabata . Snider grounded out to first , Jones to third , Marte to second . McCutchen intentionally walked . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Snider in right field . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Crowe singled to center . Altuve singled to center , Crowe to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Altuve out at second , Crowe to third . Carter singled to left center , Crowe scored , Castro to second . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carter out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Astros . Martin grounded out to third . Inge singled to left . Walker struck out swinging . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Dominguez popped out to second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Cisnero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . McKenry hit for Grilli . Cisnero pitching for Astros . McKenry flied out to right . Marte struck out swinging . Snider flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 10th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Grossman walked . Crowe struck out swinging . Altuve grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Grossman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 10th . Cisnero pitching for Astros . McCutchen struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to third . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 11th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Castro doubled to deep center . Carter popped out to first . Pena intentionally walked . Castro to third , Pena to second on wild pitch by Morris . Dominguez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro scored , Pena to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pena out at home , Dominguez to second . Martinez hit for Cisnero . Martinez singled to center , Dominguez scored , Gonzalez thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 11th . Grossman in left field . Crowe in right field . Barnes in center field . Veras pitching for Astros . Inge struck out swinging . Walker grounded out to first . Mercer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Pirates 2 .	Astros score twice in 11th to defeat Pirates