Brewers - Top 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Aoki walked . Segura singled to right , Aoki to second . Gomez singled to left , Aoki to third , Segura to second . Ramirez hit by pitch , Aoki scored , Segura to third , Gomez to second . Lucroy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura scored , Ramirez out at second , Gomez to third . Francisco singled to shallow left , Gomez scored . Weeks singled to center , Francisco to second . Schafer flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Marte grounded out to third . Martin struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Hellweg grounded out to third . Aoki singled to right . Segura flied out to center . Aoki caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gomez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Hellweg pitching for Brewers . Jones singled to center . Alvarez singled to center , Jones to second . Walker doubled to right center , Jones and Alvarez scored . Snider walked . Mercer grounded out to second , Walker to third , Snider to second . Cole walked . Marte singled to right , Walker scored , Snider to third , Cole to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Snider and Cole scored on error by shortstop Segura , Marte safe at third on error by shortstop Segura . McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop , Marte scored , Martin to second . Jones lined out to right . Alvarez singled to left , Martin scored , McCutchen to third . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Walker grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Gomez grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to second . Lucroy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Snider grounded out to first . Mercer flied out to center . Cole singled to right . Marte doubled to deep center , Cole scored . Martin lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Francisco flied out to left . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Schafer singled to right . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . McCutchen grounded out to first . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura walked . Gomez singled to right , Segura to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Walker struck out swinging . Snider struck out swinging . Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop . Cole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Lucroy doubled to deep right . Francisco flied out to right , Lucroy to third . Weeks struck out swinging . Schafer walked . Gindl hit for Gorzelanny . Gindl grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Marte tripled to deep right center . Martin grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen doubled to shallow left , Marte scored . Jones lined out to left . Alvarez safe at first on error by first baseman Francisco , McCutchen to third . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Jones in right field . Sanchez at first base . Reid pitching for Pirates . Aoki walked . Segura struck out swinging . Gomez flied out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Betancourt at third base . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Reid grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Reid pitching for Pirates . Lucroy flied out to center . Francisco singled to right . Weeks struck out swinging . Schafer fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Marte flied out to center . Martin struck out looking . McCutchen homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Halton hit for Gonzalez . Reid pitching for Pirates . Halton struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 10 .	Cole , Marte lead Pirates to rout of Brewers