Cardinals - Top 1st . Locke pitching for Pirates . Jay grounded out to first . Beltran singled to left . Craig singled to left , Beltran to second . Holliday singled to left center , Beltran scored , Craig to second . Freese struck out swinging . Descalso singled to center , Craig scored , Holliday to second . Holliday stole third , Descalso stole second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte walked . Walker grounded out to pitcher , Marte to second . McCutchen popped out to first . Alvarez singled to center , Marte scored . Martin struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Kozma struck out looking . Wainwright singled to right . Jay reached on bunt single to third , Wainwright to second . Beltran struck out swinging . Craig lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Jones singled to left . Presley grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Barmes singled to center . Locke struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Locke pitching for Pirates . Holliday singled to deep right . Freese struck out swinging , Holliday stole second . Descalso reached on infield single to catcher , Holliday to third . Cruz grounded out to shortstop , Holliday scored , Descalso to second . Kozma intentionally walked . Wainwright struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Walker homered to right ( 379 feet ) . McCutchen flied out to right . Alvarez lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Jay struck out looking . Beltran doubled to left . Craig lined out to center . Holliday singled to right , Beltran scored , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Freese grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Martin flied out to center . Jones singled to right . Presley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . Barmes doubled to right , Presley scored . Harrison hit for Locke . Harrison grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Descalso grounded out to first . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Kozma grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Marte reached on bunt single to third . Marte stole second . Walker grounded out to pitcher , Marte to third . McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to center , Marte scored . Alvarez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Wainwright singled to center . Jay struck out looking . Beltran flied out to center . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wainwright out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones lined out to right . Presley struck out swinging . Martin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Tabata in right field . Holliday struck out swinging . Freese singled to center . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freese safe at second on error by third baseman Alvarez . Cruz grounded out to pitcher , Freese to third , Descalso to second . Kozma struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Barmes struck out swinging . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Peterson hit for Wainwright . Watson pitching for Pirates . Peterson struck out swinging . Jay singled to shallow left . Beltran lined out to center . Craig grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Walker singled to right . McCutchen flied out to right . Alvarez flied out to left , Walker to second . Martin singled to center , Walker scored . Martin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jones batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Sanchez at first base . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Holliday grounded out to second . Freese lined out to second . Descalso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Pirates 5 .	Pirates win 4th straight vs. Cards