Pirates - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Tabata grounded out to third . Walker flied out to right . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Aoki struck out swinging . Gomez struck out swinging . Lucroy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Morneau lined out to left . Byrd singled to right center . Alvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrd out at second . Buck singled to center , Alvarez to second . Mercer singled to shallow left , Alvarez scored , Buck to third . Liriano walked , Mercer to second . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Liriano out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Ramirez walked . Davis homered to left center ( 413 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . Bianchi singled to center . Maldonado flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Walker singled to right . McCutchen lined out to center . Morneau doubled to left , Walker to third . Byrd singled to left , Walker scored , Morneau to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Aoki singled to left . Gomez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Aoki to second . Lucroy hit ground rule double to deep left , Aoki scored , Gomez to third . Ramirez doubled to deep left center , Gomez and Lucroy scored . Davis struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to left , Ramirez to third . Bianchi grounded out to pitcher , Ramirez scored , Betancourt to second . Maldonado walked . Betancourt to third on wild pitch by Liriano . Betancourt scored , Maldonado to second on wild pitch by Liriano . Peralta struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Mercer struck out swinging . Lambo hit for Liriano . Lambo struck out swinging . Tabata singled to deep right center . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Aoki reached on infield single to third . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aoki out at second . Lucroy flied out to right . Ramirez singled to right , Gomez to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . McCutchen homered to left center ( 387 feet ) . Morneau hit by pitch . Byrd doubled to deep left center , Morneau thrown out at home , Byrd to third advancing on throw . Alvarez struck out swinging . Buck grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Betancourt flied out to center . Bianchi grounded out to third . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Pie hit for Gomez . Pie struck out swinging . Tabata flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Pimentel pitching for Pirates . Francisco hit for Peralta . Francisco struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Gomez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Walker doubled to deep left . McCutchen walked . Morneau struck out looking . Hand pitching for Brewers . Byrd lined out to left . Alvarez hit by pitch , Walker to third , McCutchen to second . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Pimentel pitching for Pirates . Lucroy singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lucroy safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Davis struck out swinging . Betancourt reached on infield single to second , Lucroy to third , Ramirez to second . Bianchi hit sacrifice fly to right , Lucroy scored , Ramirez to third . Maldonado singled to left , Ramirez scored , Betancourt to second . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Gennett hit for Hand . Gennett grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Betancourt at third base . Gennett at second base . Mercer flied out to center . Snider hit for Hughes . Snider singled to shallow left . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snider out at second . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Aoki singled to left . Gomez lined out to third . Lucroy struck out swinging . Gindl hit for Wooten . Gindl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Halton at first base . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . McCutchen lined out to center . Morneau singled to center . Byrd struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Brewers 9 .	Brewers top Pirates to delay winning season