Pirates - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Tabata struck out swinging . Walker singled to left center . McCutchen singled to left , Walker to second . Morneau lined out to center . Byrd safe at first on error by third baseman Freese , Walker to third , McCutchen to second . Alvarez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Carpenter walked . Jay singled to right , Carpenter to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Jay stole second . Beltran singled to center , Carpenter scored , Jay scored , Beltran to second on error by center fielder McCutchen . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Beltran to third . Adams struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Martin singled to center . Barmes flied out to center . Burnett bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martin out at second . Tabata singled to right , Burnett to second . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Freese struck out looking . Descalso grounded out to second . Kelly lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . Byrd flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Carpenter tripled to right . Jay doubled to deep left center , Carpenter scored . Holliday doubled to right , Jay scored . Beltran doubled to deep center , Holliday scored . Molina grounded out to pitcher , Beltran to third . Adams struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . Martin walked . Barmes singled to left , Martin to second . Snider hit for Burnett . Snider grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barmes out at second , Martin to third . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Snider out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Pirates . Descalso struck out swinging . Kelly struck out looking . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Walker grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen walked . Morneau grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen to second . Byrd reached on infield single to second , McCutchen to third . Alvarez singled to center , McCutchen scored , Byrd to second . Martin struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Pirates . Jay hit by pitch . Holliday flied out to left . Beltran struck out swinging . Jay caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Barmes flied out to right . Lambo hit for Johnson . Lambo doubled to deep center . Tabata grounded out to third , Lambo to third . Walker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Molina grounded out to third . Adams grounded out to second . Freese grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Kozma at shortstop . McCutchen struck out looking . Morneau struck out swinging . Byrd lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Descalso doubled to left . Kozma reached on bunt single to catcher , Descalso to third . Carpenter doubled to deep right , Descalso scored , Kozma to third . Morris pitching for Pirates . Jay singled to center , Kozma and Carpenter scored . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Jay scored . Robinson ran for Holliday . Beltran singled to center , Robinson to third . Chambers ran for Beltran . Molina homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Robinson and Chambers scored . Mazzaro pitching for Pirates . Adams singled to right . Cruz hit for Siegrist . Cruz singled to center , Adams to second . Descalso flied out to right . Kozma lined out to right . Wong hit for Carpenter . Adams to third , Cruz to second on wild pitch by Mazzaro . Wong struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Wong at second base . Robinson in right field . Chambers in left field . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Alvarez doubled to deep center . Sanchez hit for Martin . Sanchez hit by pitch . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alvarez scored on throwing error by shortstop Kozma , Sanchez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Kozma . Jones hit for Mazzaro . Jones grounded out to third , Sanchez scored . Tabata grounded out to shortstop , Barmes to third . Harrison hit for Walker . Harrison homered to left center ( 383 feet ) , Barmes scored . Pie hit for McCutchen . Pie grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Harrison at third base . Pie in center field . Mercer at second base . Farnsworth pitching for Pirates . Sanchez catching . Jones in right field . Sanchez at first base . Jay grounded out to first . Robinson doubled to left . Chambers struck out swinging . Westbrook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez hit by pitch . Mercer struck out looking . Buck hit for Farnsworth . Buck singled to center , Sanchez to second . Sanchez singled to right , Sanchez to third , Buck to second . Barmes walked , Sanchez scored , Buck to third , Sanchez to second . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Jones struck out looking . Tabata doubled to deep right center , Buck and Sanchez scored , Barmes to third . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Harrison flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 8 - Cardinals 12 .	Cards rip Burnett , keep Pirates on 81 wins