Cardinals - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Carpenter struck out swinging . Beltran grounded out to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Marte flied out to center . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen walked . Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop , McCutchen to second , McCutchen to third , Morneau to second on throwing error by shortstop Kozma . Byrd singled to left , McCutchen and Morneau scored . Alvarez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Freese struck out swinging . Adams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Martin struck out looking . Barmes grounded out to third . Liriano walked . Marte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Jay grounded out to second . Kozma doubled to left . Kelly struck out swinging . Carpenter hit by pitch . Kozma to third on wild pitch by Liriano . Beltran walked , Carpenter to second . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Walker grounded out to first . McCutchen singled to center . Morneau lined into double play , to first , McCutchen doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Molina lined out to shortstop . Freese lined out to right . Adams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Byrd grounded out to second . Alvarez struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Jay singled to left . Kozma walked , Jay to second . Kelly struck out bunting foul . Carpenter struck out looking , Jay stole third , Kozma stole second . Beltran singled to center , Jay and Kozma scored . Holliday flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Barmes singled to center . Liriano sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Marte fouled out to first . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Molina lined out to right . Freese lined out to left . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Morneau flied out to left . Byrd doubled to left , McCutchen to third . Alvarez intentionally walked . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Martin hit sacrifice fly to center , McCutchen scored . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alvarez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Kozma singled to center . Robinson hit for Maness . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kozma out at second . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Mercer flied out to center . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Beltran homered to right center ( 409 feet ) . Holliday grounded out to first . Molina singled to right . Freese grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen doubled to left . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at third . Harrison ran for Morneau . Byrd walked , Harrison to second . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez singled to right , Harrison scored , Byrd to third . Martin singled to left center , Byrd scored , Alvarez to second . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martin out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Adams singled to left center . Jay lined out to shortstop . Kozma flied out to center . Descalso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Pirates 5 .	Pirates slip by Cards , take 2 - 1 lead