Athletics - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Indians . Kotsay singled to right . Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Elarton . Kendall lined out to right , Kotsay to third . Chavez doubled to left , Kotsay scored . Hatteberg singled to right , Chavez to third . Kielty safe at first on error by third baseman Boone , Chavez scored , Hatteberg to second . Johnson flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Sizemore singled to center . Sizemore stole second . Blake grounded out to second , Sizemore to third . Hafner hit by pitch . Broussard singled to center , Sizemore scored , Hafner to second . Martinez lined out to center . Gerut grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Swisher flied out to center . Scutaro doubled to left . Kotsay walked . Kendall grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second to first , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Belliard singled to left . Boone grounded out to second , Belliard to second . Peralta grounded out to third . Sizemore lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Indians . Chavez struck out swinging . Hatteberg walked . Kielty struck out looking . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Hafner singled to right . Broussard doubled to deep center , Hafner scored . Martinez grounded out to third , Broussard to third . Gerut singled to left , Broussard scored . Belliard grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Ellis flied out to right . Swisher flied out to left . Scutaro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Boone grounded out to first . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Kotsay lined out to left . Kendall singled to left . Chavez struck out swinging . Hatteberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Blake struck out looking . Hafner flied out to center . Broussard lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Elarton pitching for Indians . Kielty walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Kielty caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ellis singled to right . Swisher popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Martinez reached on infield single to pitcher . Gerut singled to center , Martinez to second . Cruz pitching for Athletics . Belliard reached on infield single to third , Martinez to third , Gerut to second . Boone struck out swinging . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Peralta walked , Martinez scored , Gerut to third , Belliard to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Scutaro struck out looking . Kotsay doubled to deep left center . Rhodes pitching for Indians . Kendall grounded out to third , Kotsay to third . Chavez singled to center , Kotsay scored . Hatteberg struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Blake struck out swinging . Hafner grounded out to first . Broussard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Indians . Kielty lined out to shortstop . Miller pitching for Indians . Johnson walked . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Martinez safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg . Gerut struck out swinging . Belliard doubled to deep center , Martinez scored . Boone struck out swinging . Belliard to third on wild pitch by Duchscherer . Peralta doubled to center , Belliard scored . Sizemore intentionally walked . Howry pitching for Indians . Blake flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Howry pitching for Indians . Scutaro flied out to center . Kotsay popped out to shortstop . Kendall lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Indians 6 .	Seventh heck : A 's in seven - game slide after Indians win