Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . Counsell grounded out to second . Hairston flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore struck out swinging . Crisp fouled out to catcher . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Glaus grounded out to third . Clark grounded out to third . Green reached on infield single to pitcher . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Hafner popped out to second . Martinez singled to left . Hernandez struck out looking . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Snyder struck out swinging . Clayton homered to center . Counsell singled to right . Hairston struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to center , Counsell to second . Glaus walked , Counsell to third , Gonzalez to second . Clark singled to right , Counsell and Gonzalez scored , Glaus to third . Green popped out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake homered to left . Peralta flied out to center . Sizemore safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Clayton . Crisp singled to left , Sizemore to second . Belliard walked , Sizemore to third , Crisp to second . Hafner doubled to deep left center , Sizemore , Crisp and Belliard scored . Martinez walked . Hernandez singled to center , Hafner scored , Martinez to second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at third , Hernandez to second , Hernandez to third , Boone to second on throwing error by third baseman Glaus . Herges pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake singled to right , Hernandez and Boone scored . Peralta homered to left , Blake scored . Sizemore homered to right . Crisp doubled to left . Belliard grounded out to third . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . Cruz walked . Snyder struck out looking . Clayton singled to right , Cruz to second . Counsell grounded out to first , Cruz to third , Clayton to second . Hairston fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Herges pitching for Diamondbacks . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez walked . Hernandez hit by pitch , Martinez to second . Boone doubled to deep center , Martinez and Hernandez scored . Blake grounded out to second , Boone to third . Peralta flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus doubled to deep left . Clark popped out to first . Green singled to left , Glaus scored . Cruz walked , Green to second . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp singled to center . Belliard doubled to deep right , Crisp scored . Hafner struck out swinging . Riske pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Riske pitching for Indians . Clayton doubled to deep right . Counsell homered to right , Clayton scored . Hairston struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to center . Glaus flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez walked . Boone fouled out to third . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Vargas . Blake grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez to third . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Riske pitching for Indians . Clark struck out swinging . Green fouled out to third . Cruz walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore walked . Crisp struck out looking . Belliard struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Indians . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Indians . Clayton reached on infield single to third . Tracy hit for Hairston . Counsell hit by pitch , Clayton to second . Tracy struck out looking . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Martinez walked . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . Boone singled to center . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Indians . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Clark grounded out to second . Green flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Indians 13 .	Indians ride 10 - run inning to seventh straight win