Indians - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Royals . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp grounded out to first . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Indians . DeJesus flied out to center . Ambres struck out looking . Sweeney walked . Stairs walked , Sweeney to second . Brown singled to left , Sweeney scored , Stairs to second . Berroa singled to right , Stairs to third , Brown to second . Teahen flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Royals . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to shallow center . Belliard singled to center , Martinez to second . Broussard flied out to left . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop , Martinez to third , Belliard to second . Blake struck out looking . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Indians . Buck singled to left center . Murphy flied out to right . DeJesus struck out looking . Ambres doubled to left , Buck to third . McEwing hit for Stairs . Sweeney homered to left , Buck and Ambres scored . McEwing flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Royals . Sizemore lined out to right . Crisp tripled to right . Peralta singled to right center , Crisp scored . Peralta picked off first . Hafner struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Indians . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Berroa doubled to deep left . Teahen singled to shallow right , Berroa to third . Buck struck out looking . Berroa scored , Teahen to second on balk by Lee . Murphy flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to right . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second . Broussard fouled out to third . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Indians . DeJesus flied out to left . Ambres grounded out to shortstop . Sweeney flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Royals . Blake grounded out to third . Sizemore grounded out to second . Crisp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Indians . McEwing walked . Brown doubled to deep right , McEwing scored , Brown to third advancing on throw . Berroa popped out to second . Brown picked off third . Teahen lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Royals . Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner hit ground rule double to deep right center . Martinez struck out swinging . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop , Hafner to third . Sisco pitching for Royals . Tallet pitching for Indians . Broussard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Buck singled to left . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Buck out at second . DeJesus lined out to center . Ambres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Boone flied out to center . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Sweeney grounded out to second . McEwing flied out to left . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Crisp doubled to left . Peralta grounded out to second , Crisp to third . Hafner walked . Burgos pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp scored , Hafner safe at second on error by shortstop Berroa . Belliard struck out swinging . Broussard walked , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Boone popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Tallet pitching for Indians . Berroa homered to left . Teahen walked . Buck flied out to center . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Murphy walked , Teahen to second . MacDougal pitching for Royals . DeJesus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Blake doubled to left . Sizemore doubled to deep left , Blake scored . Crisp singled to center , Sizemore scored . Peralta struck out looking . Hafner doubled to deep right , Crisp to third . Martinez singled to left , Crisp scored , Hafner to third . Vazquez ran for Martinez . Liefer hit for Broussard . Belliard safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa , Hafner scored , Vazquez advanced to second on play , Vazquez tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Liefer safe at second on error by left fielder Ambres , Belliard scored . Gobble pitching for Royals . Boone doubled to deep left , Liefer scored . Blake intentionally walked . Sizemore singled to right , Boone scored , Blake to second , Blake scored , Sizemore to second on error by right fielder Brown . Crisp walked . Peralta homered to left , Sizemore and Crisp scored . Bard catching . Liefer at first base . Howry pitching for Indians . Hafner struck out swinging . 11 Runs , 8 Hits , 3 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Indians . Ambres struck out looking . Long hit for McEwing . Sweeney flied out to right . Long fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 13 - Royals 7 .	Royal collapse : Tribe rally with 11 runs in ninth