Rangers - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Dellucci singled to center . Dellucci stole second . Young grounded out to first , Dellucci to third . Teixeira grounded out to second , Dellucci scored . Blalock lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sizemore singled to center . Crisp popped out to first . Sizemore stole second . Peralta doubled to left , Sizemore scored . Hafner walked . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Soriano popped out to shortstop . Matthews Jr singled to right . Alomar Jr reached on infield single to shortstop , Matthews Jr to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alomar Jr out at second . Derosa doubled to right , Matthews Jr scored , Gonzalez to third . Dellucci grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Belliard grounded out to second . Hernandez fouled out to first . Blake grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Young struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to second . Blalock singled to center . Soriano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Dubois singled to left . Sizemore singled to left , Dubois to second . Crisp doubled to deep left , Dubois and Sizemore scored . Crisp to third on passed ball by Alomar Jr. Peralta struck out swinging . Hafner doubled to deep left , Crisp scored . Martinez flied out to left . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Belliard doubled to left , Hafner scored . Hernandez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Matthews Jr flied out to center . Alomar Jr grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Blake flied out to right . Dubois struck out looking . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci doubled to deep center . Young doubled to deep left , Dellucci scored . Teixeira singled to left , Young scored , Teixeira out at second . Blalock grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Crisp singled to right . Peralta singled to center , Crisp to second . Hafner lined out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Belliard popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Vazquez at second base . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Soriano singled to center . Matthews Jr flied out to left . Alomar Jr doubled to deep left , Soriano to third . Gonzalez walked . Derosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . Blake grounded out to third . Blake in right field . Broussard at first base . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Dubois grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Sizemore lined out to shortstop . Crisp singled to center . Crisp stole second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . Hafner doubled to right , Crisp scored . Martinez intentionally walked . Loe pitching for Rangers . Vazquez safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock , Hafner to third , Martinez to second . Hernandez walked , Hafner scored , Martinez to third , Vazquez to second . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Blake popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Howry pitching for Indians . Blalock walked . Soriano popped out to shortstop . Matthews Jr walked , Blalock to second . Thompson pitching for Rangers . Alomar Jr grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Rangers . Broussard grounded out to second . Sizemore singled to center . Sizemore stole second . Crisp struck out looking . Peralta homered to left center , Sizemore scored . Riske pitching for Indians . Hafner grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Riske pitching for Indians . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Derosa grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci walked . Young lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Indians 9 .	Indians float toward wild card on Westbrook 's start