Indians - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to right . Crisp struck out looking . Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Teahen , Sizemore to second . Hafner struck out looking . Martinez homered to right , Sizemore and Peralta scored . Belliard walked . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Guiel flied out to right . Long popped out to shortstop . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Boone struck out looking . Blake popped out to shortstop . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Stairs struck out swinging . Teahen lined out to second . Berroa fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Crisp grounded out to first . Peralta flied out to center . Hafner lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Huber struck out swinging . Phillips singled to right . Blanco fouled out to third . Guiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to center . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . Broussard doubled to left . Boone lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Long struck out swinging . Brown flied out to center . Stairs grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Blake struck out swinging . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Teahen grounded out to first . Berroa struck out swinging . Huber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Peralta singled to right center . Hafner flied out to right . Martinez popped out to catcher . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Phillips reached on infield single to third . Blanco safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta , Phillips to second . Guiel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blanco out at second , Phillips to third . Long singled to center , Phillips scored . Ambres ran for Long . Ambres stole second . Brown homered to left , Ambres scored . Ambres in left field . Stairs struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Broussard grounded out to second . Boone struck out swinging . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Teahen doubled to deep right . Berroa sacrificed to pitcher , Teahen to third . Teahen scored on Westbrook 's wild pitch . Huber grounded out to third . Burgos pitching for Royals . Phillips grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Sizemore flied out to left . Crisp grounded out to second . Peralta tripled to deep right center . Hafner walked . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Blanco singled to center . Guiel singled to right , Blanco to third , Guiel to second advancing on throw . Ambres intentionally walked . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at home , Guiel to third , Ambres to second . Stairs grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guiel out at home , Ambres to third , Brown to second . McEwing at first base . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Teahen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Belliard reached on infield single to second . Broussard reached on infield single to shortstop , Belliard to second . Boone sacrificed to first , Belliard to third , Broussard to second . Blake grounded out to second , Belliard scored , Broussard to third . Sizemore hit by pitch . Howry pitching for Indians . Crisp struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Howry pitching for Indians . Berroa singled to left . McEwing sacrificed to pitcher , Berroa to second . Phillips doubled to deep center , Berroa scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Royals 5 .	Blinded by the light : Indians stumble to Royals