Padres - Top 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Garcia doubled to left, Garcia scored on error by left fielder Dahl. Hosmer walked. Machado singled to right, Hosmer to third. Hosmer scored on Márquez wild pitch, Machado to second on wild pitch by Márquez. Renfroe struck out swinging. Myers struck out looking. Kinsler singled to left center, Machado scored. Naylor grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lauer pitching for Padres. Blackmon singled to right. Story doubled to left, Blackmon to third. Arenado struck out swinging. Dahl grounded out to third, Blackmon scored. Desmond grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Allen singled to center. Lauer struck out bunting foul. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Allen out at second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lauer pitching for Padres. McMahon singled to center. Reynolds grounded into double play, third to second to first, McMahon out at second. Wolters walked. Márquez doubled to deep center, Wolters scored. Blackmon singled to center, Márquez scored, Blackmon to second. Story singled to left, Blackmon scored. Arenado singled to left, Story to second. Dahl reached on infield single to pitcher, Arenado to second, Story to third. Desmond grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Machado doubled to left. Renfroe flied out to left. Myers struck out swinging. Machado to third on wild pitch by Márquez. Kinsler singled to center, Machado scored. Kinsler picked off first. German Marquez pitches to Josh Naylor. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lauer pitching for Padres. McMahon grounded out to first. Reynolds doubled to deep left center. Wolters walked. Márquez struck out bunting foul. Blackmon hit ground rule double to deep left center, Reynolds scored, Wolters to third. Erlin pitching for Padres. Story walked. Arenado struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Naylor struck out looking. Allen singled to right. Erlin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Allen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Dahl singled to center. Desmond singled to deep left, Dahl to second. McMahon singled to left center, Dahl scored, Desmond to third. Reynolds sacrificed into double play, center to second, Desmond scored, McMahon out at second. Wolters flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Garcia struck out swinging. Hosmer walked. Machado struck out looking. Renfroe walked, Hosmer to second. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Tatis Jr. at shortstop. Erlin pitching for Padres. Márquez struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to left. Story singled to left, Blackmon to second. Arenado lined out to center. Dahl hit by pitch, Story to second, Blackmon to third. Desmond homered to right center (419 feet), Blackmon scored, Story scored and Dahl scored. McMahon walked. Reynolds flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Kinsler grounded out to second. Naylor singled to center. Allen grounded out to third, Naylor to second. Margot hit for Erlin. Margot singled to left, Naylor to third. Garcia walked, Margot to second. Hosmer singled to left center, Margot scored, Naylor scored and Garcia scored. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Murphy at first base. Tatis Jr. singled to center, Hosmer to second. Tatis Jr. to second on balk, Hosmer to third on balk. Renfroe struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Maton pitching for Padres. Wolters lined out to center. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Blackmon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Myers safe at second on error by center fielder Desmond. Kinsler doubled to deep center, Myers scored. Naylor walked. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Allen struck out looking. Reyes hit for Maton. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Garcia grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Padres. Story walked. Arenado singled to left, Story to second. Dahl tripled to deep center, Story scored and Arenado scored. Desmond hit sacrifice fly to right, Dahl scored. McMahon singled to left center. Bettis sacrificed to pitcher, McMahon to second. Wolters lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Tatis Jr. reached on infield single to second. Renfroe struck out looking. Tatis Jr. to second on wild pitch by Bettis. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Reyes pitching for Padres. Murphy struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out swinging. Story flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Naylor grounded out to pitcher. Allen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Rockies 14.	Blackmon has 4 hits, Desmond hits slam as Rockies top Padres