Padres - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia grounded out to third. Myers doubled to deep left center. Machado flied out to right. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Baez pitching for Padres. Flores struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Mejía grounded out to third. Naylor singled to left center. Urías grounded out to third, Naylor to second. Jankowski popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Baez pitching for Padres. Walker grounded out to first. Rojas walked. Locastro struck out swinging. Dyson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Torrens hit for Báez. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrens grounded out to third. Garcia reached on infield single to pitcher. Myers grounded into double play, third to second to first, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Bolanos pitching for Padres. Joseph struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Flores doubled to left. Ahmed flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer struck out swinging. Mejía grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bolanos pitching for Padres. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. Rojas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Young pitching for Diamondbacks. Naylor singled to center. Urías hit by pitch, Naylor to second. Jankowski flied out to left. Renfroe hit for Bolanos. Renfroe reached on infield single to shortstop, Urías to second, Naylor to third. Garcia popped out to shortstop. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Urías out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Yardley pitching for Padres. Locastro grounded out to shortstop. Dyson grounded out to first. Joseph reached on infield single to shortstop. Lamb hit for Young. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Joseph out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado singled to left. Hosmer grounded out to second, Machado to second. Mejía grounded out to shortstop, Machado to third. Naylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Yardley pitching for Padres. Flores grounded out to third. Ahmed safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Urías. Escobar singled to right, Ahmed to third. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Urías grounded out to third. Jankowski singled to left. Martini hit for Yardley. Martini struck out swinging, Jankowski caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Guerra pitching for Padres. Rojas flied out to center. Locastro grounded out to third. Dyson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Duplantier pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia grounded out to second. Myers struck out swinging. Machado doubled to center. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Joseph lined out to right. Cron hit for Chafin. Cron grounded out to first. Flores singled to left center. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Flores out at second, Flores safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Machado. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Mejía struck out swinging. Naylor flied out to center. Urías grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Strahm pitching for Padres. Escobar singled to center, Escobar thrown out at second. Walker doubled to right. Rojas grounded out to second, Walker to third. Locastro reached on infield single to third, Walker scored. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 0 - Diamondbacks 1.	Walker returns, Locastro lifts D'backs over Padres in 9th