Red Sox - Top 1st . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Damon lined out to third . Walker singled to right center . Garciaparra flied out to shallow right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Berg struck out swinging . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Millar lined out to center . Nixon struck out swinging . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Delgado popped out to second . Phelps struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi grounded out to first . Varitek struck out looking . Damon flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Hudson struck out swinging . Woodward singled to center . Bordick struck out looking . Stewart flied out to shallow right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Walker safe at first on error by shortstop Woodward . Garciaparra hit ground rule double to deep right center , Walker to third . Ramirez homered to center , Walker and Garciaparra scored . Millar singled to center . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Millar out at second , Nixon to second on throwing error by second baseman Hudson . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Giambi struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Berg homered to left . Wells popped out to first . Delgado grounded out to second . Phelps flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Varitek walked . Damon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek out at second . Walker singled to left . Walker caught stealing second , catcher to second . Garciaparra batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Red Sox . Wilson struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . Woodward walked . Bordick doubled to deep left center , Woodward scored . Stewart walked . Bordick to third , Stewart to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Berg walked . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Wells homered to left , Bordick , Stewart and Berg scored . Delgado flied out to left . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Garciaparra flied out to deep right . Ramirez flied out to center . Millar fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Phelps singled to left . Wilson doubled to left , Phelps to third . Hudson hit sacrifice fly to left , Phelps scored , Wilson to third advancing on throw . Woodward walked . Bordick doubled to left center , Wilson and Woodward scored . Stewart flied out to left . Berg flied out to center . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon singled to center . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Nixon out at second . Giambi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Wells flied out to shallow right . Delgado struck out looking . Phelps walked . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Varitek grounded out to second . Damon doubled to right . Walker flied out to left . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Fox pitching for Red Sox . Hudson safe at first on error by pitcher Fox . Woodward flied out to left . Bordick walked , Hudson to second . Stewart singled to right , Hudson to third , Bordick to second . Berg hit sacrifice fly to left , Hudson scored . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Wells struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez singled to left . Millar singled to center , Ramirez to second . Nixon walked , Ramirez to third , Millar to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez scored , Nixon out at second , Millar to third . Creek pitching for Blue Jays . Mirabelli hit for Giambi . Mirabelli hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Millar scored . Varitek popped out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Blue Jays 10 .	Sturtze wins again in Jays ' fifth straight victory