Rangers - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Everett grounded out to second . Blalock singled to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Blalock caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto struck out looking . Wells singled to center . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Palmeiro lined out to left . Gonzalez homered to center . Sierra grounded out to second . Christenson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Phelps hit ground rule double to deep right center . Hinske singled to shallow right , Phelps to third . Myers walked , Hinske to second . Hudson singled to center , Phelps and Hinske scored , Myers to second . Woodward doubled to right center , Hudson and Myers scored . Stewart struck out looking . Catalanotto homered to right , Woodward scored . Wells grounded out to second . Delgado struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Diaz doubled to left . Young singled to center , Diaz scored . Everett homered to right , Young scored . Blalock struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to first . Palmeiro singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Phelps tripled to deep center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Hinske grounded out to second , Phelps scored . Myers struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra walked . Christenson flied out to shallow right . Diaz struck out swinging . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Woodward doubled to left . Stewart reached on infield single to third . Catalanotto popped out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to second , Woodward to third , Stewart to second . Delgado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Everett fouled out to third . Blalock struck out looking . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Hinske struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Palmeiro singled to shallow center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Palmeiro out at second . Sierra safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske . Christenson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sierra out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Hudson singled to center . Yan pitching for Rangers . Woodward singled to shallow left center , Hudson to second . Stewart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Woodward out at second , Hudson to third . Catalanotto popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Diaz flied out to center . Young grounded out to pitcher . Everett fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Yan pitching for Rangers . Wells singled to left . Delgado grounded out to first , Wells to second . Phelps grounded out to third , Wells to third . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock flied out to left . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Palmeiro homered to right . Gonzalez homered to left . Creek pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra singled to center . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Sadler ran for Sierra . Lamb hit for Christenson . Sadler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sadler in center field . Lamb in left field . Wilson hit for Myers . Lamb batting . Fultz pitching for Rangers . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson hit ground rule double to deep right center . Woodward grounded out to pitcher . Stewart intentionally walked . Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson to third , Stewart to second . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Wilson catching . Werth in right field . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Catalanotto out at second , Stewart to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Lamb singled to right . Diaz popped out to shallow right . Young grounded out to second , Lamb to second . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Blue Jays 7 .	Jays ' ace Halladay waits until May to get first win