Yankees - Bottom 1st . Catalanotto lined out to shortstop . Wells singled to right . Delgado struck out looking . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano reached on bunt single to third . Soriano stole second . Rivera grounded out to shortstop , Soriano to third . Ja Giambi doubled to left center , Soriano scored . Posada flied out to shallow left . Matsui walked . Mondesi struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Myers walked . Phelps struck out looking . Hinske singled to left center , Myers to second . Hudson singled to left , Myers to third , Hinske to second . Bordick singled to center , Myers and Hinske scored , Hudson to second . Stewart popped out to shortstop . Catalanotto singled to center , Hudson scored , Bordick to second . Wells struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Ventura walked . Trammell walked , Ventura to second . Wilson flied out to right , Ventura to third . Soriano grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trammell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Delgado grounded out to first . Myers flied out to left center . Phelps flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Rivera singled to left . Ja Giambi flied out to deep center . Rivera to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Posada struck out swinging , Rivera to third on wild pitch by Escobar . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hinske walked . Hudson singled to left center , Hinske to second . Bordick flied out to right , Hinske to third . Stewart singled to center , Hinske scored , Hudson to second . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher , Hudson to third , Stewart to second . Wells flied out to shallow left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi flied out to shallow left . Ventura walked . Trammell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ventura out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Delgado grounded out to second . Myers flied out to center . Phelps struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson grounded out to first . Soriano grounded out to pitcher . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hinske grounded out to second . Hudson struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Bordick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Posada struck out swinging . Anderson pitching for Yankees . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Stewart walked . Catalanotto flied out to center . Wells popped out to third . Stewart to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Delgado intentionally walked . Myers singled to right , Stewart scored , Delgado to third . Phelps flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi reached on infield single to third . Ventura popped out to shallow center . Trammell lined out to left . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson singled to center , Mondesi to second . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Soriano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Hinske walked . Hudson safe at second on throwing error by catcher Posada , Hinske to third . Bordick popped out to first . Stewart hit sacrifice fly to right , Hinske scored , Hudson to third . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Rivera grounded out to second . Ja Giambi walked . Posada hit by pitch , Ja Giambi to second . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Posada out at second , Ja Giambi to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Flaherty catching . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Delgado doubled to left . Myers struck out looking . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi homered to left center . Ventura struck out swinging . Trammell struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Yankees 2 .	Yankees lose hold on first after fifth home loss in row