Blue Jays - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Johnson hit by pitch . Catalanotto singled to center , Johnson to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at third , Catalanotto to second . Delgado grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano grounded out to third . Jeter singled to left . Jeter stole second . Giambi walked . Williams flied out to left . Matsui flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Kielty lined out to right . Hinske grounded out to second . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to center . Mondesi flied out to deep left center . Sierra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Hudson singled to shallow center . Woodward flied out to center . Johnson reached on bunt single to third , Hudson to second . Catalanotto struck out looking . Wells walked , Hudson to third , Johnson to second . Delgado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Zeile struck out swinging . Soriano flied out to left . Jeter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Kielty doubled to left . Hinske doubled to deep center , Kielty scored . Wilson struck out looking . Hudson flied out to left . Woodward singled to left , Hinske scored , Woodward to second advancing on throw . Johnson lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi popped out to shortstop . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to right . Posada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto flied out to center . Wells homered to left center . Delgado singled to center . Kielty singled to right , Delgado to second . Hinske singled to center , Delgado scored , Kielty to second . Wilson singled to right center , Kielty scored , Hinske to second . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi lined out to first . Sierra grounded out to shortstop . Zeile walked . Soriano doubled to left , Zeile to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Woodward flied out to left . Johnson singled to right . Catalanotto grounded out to first , Johnson to second . Wells singled to center , Johnson scored . Delgado flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi flied out to left . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Kielty flied out to left . Hinske walked . Wilson lined out to left . Hudson walked , Hinske to second . Woodward singled to left , Hinske scored , Hudson to second , Hudson to third , Woodward to second on throwing error by left fielder Matsui . Miceli pitching for Yankees . Johnson flied out to shallow right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to right , Posada out stretching at second . Mondesi flied out to center . Sierra flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Wilson at third base . Zeile at first base . Miceli pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto flied out to left . Wells homered to left . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Kielty grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Zeile batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Yankees 0 .	Hendrickson , Wells help Jays overpower Yanks