White Sox - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Alomar grounded out to pitcher . Lee flied out to deep left center . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Johnson flied out to right center . Kielty struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez walked . Everett singled to right , Ordonez to third . Konerko reached on infield single to shortstop , Ordonez scored , Everett to second . Valentin reached on bunt single to third , Everett to third , Konerko to second . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Everett scored , Valentin out at second , Konerko to third . Alomar Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko scored , Crede out at second . Alomar reached on bunt single to third , Alomar Jr to second . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alomar out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Delgado struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to shallow left . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas singled to right . Ordonez reached on infield single to shortstop , Thomas to second . Everett grounded out to pitcher , Thomas to third , Ordonez to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Valentin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Werth walked . Bordick struck out looking . Woodward struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Crede grounded out to third . Alomar Jr grounded out to third . Alomar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Kielty singled to right . Wells singled to right , Kielty to second . Delgado doubled to right , Kielty scored , Wells to third . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at home . Hinske doubled to right , Delgado scored , Wilson to third . Werth grounded out to shortstop , Wilson scored , Hinske to third . Bordick flied out to right center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Lee homered to left center . Thomas flied out to center . Ordonez walked . Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Halladay . Everett grounded out to first , Ordonez to third . Konerko fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Woodward doubled to deep right . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Woodward out at second . Kielty walked , Johnson to second . Wells flied out to right , Johnson to third . Delgado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Valentin grounded out to second . Crede struck out swinging . Alomar Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Wilson grounded out to third . Hinske safe at first on error by third baseman Crede . Werth flied out to center . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Bordick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Alomar grounded out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . Thomas walked . Thomas to second on balk by Lopez . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Woodward struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Kielty doubled to right . Wells homered to center , Kielty scored . Delgado popped out to shallow left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Everett grounded out to pitcher . Konerko flied out to right . Daubach hit for Crede . Valentin singled to right . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Graffanino hit for Daubach . Graffanino at third base . Koch pitching for White Sox . Graffanino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Koch pitching for White Sox . Wilson grounded out to third . Myers hit for Werth . Hinske walked . Hinske stole second . Myers struck out swinging . Bordick singled to center , Hinske scored . Woodward doubled to left , Bordick to third . White pitching for White Sox . Myers catching . Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson at first base . Kielty in right field . Harris hit for Alomar Jr. Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays . Harris grounded out to second . Alomar singled to right . Alomar stole second . Lee singled to center , Alomar to third . Lee stole second . Thomas walked . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez doubled to left , Alomar and Lee scored , Thomas to third . Everett intentionally walked . Konerko hit by pitch , Thomas scored , Ordonez to third , Everett to second . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Harris in center field . Olivo catching . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Rowand in left field . Valentin lined into double play , shortstop to second , Everett doubled off second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Gordon pitching for White Sox . Kielty grounded out to second . Wells singled to shallow right . Delgado walked , Wells to second . Clark ran for Delgado . Catalanotto hit for Wilson . Marte pitching for White Sox . Catalanotto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Blue Jays 6 .	ChiSox win , but Blue Jays ' Halladay does n't lose