Blue Jays - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson doubled to deep left . Bordick grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at third . Wells flied out to center . Delgado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to first . Baldelli walked . Huff singled to right , Baldelli to third . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Phelps singled to left . Kielty grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Phelps out at second . Hinske reached on infield single to second , Kielty to second . Wilson struck out looking . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Martin struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Hall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Bordick singled to center . Bordick to second on wild pitch by Zambrano . Wells walked . Delgado singled to left , Bordick to third , Wells to second . Phelps struck out swinging . Kielty grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Liefer struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske tripled to deep center . Wilson grounded out to first . Hudson walked . Johnson struck out looking . Bordick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Baldelli singled to left . Huff grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Baldelli out at second . Lee flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Wells flied out to deep center . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Martin doubled to right . Anderson safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado , Martin to third . Hall doubled to right , Martin scored , Anderson to third . Liefer struck out swinging . Lugo singled to left , Anderson and Hall scored , Lugo to second advancing on throw . Crawford safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Hudson , Lugo scored . Crawford stole third . Baldelli grounded out to third . Huff flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Kielty struck out swinging . Hinske struck out swinging . Wilson walked . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Lee doubled to right center . Martin grounded out to second , Lee to third . Anderson singled to right , Lee scored . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson out at second . Liefer walked , Hall to second . Lugo homered to left , Hall and Liefer scored . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Rolls in right field . Sandberg at third base . Crawford struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson grounded out to third . Bordick reached on infield single to first . Wells flied out to left . Delgado walked , Bordick to second . Phelps hit by pitch , Bordick to third , Delgado to second . Kielty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . Huff flied out to left . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Lee grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske flied out to left . Wilson popped out to shallow center . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Rolls singled to right . Anderson walked , Rolls to second . Hall flied out to left . Sandberg lined out to right , Rolls to third . Lugo walked , Anderson to second . Crawford singled to center , Rolls and Anderson scored , Lugo to second . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson struck out swinging . Bordick walked . Wells safe at first on error by third baseman Sandberg , Bordick to second . Delgado walked , Bordick to third , Wells to second . Berg ran for Delgado . Phelps safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo , Bordick scored , Wells to third , Berg to second . Kielty grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Phelps out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 1 - Devil Rays 10 .	Lugo 's homer , five RBI lead D - Rays over Jays