Blue Jays - Top 1st . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hinske fouled out to third . Wells lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Thurman pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to right . Winn tripled to left center , Suzuki scored . Boone grounded out to third , Winn scored . Martinez lined out to left . Olerud walked . Cameron singled to left , Olerud to second . Davis lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Delgado hit by pitch . Myers fouled out to left . Bordick flied out to deep center . Catalanotto walked , Delgado to second . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Thurman pitching for Blue Jays . Sanchez walked . McLemore flied out to center . Suzuki walked , Sanchez to second . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suzuki out at second , Sanchez to third . Boone flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Cash struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to right . Hinske singled to center . Wells singled to center , Hinske to second . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Thurman pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez singled to center . Olerud popped out to second . Cameron doubled to left , Martinez to third . Davis intentionally walked . Sanchez singled to left center , Martinez and Cameron scored , Davis to second . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . McLemore walked , Davis to third , Sanchez to second . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Davis scored . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McLemore out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Franklin pitching for Mariners . Myers reached on infield single to shortstop . Bordick singled to left , Myers to second . Catalanotto doubled to deep left center , Myers scored , Bordick to third . Hudson singled to shallow right , Bordick scored , Catalanotto to third . Cash singled to center , Catalanotto scored , Hudson to third . Johnson homered to left , Hudson and Cash scored . Hinske flied out to center . Wells popped out to shallow left center . Delgado walked . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Myers popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Boone walked . Martinez walked , Boone to second . Olerud walked , Boone to third , Martinez to second . Cameron struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Bordick struck out looking . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . McLemore singled to left . Suzuki walked , McLemore to second . Winn singled to right , McLemore scored , Suzuki to second . Boone singled to left center , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Winn scored , Boone to second on wild pitch by Kershner . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Olerud reached on infield single to second , Boone scored . Cameron grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olerud out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Winn in center field . McLemore in left field . Bloomquist at third base . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Cash struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Hinske fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Davis struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to right . McLemore singled to left , Sanchez to second . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki tripled to deep right center , Sanchez and McLemore scored . Winn singled to right , Suzuki scored . Boone doubled to right , Winn scored . Martinez walked . Mabry in left field . Olerud grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Wells singled to center . Delgado flied out to deep center . Myers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Bloomquist singled to center . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bloomquist out at second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Mabry flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Sasaki pitching for Mariners . Bordick grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Hudson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Suzuki singled to right . Winn flied out to center . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Politte . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Benitez pitching for Mariners . Cash grounded out to shortstop . Johnson fouled out to second . Hinske flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Mariners 13 .	Seattle 13 , Toronto 6