Blue Jays - Top 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Johnson struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to second . Wells doubled to right . Delgado walked . Wells to third , Delgado to second on wild pitch by Harden . Myers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Long grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to second . Chavez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Hudson singled to shallow left . Woodward flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Tejada fouled out to first . Durazo singled to center . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Durazo out at second . Ellis stole second . Hatteberg singled to center , Ellis scored . Melhuse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Johnson reached on bunt single to second . Hinske homered to left center , Johnson scored . Wells singled to right . Delgado struck out swinging . Myers singled to center , Wells to second . Catalanotto hit by pitch , Wells to third , Myers to second . Wilson walked , Wells scored , Myers to third , Catalanotto to second . Hudson grounded out to second , Myers scored , Catalanotto to third , Wilson to second . Woodward fouled out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton grounded out to second . Long homered to center . Guillen grounded out to third . Chavez singled to right . Tejada flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Johnson doubled to left . Hinske homered to right , Johnson scored . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Delgado struck out looking . Myers struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Durazo homered to center . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Melhuse grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Wilson grounded out to third . Hudson singled to right . Woodward homered to left , Hudson scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton grounded out to first . Long tripled to deep right . Guillen hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Long scored . Chavez singled to right . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Hinske flied out to left . Wells doubled to right center . Delgado intentionally walked . Myers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado out at second , Wells to third . Myers caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first . Catalanotto batting . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Durazo fouled out to third . Ellis popped out to shallow center . Hatteberg flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Melhuse doubled to deep center . Singleton flied out to center . Long reached on infield single to first , Melhuse to third , Melhuse scored on error by first baseman Delgado . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Long out at second . Chavez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Woodward grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Tejada flied out to right . Durazo struck out swinging . Harville pitching for Athletics . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Harville pitching for Athletics . Wells struck out looking . Delgado grounded out to second . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Melhuse singled to center . Hernandez hit for Singleton . Hernandez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Melhuse out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Athletics 5 .	Harden produces worst outing of young career