Braves - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Furcal walked. Furcal caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to second. Giles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. Cameron safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Beltran grounded out to second, Cameron to second. Floyd grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Jones grounded out to second. LaRoche grounded out to second. Langerhans struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Mientkiewicz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. McCann singled to center. Betemit struck out looking. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second. Furcal singled to left, Hudson to second. Johnson singled to center, Hudson scored, Furcal to third. Giles flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Cairo doubled to deep center. Zambrano sacrificed to third, Cairo to third. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cairo out at home. Cameron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Jones walked. LaRoche flied out to center. Langerhans doubled to deep center, Jones scored. McCann walked. Betemit grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCann out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Beltran flied out to center. Floyd struck out looking. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Hudson hit ground rule double to right. Furcal bunt popped out to pitcher. Johnson safe at first on error by left fielder Floyd. Giles walked, Hudson to third, Johnson to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hudson out at home, Johnson to third, Giles to second. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Mientkiewicz singled to center. Castro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mientkiewicz out at second. Cairo hit by pitch. Zambrano bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Langerhans grounded out to second. McCann flied out to center. Betemit singled to right, Betemit to second on error by right fielder Cameron. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Reyes lined out to center. Cameron fouled out to catcher. Beltran singled to right. Floyd singled to right, Beltran to third. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Floyd out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Furcal struck out looking. Johnson struck out swinging. Brower pitching for Braves. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Brower pitching for Braves. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. Castro struck out looking. Heilman pitching for Mets. Cairo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Heilman pitching for Mets. Jones walked. LaRoche flied out to left. Langerhans singled to right center, Jones to second. McCann flied out to center, Jones to third. Kolb pitching for Braves. Anderson hit for Heilman. Betemit grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Kolb pitching for Braves. Anderson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. Graves pitching for Mets. Orr hit for Kolb. Cameron lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Graves pitching for Mets. Orr singled to right center. Furcal reached on bunt single to pitcher, Orr to second, Orr to third on throwing error by pitcher Graves. Johnson singled to left, Orr scored, Furcal to second. Giles grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second, Furcal to third. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 9th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Beltran struck out swinging. Floyd flied out to left. Wright reached on infield single to third. Mientkiewicz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Mets 0.	Hudson notches victory in return as Braves blank Mets