Braves - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Cubs. Furcal walked. Furcal stole second. Giles flied out to right. Jones lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Lawton singled to right center. Walker flied out to left. Lee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Cubs. Jones struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Ramirez singled to center. Burnitz struck out swinging. Barrett flied out to left. Perez singled to center, Ramirez to second. Hairston Jr grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Cubs. Johnson struck out looking. Estrada grounded out to second. Thomson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Williams doubled to deep right. Lawton grounded out to first, Williams to third. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Williams scored. Lee walked, Walker to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Walker to third, Lee to second. Burnitz walked, Walker scored, Lee to third, Ramirez to second. Barrett struck out swinging. Perez singled to center, Lee and Ramirez scored, Burnitz to third. Hairston Jr grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles fouled out to first. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Williams singled to left center. Lawton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Williams out at second. Devine pitching for Braves. Walker walked. Lee doubled to left, Walker to third. Ramirez walked. Burnitz homered to center, Walker, Lee and Ramirez scored. Barrett walked. Perez grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Cubs. Jones homered to left. LaRoche grounded out to first. Francoeur lined out to center. Johnson walked. Foster pitching for Braves. Betemit at shortstop. Estrada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Foster pitching for Braves. Hairston Jr fouled out to first. Williams struck out looking. Lawton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Cubs. Betemit flied out to left. Orr hit for Foster. Orr struck out looking. Giles singled to left center, Giles to second on error by left fielder Lawton. Orr at third base. Boyer pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Braves. Walker struck out swinging. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Cubs. Jones struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to second. Langerhans in center field. Kolb pitching for Braves. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Kolb pitching for Braves. Burnitz reached on infield single to pitcher. Barrett reached on infield single to shortstop, Burnitz to second. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to third, Barrett out at second, Burnitz out at third, Perez to first. Hairston Jr reached on infield single to shortstop, Perez to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston Jr out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Cubs. Johnson flied out to left. Estrada singled to right. Betemit flied out to right. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Orr walked, Estrada to second. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Giles grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Lawton singled to center. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, Lawton to second. Lee walked, Lawton to third, Walker to second. Ramirez popped out to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. Barrett doubled to left, Lawton and Walker scored, Lee to third. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Perez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Franco hit for Reitsma. Dempster pitching for Cubs. Langerhans walked. Franco struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Langerhans out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 1 - Cubs 10.	Cubs win as Williams allows three hits, collects two