Astros - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Biggio singled to center. Taveras sacrificed to third, Biggio to second. Berkman walked. Ensberg singled to center, Biggio scored, Berkman to second. Lane grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ensberg out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Giles flied out to left. Jones homered to right. Jones flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Palmeiro walked. Everett flied out to left. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Franco struck out swinging. Francoeur fouled out to catcher. Jordan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Pettitte struck out looking. Biggio doubled to center. Taveras walked. Berkman walked, Biggio to third, Taveras to second. Ensberg singled to left, Biggio and Taveras scored, Berkman to second. Lane grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ensberg out at second, Berkman to third. Palmeiro hit by pitch, Lane to second. Everett grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Estrada struck out looking. Hudson flied out to left. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Ausmus doubled to deep center. Pettitte sacrificed to pitcher, Ausmus to third. Biggio hit sacrifice fly to center, Ausmus scored. Taveras grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Giles doubled to left center. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Jones homered to center, Giles scored. Franco walked. Francoeur reached on bunt single to third, Franco to second. Jordan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francoeur out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Berkman flied out to left. Ensberg struck out looking. Lane struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Estrada struck out swinging. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Everett flied out to center. Ausmus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Giles grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging. Jones walked. Franco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Pettitte hit ground rule double to deep left. Biggio sacrificed to first, Pettitte to third. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Berkman intentionally walked. Ensberg singled to left, Pettitte scored, Berkman to second. Devine pitching for Braves. Lane hit by pitch, Berkman to third, Ensberg to second. Palmeiro flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Francoeur popped out to first. Jordan flied out to right. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Estrada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Everett singled to right. Ausmus reached on infield single to second, Everett to second. Pettitte sacrificed to third, Everett to third, Ausmus to second. Bagwell hit for Taveras. Biggio intentionally walked. Bagwell singled to left, Everett scored, Ausmus to third, Biggio to second. Foster pitching for Braves. Berkman struck out swinging. Ensberg walked, Ausmus scored, Biggio to third, Bagwell to second. Biggio scored, Bagwell to third, Ensberg to second on wild pitch by Foster. Lane intentionally walked. Brower pitching for Braves. Palmeiro singled to left, Bagwell and Ensberg scored, Lane to second. Everett walked, Lane to third, Palmeiro to second. Bruntlett in center field. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Orr hit for Brower. Ausmus struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Orr flied out to left. Furcal singled to left. Giles hit by pitch, Furcal to second. Jones doubled to deep center, Furcal scored, Giles to third. Jones struck out swinging. McBride pitching for Braves. Vizcaino hit for Wheeler. Franco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. McBride pitching for Braves. Vizcaino grounded out to shortstop. Biggio grounded out to pitcher. Springer pitching for Astros. Vizcaino at second base. Bruntlett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Langerhans hit for Jordan. Springer pitching for Astros. Francoeur tripled to deep right center. Langerhans struck out swinging. Gallo pitching for Astros. Johnson hit for McBride. Betemit hit for Johnson. Estrada singled to right, Francoeur scored. Betemit reached on infield single to third, Estrada to second, Estrada to third on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg. Furcal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Astros 10 - Braves 5.	Pettitte, Astros snatch Game 1 in Atlanta