Padres - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Maybin flied out to center . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Headley doubled to left . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Volquez pitching for Padres . Gordon reached on bunt single to shortstop . Gordon stole second . Ellis walked . Kemp reached on infield single to first , Gordon to third , Ellis to second . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gordon scored , Kemp out at second , Ellis to third . Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right , Ellis scored . Loney fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop . Venable singled to left , Hundley to second . Parrino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Venable out at second , Hundley to third . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Uribe doubled to deep left center . Ellis walked . Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to third , Ellis to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Uribe out at home , Ellis to third . Gordon stole second . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Volquez struck out swinging . Maybin safe at first on error by shortstop Gordon . Denorfia doubled to deep left , Maybin scored . Headley fouled out to first . Guzman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Kemp homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Ethier doubled to deep right center . Rivera singled to deep right , Ethier scored , Rivera to second on error by right fielder Venable . Loney flied out to left . Uribe grounded out to third , Rivera to third . Ellis intentionally walked . Rivera caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher to third . Kershaw batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Hundley grounded out to third . Venable reached on infield single to first . Parrino singled to left , Venable to second . Hudson grounded into double play , third to first , Venable out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Kershaw struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Ellis safe at first on error by third baseman Headley . Kemp walked , Ellis to second . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Volquez grounded out to shortstop . Maybin popped out to second . Denorfia doubled to left . Headley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Loney walked . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Loney out at second . Ellis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Guzman walked . Hundley walked , Guzman to second . Venable sacrificed to pitcher , Guzman to third , Hundley to second . Parrino walked . Hudson singled to left , Guzman scored , Hundley to third , Parrino to second . Bartlett hit for Volquez . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . Hermida hit for Bartlett . Hermida singled to left , Hundley and Parrino scored , Hudson to second . Maybin struck out swinging . Denorfia walked , Hudson to third , Hermida to second . Headley grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Frieri pitching for Padres . Venable in left field . Hermida in right field . Gwynn hit for Lindblom . Gwynn struck out swinging . Gordon struck out swinging . Ellis hit by pitch . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop , Ellis to second . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Guzman struck out swinging . Hundley walked . Venable flied out to center . Parrino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Rivera fouled out to first . Loney walked . Uribe singled to center , Loney to second . Ellis struck out swinging . Kennedy hit for Guerrier . Kennedy walked , Loney to third , Uribe to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Hudson fouled out to third . Hermida popped out to shortstop . Maybin lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Cashner pitching for Padres . Ellis singled to center . Kemp grounded into double play , second to first , Ellis out at second . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Alonso hit for Cashner . Alonso singled to left . Headley walked , Alonso to second . Guzman bunted into triple play , catcher to third to second to first , Alonso out at third , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Alonso at first base . Brach pitching for Padres . Rivera walked . Loney singled to left , Rivera to second . Uribe sacrificed to pitcher , Rivera to third , Loney to second . Ellis intentionally walked . Hairston Jr. hit for Guerra . Hairston Jr. fouled out to second . Gordon singled to left , Rivera scored , Loney to third , Ellis to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Dodgers 5 .	Gordon key as Dodgers sweep away Padres