Nationals - Top 1st . Wieland pitching for Padres . Desmond lined out to shortstop . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Venable flied out to left . Parrino grounded out to shortstop . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Wieland pitching for Padres . LaRoche doubled to right . Werth grounded out to third , LaRoche to third . Ankiel doubled to right , LaRoche scored . Ramos flied out to right , Ankiel to third . Bernadina intentionally walked . Zimmermann singled to right center , Ankiel scored , Bernadina to second . Desmond grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Hermida struck out swinging . Alonso doubled to right . Maybin grounded out to third . Hudson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Wieland pitching for Padres . Espinosa struck out swinging . Tracy flied out to center . LaRoche walked . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Baker struck out looking . Wieland popped out to second . Venable grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Wieland pitching for Padres . Ankiel grounded out to first . Ramos singled to center . Ramos to second on wild pitch by Wieland . Bernadina safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Parrino . Zimmermann bunted into double play , first to shortstop to third , Bernadina out at second , Ramos out at third , Zimmermann to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Parrino grounded out to first . Headley flied out to center . Hermida struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Wieland pitching for Padres . Desmond walked . Espinosa flied out to left . Tracy flied out to right . LaRoche singled to deep right , Desmond to third . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Alonso flied out to left . Maybin struck out swinging . Hudson homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Baker flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Wieland pitching for Padres . Ankiel grounded out to second . Ramos struck out swinging . Bernadina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Guzman hit for Wieland . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Guzman singled to right center . Venable flied out to center . Parrino flied out to center . Headley singled to right , Guzman to second . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Lombardozzi hit for Zimmermann . Lombardozzi grounded out to pitcher . Desmond singled to center . Espinosa singled to center , Desmond to second . Spence pitching for Padres . DeRosa hit for Tracy . DeRosa walked , Desmond to third , Espinosa to second . LaRoche singled to right , Desmond scored , Espinosa to third , DeRosa to second . Venable in right field . Owings pitching for Padres . Denorfia in left field . Werth walked , Espinosa scored , DeRosa to third , LaRoche to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . Ramos singled to right , DeRosa and LaRoche scored , Werth to third . Bernadina flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Lombardozzi at third base . Alonso flied out to right . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Owings pitching for Padres . Lombardozzi flied out to left . Desmond walked . Espinosa singled to right , Desmond to third . Gorzelanny singled to right , Desmond scored , Espinosa to second . LaRoche flied out to left . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gorzelanny out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Baker flied out to left . Denorfia grounded out to third . Venable hit ground rule double to deep center . Parrino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Street pitching for Padres . Ankiel flied out to center . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Gorzelanny pitching for Nationals . Headley grounded out to third . Kotsay hit for Street . Kotsay singled to center . Alonso doubled to deep right center , Kotsay to third . Maybin grounded out to shortstop , Kotsay scored , Alonso to third . Hudson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Padres 2 .	Nationals cruise as Zimmermann limits Padres