Padres - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Athletics . Venable popped out to third . Denorfia safe at first on error by first baseman Moss . Headley struck out swinging . Quentin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Crisp lined out to right . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Alonso flied out to left . Maybin grounded out to second . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomes out at second . Cowgill struck out swinging . Moss walked , Inge to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Cabrera singled to center . Amarista sacrificed to third , Cabrera to second , Amarista safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Colon . Cabrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Colon . Figueroa pitching for Athletics . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera scored , Amarista out at third . Denorfia singled to right , Venable to third . Headley fouled out to first . Quentin popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Pennington struck out looking . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Weeks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Figueroa pitching for Athletics . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Hundley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Reddick hit by pitch . Gomes singled to left , Reddick to second . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at third , Gomes to second . Cowgill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at third , Inge to second . Moss grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Figueroa pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Amarista flied out to left . Venable struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Suzuki flied out to left . Pennington struck out swinging . Crisp singled to center . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Denorfia walked . Denorfia stole second . Headley walked . Quentin struck out swinging . Alonso grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Headley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Reddick flied out to right . Gomes struck out swinging . Inge walked . Cowgill singled to right , Inge to third . Moss grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cowgill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Maybin singled to left . Hundley struck out swinging , Hundley second . Cabrera bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Richard pitching for Padres . Suzuki struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to third . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Amarista grounded out to pitcher . Venable singled to center . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Venable out at second . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Denorfia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Richard pitching for Padres . Weeks grounded out to third . Reddick struck out swinging . Gomes singled to shallow left . Street pitching for Padres . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Quentin hit ground rule double to deep right . Forsythe ran for Quentin . Alonso sacrificed to pitcher , Forsythe to third . Cook pitching for Athletics . Maybin struck out looking . Forsythe scored on Cook 's wild pitch . Hundley struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Street pitching for Padres . Cowgill grounded out to shortstop . Moss walked . Smith hit for Suzuki . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moss out at second . Smith to second on fielder 's indifference . Pennington walked . Crisp singled to right , Smith scored , Pennington to third . Weeks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 2 - Athletics 1 .	Colon hurt as A 's edged by Richard , Padres