Padres - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia singled to center . Amarista flied out to center . Headley tripled to deep center , Denorfia scored . Alonso struck out swinging . Maybin flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Marquis pitching for Padres . Bloomquist singled to center . Hill doubled to deep left , Bloomquist to third . Upton grounded out to third . Kubel homered to right ( 395 feet ) , Bloomquist and Hill scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero singled to deep right . Young struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Baker flied out to left . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Roberts singled to left . Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher , Roberts to second . Bloomquist singled to center , Roberts to third . Hill flied out to left . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Marquis popped out to shortstop . Denorfia singled to left . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Denorfia out at second . Headley walked , Amarista to second . Alonso singled to right , Amarista scored , Headley to third . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alonso out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Marquis pitching for Padres . Kubel struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Montero walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe singled to left . Baker popped out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Forsythe out at second . Marquis doubled to right , Cabrera scored , Marquis out stretching at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Roberts struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out looking . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to second . Headley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Hill grounded out to third . Upton flied out to center . Kubel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso grounded out to second . Maybin struck out swinging . Forsythe singled to center . Baker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Montero flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Marquis flied out to center . Denorfia singled to right . Denorfia stole second . Amarista singled to center , Denorfia scored , Amarista to second advancing on throw . Headley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Marquis pitching for Padres . Roberts grounded out to third . Parra hit for Kennedy . Parra singled to right . Parra stole second . Bloomquist singled to left center , Parra scored . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Bloomquist stole second . Hill struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso fouled out to left . Maybin struck out swinging . Forsythe hit by pitch . Grandal hit for Baker . Grandal homered to right center ( 381 feet ) , Forsythe scored . Cabrera walked . Kotsay hit for Gregerson . Kotsay popped out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Grandal catching . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Kubel walked . Thayer pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Montero struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia doubled to right . Amarista sacrificed to third , Denorfia to third , Amarista safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Shaw . Denorfia scored on throwing error by pitcher Shaw . Headley grounded out to second , Amarista to third . Alonso doubled to deep right center , Amarista scored . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew hit for Shaw . Drew doubled to deep right , Roberts scored . Street pitching for Padres . Bloomquist flied out to center , Drew to third . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Drew scored . Upton popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 8 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Late homer lifts streaking Padres over D - backs