Padres - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Denorfia flied out to right . Forsythe singled to left . Headley homered to left ( 373 feet ) , Forsythe scored . Quentin doubled to deep center . Grandal struck out swinging . Guzman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Padres . Fowler struck out swinging . Rutledge walked . Gonzalez lined out to third . Pacheco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Amarista reached on infield single to second . Kelly sacrificed to pitcher , Amarista to second . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Padres . Colvin grounded out to first . Nelson grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Forsythe hit by pitch . Forsythe stole second . Headley singled to center , Forsythe scored . Quentin singled to center , Headley to second . Grandal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quentin out at second , Headley to third . Guzman popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Padres . Herrera walked . Francis sacrificed to first , Herrera to second . Fowler singled to center , Herrera scored . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at second . Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left center , Rutledge to third . Pacheco doubled to left , Rutledge and Gonzalez scored . Colvin homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Pacheco scored . Nelson safe at first on error by second baseman Amarista . Hernandez homered to left ( 454 feet ) , Nelson scored . Herrera doubled to right center . Francis grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Maybin reached on infield single to third . Amarista singled to left , Maybin to second , Maybin to third , Amarista to second on error by left fielder Gonzalez . Kelly struck out swinging . Denorfia singled to left center , Maybin scored , Amarista to third , Denorfia to second advancing on throw . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley singled to left center , Amarista and Denorfia scored . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Headley stole second . Quentin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Padres . Fowler flied out to left . Rutledge struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Guzman singled to left center . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guzman out at second . Maybin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Amarista batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Padres . Pacheco flied out to right . Colvin struck out swinging . Nelson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Amarista doubled to deep right center . Kelly bunt popped out foul to third . Denorfia flied out to center . Forsythe singled to left center , Amarista scored , Forsythe to second advancing on throw . Headley singled to left , Forsythe scored . Quentin flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Padres . Hernandez singled to center . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez out at second . Ottavino struck out bunting foul . Fowler singled to center , Herrera to third . Vincent pitching for Padres . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Grandal singled to left . Guzman struck out swinging . Maybin singled to center , Grandal to second . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Amarista singled to center , Grandal scored , Maybin to third . Alonso hit for Vincent . Maybin out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Amarista to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Alonso walked . Moscoso pitching for Rockies . Denorfia lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Layne pitching for Padres . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Pacheco singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Colvin sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Pacheco to second . Brach pitching for Padres . Nelson homered to center ( 448 feet ) , Gonzalez and Pacheco scored . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley lined out to center . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Blackmon hit for Belisle . Brach pitching for Padres . Blackmon walked . Fowler singled to center , Blackmon scored . Fowler to second on wild pitch by Brach . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop , Fowler to third . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Pacheco intentionally walked . Brown hit for Colvin . Burns pitching for Padres . Giambi hit for Brown . Giambi grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 9th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Blackmon in right field . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Venable hit for Guzman . Venable flied out to left . Maybin singled to right . Maybin to second on fielder 's indifference . Amarista singled to left center , Maybin scored . Kotsay hit for Burns . Kotsay singled to right , Amarista to second . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Rockies 11 .	Nelson , Rockies overcome Headley 's 6 RBIs    \n\n