Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Werner pitching for Padres . Eaton grounded out to first . Hill walked . Kubel struck out swinging . Hill stole second , Hill safe at third on throwing error by catcher Baker . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Forsythe flied out to right . Headley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Werner pitching for Padres . Upton struck out swinging . Montero singled to right . Johnson singled to left , Montero to second . McDonald grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin doubled to deep left . Guzman walked . Maybin doubled to left , Quentin scored , Guzman to third . Parrino hit sacrifice fly to left , Guzman scored , Maybin to third . Baker struck out swinging . Werner grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Werner pitching for Padres . Corbin struck out looking . Eaton doubled to left . Hill walked . Eaton stole third , Hill stole second . Kubel grounded out to first , Eaton scored , Hill to third . Goldschmidt walked . Upton struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Forsythe flied out to right . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Werner pitching for Padres . Montero struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . McDonald popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin grounded out to second . Guzman singled to center . Maybin grounded into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Werner pitching for Padres . Corbin grounded out to second . Eaton grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parrino reached on infield single to shortstop . Baker flied into double play , center to first , Parrino doubled off first . Werner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Werner pitching for Padres . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Forsythe singled to center . Headley flied out to right . Quentin walked , Forsythe to second . Albers pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso hit for Guzman . Alonso flied out to center . Maybin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Alonso at first base . Werner pitching for Padres . Montero fouled out to third . Johnson singled to left . Brach pitching for Padres . McDonald flied out to center . Wheeler hit for Albers . Wheeler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Parrino flied out to right . Baker walked . Grandal hit for Brach . Saito pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal struck out swinging . Denorfia safe at first on error by second baseman Hill , Baker to second . Forsythe walked , Baker to third , Denorfia to second . Headley homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Baker , Denorfia and Forsythe scored . Quentin homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso flied out to left . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Layne pitching for Padres . Eaton reached on infield single to catcher . Hill walked , Eaton to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Boxberger pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin singled to center . Parrino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maybin out at second . Baker flied out to left . Amarista hit for Boxberger . Amarista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bass pitching for Padres . Montero singled to center . Johnson walked , Montero to second . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second , Montero to third . Parra hit for Bergesen . Parra grounded out to second , Montero scored , McDonald to second . Eaton walked . Hill popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Padres 8 .	Headley 's slam powers Padres past D - backs