Padres - Top 1st . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia grounded out to pitcher . Forsythe flied out to right . Headley walked . Grandal singled to deep center , Headley to third . Guzman homered to left center ( 372 feet ) , Headley and Grandal scored . Alonso singled to right . Maybin flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Eaton bunt grounded out to first . Hill homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Upton singled to deep left . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , second to first , Upton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Parrino walked . Richard bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parrino out at second . Denorfia flied out to left . Forsythe doubled to deep center , Richard scored . Headley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Montero singled to shallow left . Johnson flied out to center . Ransom flied out to center . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Alonso singled to left center . Maybin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Skaggs struck out swinging . Eaton struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Parrino reached on infield single to shortstop . Richard sacrificed to pitcher , Parrino to second . Denorfia grounded out to third . Forsythe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Upton doubled to deep center . Goldschmidt walked . Montero lined into double play , pitcher to first , Goldschmidt out at first . Johnson singled to left , Upton scored . Ransom grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley struck out looking . Grandal singled to left center . Guzman walked , Grandal to second . Alonso flied out to left . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Elmore hit for Skaggs . Elmore grounded out to shortstop . Eaton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Parrino singled to center . Richard sacrificed to pitcher , Parrino to second . Denorfia doubled to right , Parrino scored . Forsythe flied out to center . Headley doubled to deep left center , Denorfia scored . Grandal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Upton tripled to right . Goldschmidt singled to deep right , Upton scored . Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Richard . Montero grounded out to third . Johnson singled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Ransom grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Guzman grounded out to second . Alonso walked . Maybin doubled to deep right , Alonso to third . Parrino intentionally walked . Kotsay hit for Richard . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Parrino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Brach pitching for Padres . Pollock grounded out to third . Parra hit for Shaw . Parra struck out swinging . Eaton homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Hill flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia struck out swinging . Forsythe grounded out to third . Headley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Upton flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Montero popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Albers pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal grounded out to first . Venable lined out to right . Alonso grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Johnson singled to left . Wheeler hit for Ransom . Wheeler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson safe at second on error by second baseman Forsythe . Graham ran for Wheeler . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Kubel hit for Pollock . Kubel walked , Johnson to third , Graham to second . Young hit for Albers . Vincent pitching for Padres . Jacobs hit for Young . Jacobs fouled out to third . Layne pitching for Padres . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at home , Graham to third , Kubel to second . Bass pitching for Padres . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Padres 6 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Richard , Padres effective in edging D - backs