Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cosart pitching for Padres. Pollock fouled out to second. Peralta grounded out to catcher. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot flied out to right. Myers struck out looking. Solarte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cosart pitching for Padres. Lamb grounded out to third. Tomás grounded out to third. Drury lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf struck out swinging. Renfroe struck out swinging. Hedges grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cosart pitching for Padres. Owings flied out to right. Iannetta grounded out to third. Miller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Aybar walked. Jankowski singled to right, Aybar to second. Cosart bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Aybar out at third, Jankowski to second. Margot flied out to right, Jankowski to third. Myers singled to center, Jankowski scored, Cosart to second. Solarte popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cosart pitching for Padres. Pollock lined out to left. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked, Peralta to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Tomás reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta to third, Goldschmidt to second. Drury walked, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to third, Tomás to second. Stammen pitching for Padres. Owings safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Stammen, Goldschmidt and Tomás scored, Drury to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf walked. Renfroe flied out to right. Hedges grounded into double play, third to second to first, Schimpf out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Miller flied out to right. Pollock walked. Peralta flied out to center. Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb singled to center, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás homered to left (380 feet), Goldschmidt and Lamb scored. Drury popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Aybar grounded out to first. Jankowski lined out to center. Sardiñas hit for Stammen. Sardiñas lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Padres. Owings grounded out to third. Iannetta popped out to first. Miller walked. Pollock reached on infield single to third, Miller to second. Peralta singled to center, Miller to third, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot grounded out to third. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Córdoba at second base. Lee pitching for Padres. Lamb struck out swinging. Tomás safe at first on error by pitcher Lee. Drury struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Schimpf grounded out to first. Renfroe singled to left. Hedges grounded out to third, Renfroe to second. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Torrens catching. Lee pitching for Padres. Iannetta homered to right center (409 feet). Miller walked. Pollock reached on infield single to third, Miller to second, Miller to third on throwing error by third baseman Schimpf. Hazelbaker ran for Pollock. Peralta flied out to left. Goldschmidt walked, Hazelbaker to second. Herrmann ran for Goldschmidt. Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center, Miller scored, Hazelbaker to third. Bethancourt pitching for Padres. Tomás struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hazelbaker in center field. Herrmann at first base. Ahmed at shortstop. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Jankowski doubled to left. Bethancourt struck out swinging. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Margot lined out to right. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Sánchez at first base. Bethancourt pitching for Padres. Drury popped out to shortstop. Ahmed safe at first on error by first baseman Sánchez. Iannetta struck out swinging. Descalso hit for Delgado. Descalso walked, Ahmed to second. Hazelbaker tripled to right, Ahmed and Descalso scored. Peralta walked. Córdoba at shortstop. Aybar pitching for Padres. Bethancourt at second base. Herrmann grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 9th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso at third base. Córdoba singled to center. Schimpf flied out to left. Renfroe singled to right, Córdoba to second. Torrens singled to center, Córdoba scored, Renfroe to second. Aybar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Torrens out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 11 - Padres 2.	Tomas, Miller lead Diamondbacks to 11-2 win over Padres