Tigers - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Romine walked. Iglesias struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out looking. Romine to second on wild pitch by Ray. Castellanos singled to left, Romine scored. Upton walked, Castellanos to second. Mahtook lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pollock struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Lamb walked, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann homered to center (414 feet). Machado struck out swinging. Verlander struck out swinging. Romine lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Drury lined out to right. Owings singled to right. Mathis struck out swinging. Ray struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Iglesias grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pollock doubled to right. Peralta grounded out to pitcher, Pollock to third. Goldschmidt singled to right, Pollock scored. Lamb flied out to left, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás singled to left, Goldschmidt scored, Tomás to second advancing on throw. Drury hit ground rule double to deep right center, Tomás scored. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton lined out to right. Mahtook flied out to right. McCann walked. Machado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Mathis flied out to right. Ray grounded out to shortstop. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Verlander struck out swinging. Romine walked. Iglesias singled to shallow right, Romine to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Romine scored, Iglesias to third. Castellanos walked. Upton struck out swinging. Mahtook singled to shallow center, Iglesias and Cabrera scored, Castellanos to second, Castellanos thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann grounded out to pitcher. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Verlander struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Tomás flied out to center. Drury doubled to deep right center. Owings flied out to right, Drury to third. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Romine grounded out to shortstop. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrmann catching. Iglesias lined out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Herrmann walked. Pollock singled to left center, Herrmann to second. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Peralta flied out to left. Greene pitching for Tigers. Goldschmidt flied out to center, Herrmann to third, Pollock to second. Lamb intentionally walked. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Castellanos grounded out to third. Upton homered to center (448 feet). Mahtook struck out looking. McCann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Drury flied out to center. Owings reached on infield single to second. Descalso hit for Wilhelmsen. Owings to second on wild pitch by Wilson. Descalso struck out swinging. Herrmann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado singled to shallow center. Martínez hit for Wilson. Martínez singled to right, Machado to second. Collins ran for Martínez. Romine sacrificed to first, Machado to third, Collins to second. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera intentionally walked. Castellanos walked, Machado scored, Collins to third, Cabrera to second. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Diamondbacks 3.	Upton, McCann hit HRs; Tigers beat D-backs 7-3