White Sox - Top 1st. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Sánchez struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to second. Abreu singled to center. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Blanco lined out to first. Ahmed struck out looking. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. García grounded out to pitcher. Anderson struck out swinging. García homered to right (374 feet). Smith grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Owings flied out to center. Descalso struck out swinging. Drury struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintana grounded out to second. Sánchez flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Lamb struck out swinging. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Abreu doubled to center. Abreu to third on passed ball by Iannetta. Frazier walked. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu scored, Frazier out at second. Anderson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Blanco bunt grounded out to pitcher. Ahmed doubled to left. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Ahmed scored. Owings singled to right, Goldschmidt scored, Owings thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Descalso struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. García struck out swinging. Smith singled to right. Quintana struck out looking. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Drury hit by pitch. Lamb homered to left (374 feet), Drury scored. Iannetta struck out swinging. Peralta hit for Chafin. Peralta singled to left. Blanco doubled to left, Peralta to third. Ahmed singled to center, Peralta and Blanco scored. Ahmed stole second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Ahmed to third. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Owings hit sacrifice fly to left, Ahmed scored. Descalso singled to right center, Goldschmidt to third. Drury singled to right, Goldschmidt scored, Descalso to third, Drury out stretching at second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to left. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Abreu homered to right center (405 feet), Cabrera scored. Frazier walked. García grounded into double play, third to second to first, Frazier out at second. Anderson reached on infield single to second, Anderson to second on throwing error by second baseman Drury. García grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Lamb flied out to left. Iannetta walked. Herrmann hit for Wilhelmsen. Herrmann lined out to center. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith singled to right. Davidson hit for Swarzak. Davidson singled to right, Smith to second. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Davidson out at second, Smith to third. Cabrera grounded out to second, Smith scored, Sánchez to second. Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks. Abreu singled to center, Sánchez scored. Frazier struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Ahmed struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks. García struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. García singled to left. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Narváez catching. Descalso struck out swinging. Drury struck out looking. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Blanco in left field. Fuentes in center field. Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks. Narváez lined out to left. Sánchez flied out to center. Cabrera walked. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Diamondbacks 8.	Lamb homers, D-backs complete sweep of White Sox 8-6