Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Blanco struck out looking. Ahmed struck out swinging. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Broxton tripled to right. Santana walked. Aguilar walked, Santana to second. Shaw flied out to center. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Broxton scored, Aguilar out at second, Santana to third. Piña doubled to left, Santana scored, Pérez to third. Villar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Herrmann lined out to third. Drury reached on infield single to second. Iannetta popped out to shortstop. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia popped out to second. Nelson singled to left. Broxton struck out swinging. Santana lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Corbin struck out looking. Blanco struck out swinging. Ahmed reached on infield single to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Aguilar grounded out to second. Shaw singled to left center. Pérez grounded out to pitcher, Shaw to second. Piña struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Lamb struck out swinging. Herrmann struck out swinging. Drury reached on infield single to third. Iannetta doubled to deep left, Drury scored. Descalso grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Villar singled to center. Arcia singled to right, Villar to second. Nelson grounded out to third, Villar to third, Arcia to second. Broxton walked. Santana homered to right center (416 feet), Villar, Arcia and Broxton scored. Aguilar singled to right. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aguilar out at second. Pérez flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Corbin struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to left. Ahmed lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Piña singled to left. Villar reached on infield single to shortstop, Piña to second. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia singled to right, Piña to third, Villar to second. Nelson grounded out to third, Piña scored, Villar to third, Arcia to second. Broxton struck out swinging. Santana flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Peralta flied out to left. Lamb struck out swinging. Herrmann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Aguilar singled to right. Shaw lined out to left. Pérez struck out swinging. Piña singled to right, Aguilar to second, Aguilar scored, Piña to third on error by right fielder Peralta. Villar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Drury singled to shallow right. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Drury out at second. Descalso doubled to right. McFarland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Arcia lined out to right. Franklin hit for Nelson. Franklin grounded out to shortstop. Broxton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Drake pitching for Brewers. Blanco walked. Ahmed doubled to left, Blanco scored. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop, Ahmed to third. Lamb singled to left, Ahmed scored, Peralta to second. Herrmann walked, Peralta to third, Lamb to second. Torres pitching for Brewers. Drury hit sacrifice fly to center, Peralta scored, Lamb to third. Iannetta flied out to left. Descalso doubled to deep right, Lamb scored, Herrmann to third. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Goldschmidt hit for McFarland. Goldschmidt lined out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana doubled to deep center. Aguilar struck out swinging. Shaw hit ground rule double to deep right center, Santana scored. Pérez flied out to left. Piña struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Blanco struck out swinging. Ahmed popped out to second. Peralta lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Brewers 9.	Santana hits first career slam as Brewers beat D'Backs 9-5