Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Descalso grounded out to second. Peralta singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb walked, Peralta to second. Owings fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. Altherr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Drury grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta grounded out to pitcher. Fuentes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Joseph struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to third. Saunders grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Godley popped out to first. Descalso walked. Peralta flied out to left. Goldschmidt singled to left, Descalso to second. Lamb singled to shallow center, Descalso scored, Goldschmidt to third, Lamb to second advancing on throw. Owings fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Knapp singled to center. Galvis flied out to center. Eickhoff struck out swinging. Herrera singled to center, Knapp to second. Knapp to third, Herrera to second on wild pitch by Godley. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Drury lined out to shortstop. Iannetta struck out swinging. Fuentes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Altherr flied out to center. Joseph walked. Franco popped out to second. Saunders singled to center, Joseph to second. Knapp walked, Joseph to third, Saunders to second. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Godley popped out to second. Descalso doubled to right. Peralta grounded out to first, Descalso to third. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Eickhoff struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop. Altherr lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Lamb walked. Owings singled to left, Lamb to second. Drury grounded out to shortstop, Lamb to third, Owings to second. Iannetta flied out to left, Lamb out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Joseph struck out swinging. Franco walked. Saunders doubled to right, Franco to third. Knapp hit sacrifice fly to center, Franco scored, Saunders to third. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis walked. Nava hit for Eickhoff. Nava lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Fuentes singled to left center. De La Rosa sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Fuentes to second. Descalso singled to right, Fuentes scored, De La Rosa to second. Fien pitching for Phillies. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, De La Rosa and Descalso scored. Lamb intentionally walked. Owings fouled out to catcher. Drury singled to center, Goldschmidt scored, Lamb to third, Drury to second advancing on throw. Iannetta grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded out to second. Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick singled to right. Altherr flied out to right. Joseph singled to right, Kendrick to third. Franco walked, Joseph to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Saunders lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Fuentes struck out swinging. Hazelbaker hit for Chafin. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. Descalso struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hazelbaker in left field. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Knapp grounded out to second. Galvis singled to left. Blanco hit for Morgan. Blanco grounded out to second, Galvis to second. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. García pitching for Phillies. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick lined out to left. Altherr singled to right. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to second, Altherr out at second. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Phillies 1.	Goldschmidt leads Arizona over Phils 5-1 for 6th win in row