Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Blanco grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu singled to right. Arenado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Lamb doubled to right. Drury grounded out to shortstop, Lamb to third. Descalso grounded out to second. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds homered to right center (420 feet). González doubled to deep right center. Desmond grounded out to pitcher. Story struck out swinging. Wolters intentionally walked. Hoffman struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Ahmed flied out to right. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hoffman pitching for Rockies. Peralta singled to right. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Peralta to third. Lamb struck out swinging. Drury doubled to center, Peralta and Goldschmidt scored. Descalso grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta doubled to deep right, Drury scored. Ahmed intentionally walked. Walker singled to right center, Iannetta scored, Ahmed to second, Ahmed scored on error by center fielder Blackmon. Blanco walked, Walker to second. Peralta singled to left center, Walker scored, Blanco to third. Goldschmidt singled to center, Blanco scored, Peralta to third. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Lamb doubled to deep center, Peralta and Goldschmidt scored. Drury singled to center, Lamb scored. Descalso lined out to second. 10 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds doubled to deep right. González grounded out to first, Reynolds to third. Desmond struck out swinging. Story flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Iannetta grounded out to first. Ahmed flied out to center. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Wolters struck out looking. Lyles struck out swinging. Blackmon walked. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to second. Arenado doubled to deep center, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Reynolds walked. Arenado to third, Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Walker. González struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Blanco singled to center. Peralta singled to left, Blanco to second. Goldschmidt singled to shallow center, Blanco scored, Peralta to third. Lamb struck out swinging. Drury singled to right, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to second. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drury out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Walker pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond struck out swinging. Story grounded out to pitcher. Wolters walked. Amarista hit for Lyles. Amarista lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Iannetta hit by pitch. Ahmed homered to right (370 feet), Iannetta scored. Fuentes hit for Walker. Fuentes grounded out to shortstop. Blanco singled to left. Peralta walked, Blanco to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Herrmann at first base. Descalso at third base. Fuentes in left field. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Tapia hit for Blackmon. Tapia tripled to deep right. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop, Tapia scored. Valaika hit for Arenado. Valaika grounded out to first. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Tapia in center field. Valaika at third base. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Drury flied out to right. Descalso lined out to right. Iannetta doubled to deep center. Ahmed grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. González struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Story struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Rockies. Fuentes reached on infield single to first. Blanco struck out swinging. Peralta singled to right, Fuentes to second. Herrmann flied out to left. Hazelbaker hit for Delgado. Hazelbaker walked, Fuentes to third, Peralta to second. Drury singled to shallow center, Fuentes and Peralta scored, Hazelbaker to third. Descalso struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hazelbaker in right field. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Wolters flied out to center. Murphy hit for Dunn. Murphy safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso. Tapia grounded out to second, Murphy to second. LeMahieu singled to center, Murphy scored. Valaika grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 16 - Rockies 5.	D-backs' 10-run 4th keys 16-5 win over Rockies