Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Braves. Pollock grounded out to catcher. Peralta struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked. Owings lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Inciarte singled to left center. Phillips doubled to deep center, Inciarte scored. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to center. Markakis lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Braves. Lamb struck out swinging. Marte lined out to center. Descalso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams struck out swinging, Adams safe at first on wild pitch by Godley. Flowers grounded out to shortstop, Adams to second. Swanson reached on infield single to shortstop, Adams scored, Swanson to second on throwing error by shortstop Marte. García grounded out to second, Swanson to third. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Braves. Mathis fouled out to first. Godley struck out swinging. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips doubled to deep left. Freeman walked. Kemp homered to left center (398 feet), Phillips and Freeman scored. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Adams homered to right center (395 feet). Flowers struck out swinging. Swanson lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Braves. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher, Peralta to second on throwing error by pitcher García. Goldschmidt singled to right, Peralta scored. Owings lined out to third. Lamb struck out looking. Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by García. Marte walked. Descalso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. García struck out swinging. Inciarte doubled to shallow right. Inciarte to third on wild pitch by Godley. Phillips doubled to deep right, Inciarte scored. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Braves. Mathis walked. Godley struck out bunting foul. Pollock bunt popped out to pitcher. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis struck out swinging. Adams struck out swinging. Flowers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Braves. Goldschmidt singled to shallow center. Owings struck out swinging. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Swanson struck out swinging. García flied out to right. Inciarte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Braves. Descalso lined out to right. Mathis singled to left. Drury hit for Godley. Drury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mathis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips hit by pitch. Freeman flied out to left. Kemp grounded out to second, Phillips to second. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Pollock flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams struck out swinging. Flowers grounded out to second. Swanson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Freeman at first base. Camargo at third base. Morris pitching for Braves. Owings struck out swinging. Lamb struck out swinging. Marte lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Braves 7.	Kemp 3-run HR, Phillips 3 doubles, Braves beat Arizona 7-1