Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Astros. Peralta struck out looking. Pollock singled to left. Pollock caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lamb grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Springer singled to left. Bregman flied out to right. Altuve flied out to right. Springer caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Gurriel batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt singled to center. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. González fouled out to first. Beltrán grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Marte walked. Herrmann walked. Mathis singled to right, Marte scored, Herrmann to second. Peralta fouled out to third. Pollock struck out looking. Lamb struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis grounded out to third. Stassi grounded out to third. Marisnick singled to left. Springer safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Marte, Marisnick to third. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Descalso inside-the-park home run to deep center (416 feet). Marte tripled to deep right. Herrmann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve struck out swinging. Gurriel popped out to first. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Mathis struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to right. Pollock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltrán struck out swinging. Davis safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb, Davis to second on throwing error by shortstop Marte. Stassi grounded into double play, third to first to shortstop, Davis out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Lamb homered to right center (418 feet). Goldschmidt grounded out to third. Martinez singled to right. Liriano pitching for Astros. Descalso grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Marisnick reached on bunt single to pitcher. Springer walked, Marisnick to second. Bregman flied out to left. Marisnick to third, Springer to second on wild pitch by Corbin. Altuve struck out swinging. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Astros. Marte singled to center. Herrmann flied out to center. Mathis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Blanco in left field. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. González fouled out to third. Beltrán fouled out to first. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Astros. Peralta singled to right center. Martes pitching for Astros. Pollock singled to right, Peralta to second. Lamb struck out swinging, Peralta scored, Pollock to second on wild pitch by Martes. Pollock to second on throwing error by catcher Stassi. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Martinez grounded into double play, third to first, Pollock out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 8th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Stassi flied out to center. Marisnick struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Descalso struck out swinging. Marte lined out to center. Blanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Bregman grounded out to third. Altuve grounded out to third. Gurriel doubled to left. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. González struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Astros 0.	Corbin goes 8 2/3 innings, Diamondbacks beat Astros 4-0