Giants - Top 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence singled to center. Pence to second on wild pitch by Godley. Panik grounded out to first, Pence to third. Span struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Blanco walked. Negrón struck out swinging. Drury doubled to left, Blanco scored. Walker flied out to right. Fuentes lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford singled to right. Sandoval grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crawford out at second. Parker doubled to deep right. Hundley intentionally walked. Cueto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Rosales struck out swinging. Hazelbaker tripled to right center. Murphy lined into double play, shortstop to third, Hazelbaker doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence lined out to second. Panik grounded out to second. Span lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Godley struck out swinging. Blanco walked. Negrón struck out swinging. Blanco stole second. Drury singled to left center, Blanco scored, Drury to second advancing on throw. Walker hit by pitch. Fuentes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey singled to center. Crawford walked, Posey to second. Sandoval struck out swinging. Parker doubled to deep left, Posey scored, Crawford to third. Hundley homered to left (381 feet), Crawford and Parker scored. Cueto struck out swinging. Pence homered to right (363 feet). Panik grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Rosales flied out to right. Hazelbaker struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Span singled to center. Posey walked. Crawford struck out swinging. Sandoval safe at first on error by first baseman Walker, Span scored, Posey to third. Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks. Parker struck out swinging. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sandoval out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Vargas hit for Bracho. Cueto pitching for Giants. Vargas struck out swinging. Blanco popped out to shortstop. Negrón singled to right. Drury lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Vargas at second base. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Cueto struck out looking. Pence struck out swinging. Panik grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Walker struck out swinging. Fuentes singled to right. Rosales grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fuentes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Banda pitching for Diamondbacks. Span grounded out to shortstop. Posey singled to center. Crawford grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Osich pitching for Giants. Hazelbaker reached on infield single to pitcher. Law pitching for Giants. Murphy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hazelbaker out at second. Vargas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval walked. Tomlinson ran for Sandoval. Parker singled to center, Tomlinson to second, Tomlinson to third on error by center fielder Fuentes. Hundley singled to deep center, Tomlinson scored, Parker to third. Williamson hit for Law. Williamson struck out swinging. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Parker scored, Hundley safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Barrett. Panik hit sacrifice fly to right, Hundley scored, Pence out at third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Tomlinson at third base. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Blanco grounded out to first. Negrón grounded out to third. Marte hit for Barrett. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Span grounded out to second. Posey flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Federowicz catching. Suárez pitching for Giants. Walker walked. Fuentes singled to right, Walker to second. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fuentes out at second, Walker to third. Hazelbaker struck out looking. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rosales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Diamondbacks 2.	Hundley, Cueto lead Giants past Diamondbacks