Blue Jays - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Pillar bunt popped out to first. Barney walked. Bautista struck out swinging. Morales singled to deep right, Barney to third. Smoak singled to center, Barney scored, Morales to second. Pearce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar grounded out to second. Calhoun struck out looking. Trout safe at first on error by third baseman Barney. Pujols singled to left, Trout to second. Cron singled to center, Trout scored, Pujols to second. Simmons grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Travis singled to right. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Goins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Travis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Maybin singled to left. Maybin stole second. Espinosa struck out swinging. Graterol grounded out to shortstop, Maybin to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Pillar popped out to second. Barney struck out looking. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Calhoun walked. Trout hit ground rule double to left, Calhoun to third. Pujols popped out to second. Cron walked. Simmons homered to left center (397 feet), Calhoun, Trout and Cron scored. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Smoak walked. Pearce singled to left, Smoak to second. Travis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pearce out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Graterol singled to shallow center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graterol out at second. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar out at second. Trout lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Goins flied out to left. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Pujols fouled out to right. Cron grounded out to third. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Barney singled to left. Bautista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Barney out at second. Morales singled to left. Smoak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Maybin struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded out to first. Graterol grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Pearce grounded out to second. Travis grounded out to third. Saltalamacchia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Lawrence pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar grounded out to third. Calhoun singled to deep right. Trout doubled to deep left, Calhoun to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Campos pitching for Blue Jays. Cron grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Goins doubled to right. Yates pitching for Angels. Pillar homered to left (408 feet), Goins scored. Coghlan hit for Barney. Coghlan flied out to center. Bautista flied out to right. Morales struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Coghlan at third base. Enrique Campos pitching for Blue Jays. Simmons singled to left. Maybin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Simmons out at second. Espinosa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Angels. Smoak homered to right (386 feet). Norris pitching for Angels. Carrera hit for Pearce. Carrera singled to right. Travis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carrera out at second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Angels 5.	Simmons belts grand slam to lead Angels past Blue Jays 5-4