Blue Jays - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Pillar struck out looking. Carrera struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Fowler hit ground rule double to deep right. Díaz struck out looking. Piscotty flied out to center, Fowler to third. Gyorko singled to center, Fowler scored. Molina lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Morales grounded out to pitcher. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Adams struck out swinging. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. Wong struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Barney lined out to right. Goins hit ground rule double to left. Estrada struck out looking. Pillar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Wacha struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to second. Díaz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Carrera reached on infield single to first. Bautista singled to right, Carrera to third, Carrera scored, Bautista to third on throwing error by right fielder Piscotty. Morales grounded out to third, Bautista scored. Martin reached on infield single to second. Saltalamacchia fouled out to right. Barney singled to right, Martin to second. Goins walked, Martin to third, Barney to second. Estrada struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Piscotty hit ground rule double to deep center. Gyorko doubled to deep right, Piscotty to third. Molina singled to center, Piscotty scored, Gyorko to third. Adams walked, Molina to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. Wong grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Adams out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Pillar grounded out to second. Carrera grounded out to first. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Wacha struck out swinging. Fowler fouled out to third. Díaz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Morales grounded out to first. Martin hit by pitch. Martin to second on wild pitch by Wacha. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Piscotty doubled to deep right. Gyorko struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Martínez at first base. Goins struck out swinging. Coghlan hit for Estrada. Coghlan walked. Pillar tripled to deep right, Coghlan scored. Carrera safe at first on error by third baseman Gyorko, Pillar scored. Bautista struck out looking. Morales grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Grichuk struck out swinging. Wong reached on infield single to shortstop. Martínez homered to center (380 feet), Wong scored. Fowler struck out swinging. Díaz flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Martin struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Barney singled to center. Goins reached on infield single to shortstop, Barney to second. Smoak hit for Biagini. Smoak flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Blue Jays. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko reached on infield single to first. Molina singled to left, Gyorko to second. Garcia hit for Siegrist. Garcia grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Pillar walked. Pearce hit for Carrera. Pearce struck out swinging. Bautista singled to left, Pillar scored. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Pearce in left field. Martin catching. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Barney at third base. Travis at second base. Grichuk singled to right. Wong sacrificed to pitcher, Grichuk to second. Martínez grounded out to second, Grichuk to third. Fowler reached on infield single to shortstop, Grichuk scored. Díaz lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Martin flied out to center. Travis grounded out to shortstop. Barney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Grilli pitching for Blue Jays. Piscotty struck out looking. Gyorko struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 11th. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Goins lined out to center. Stroman hit for Grilli. Stroman doubled to left. Pillar popped out to second. Pearce safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Díaz, Stroman scored. Bautista flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Fryer hit for Socolovich. Fryer singled to right. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fryer out at second. Grichuk to second on passed ball by Martin. Wong struck out swinging. Martínez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Cardinals 5.	Coghlan's leap, Stroman's hit lift Blue Jays over Cards 6-5