Indians - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Santana flied out to center. Lindor grounded out to second. Kipnis lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Pillar grounded out to second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Morales walked. Smoak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Encarnación reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez singled to right, Encarnación to second. Chisenhall lined out to left. Díaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Pearce struck out looking. Travis doubled to deep right. Barney grounded out to pitcher. Goins homered to right (413 feet), Travis scored. Maile flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Almonte grounded out to first. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Pillar walked. Bautista popped out to third. Morales doubled to right, Pillar to third. Smoak singled to right, Pillar and Morales scored, Smoak thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Pearce lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Lindor singled to left. Kipnis lined out to shortstop. Encarnación singled to left, Lindor to third. Ramírez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnación out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Travis struck out looking. Barney singled to center. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Barney out at second. Maile singled to right, Goins to third. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall singled to shallow center. Díaz walked, Chisenhall to second. Chisenhall to third on passed ball by Maile. Almonte popped out to shortstop. Pérez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Díaz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Bautista walked. Morales lined out to left. Smoak grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Santana doubled to deep left. Lindor flied out to left. Kipnis grounded out to first, Santana to third. Encarnación walked. Ramírez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Pearce grounded out to second. Travis struck out looking. Barney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Carrera in left field. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall flied out to left. Díaz struck out looking. Almonte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Goins walked. Maile grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goins out at second. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Pérez walked. Santana doubled to deep right, Pérez to third. Smith pitching for Blue Jays. Lindor singled to shallow right, Pérez and Santana scored. Lindor to second on interference error by second baseman Travis.. Kipnis grounded out to first, Lindor to third. Encarnación struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Bautista struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Smoak to second on wild pitch by McAllister. Carrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Díaz grounded out to second. Almonte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Blue Jays 4.	Stroman, Pillar lead Jays past Indians 4-2 in ALCS rematch