Astros - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Springer singled to shallow right center. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Springer to second. Reddick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Altuve out at second, Springer to third. Correa homered to center (397 feet), Springer scored. González walked. González stole second. Beltrán grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Bautista grounded out to second. Donaldson singled to right center. Smoak grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis walked. Bregman grounded out to pitcher, Gattis to second. Aoki walked. Springer homered to right (396 feet), Gattis and Aoki scored. Altuve singled to left. Reddick walked, Altuve to second. Correa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altuve to third, Reddick safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. González grounded out to second, Altuve scored, Reddick to third, Correa to second. Beltrán reached on infield single to second, Reddick scored, Correa to third. Gattis doubled to center, Correa scored, Beltrán to third. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. Morales struck out swinging. Pearce singled to right center, Pearce out stretching at second. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third. Montero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Aoki popped out to third. Springer doubled to left center. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Springer to third. Reddick singled to right, Springer scored, Altuve to second. Correa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reddick out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Pillar grounded out to third. Goins flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. González struck out swinging. Beltrán grounded out to second. Gattis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Donaldson walked. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Bregman doubled to center. Aoki grounded out to second, Bregman to third. Springer hit sacrifice fly to center, Bregman scored. Altuve popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki homered to center (413 feet). Montero flied out to left. Pillar lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick walked. Correa struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. Beltrán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Astros. Goins fouled out to third. Bautista walked. Donaldson struck out looking. Smoak flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Carrera in right field. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis homered to left center (435 feet). Bregman grounded out to first. Aoki struck out swinging. Springer homered to right center (413 feet). Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Marisnick in right field. Reddick in center field. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Morales struck out swinging. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Barney at shortstop. Beliveau pitching for Blue Jays. Reddick struck out swinging. Correa doubled to center. González struck out swinging. Beltrán flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Montero struck out swinging. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Beliveau pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis flied out to center. Bregman lined out to center. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Martes pitching for Astros. Carrera homered to right (400 feet). Donaldson popped out to shortstop. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales singled to left. Pearce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 12 - Blue Jays 2.	Springer homers twice, ties high with 5 RBIs