Angels - Top 1st. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar struck out swinging. Trout singled to left. Pujols homered to center (393 feet), Trout scored. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. Simmons grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Angels. Carrera homered to right (372 feet). Martin grounded out to shortstop. Smoak walked. Morales struck out swinging. Pearce flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Valbuena singled to center. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valbuena out at second. Maldonado struck out swinging. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Angels. Montero grounded out to first. Goins singled to center. Pillar singled to shallow right, Goins to third. Refsnyder lined into double play, right to first, Pillar doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Valdez pitching for Blue Jays. Cowart tripled to deep right center. Escobar doubled to deep left, Cowart scored. Trout intentionally walked. Pujols singled to left, Escobar scored, Trout to second. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trout to third, Pujols safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Refsnyder. Simmons doubled to deep left, Trout and Pujols scored, Calhoun to third. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Robinson ran for Calhoun. Valbuena grounded out to first. Revere singled to left, Robinson scored, Simmons to third, Revere to second advancing on throw. Maldonado lined out to center. Cowart struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Robinson in right field. Chavez pitching for Angels. Carrera singled to center. Martin singled to left center, Carrera to third. Smoak singled to left, Carrera scored, Martin to third. Morales hit sacrifice fly to left, Martin scored. Pearce doubled to deep right center, Smoak to third. Montero grounded out to second, Smoak scored, Pearce to third. Goins grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar struck out looking. Trout singled to left. Pujols struck out swinging. Robinson singles on line drive to left fielder Pearce. Trout to 3rd. Robinson to 2nd on the throw. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Simmons flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Angels. Pillar lined out to right. Refsnyder grounded out to first. Carrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Valbuena walked. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valbuena out at second. Revere stole second. Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero. Maldonado hit sacrifice fly to left, Revere scored. Cowart reached on infield single to second. Escobar batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Angels. Martin walked. Smoak grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. Morales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Bolsinger pitching for Blue Jays. Trout struck out looking. Pujols homered to left center (436 feet). Robinson grounded out to third. Simmons singled to right. Valbuena flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Parker pitching for Angels. Pearce walked. Montero struck out swinging. Goins fouled out to second. Pillar fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Maldonado hit by pitch. Cowart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Maldonado out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Refsnyder walked. Refsnyder to second on passed ball by Maldonado. Carrera struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to second, Refsnyder to third. Smoak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Phillip Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar lined out to center. Trout walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Angels. Morales grounded out to second. Pearce lined out to right. Montero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Phillip Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop. Simmons fouled out to first. Robinson stole second. Robinson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero. Valbuena hit sacrifice fly to right, Robinson scored. Revere batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Pounders pitching for Angels. Goins walked. Pillar homered to left center (413 feet), Goins scored. Refsnyder hit ground rule double to left. Norris pitching for Angels. Carrera singled to center, Refsnyder to third. Martin reached on infield single to shortstop, Refsnyder scored, Carrera to second. Smoak grounded out to first, Carrera to third, Martin to second. Morales walked. Barney ran for Morales. Pearce homered to left (364 feet), Carrera, Martin and Barney scored. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Blue Jays 11.	Pearce powers Jays with another walk-off slam