Blue Jays - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Carrera struck out swinging. Donaldson homered to left center (481 feet). Smoak walked. Bautista walked, Smoak to second. Saunders lined out to left. Smoak to third, Bautista to second on passed ball by Castro. Pillar walked. Goins walked, Smoak scored, Bautista to third, Pillar to second. Lopez singled to right, Bautista and Pillar scored, Goins to second, Goins to third, Lopez to second advancing on throw. Ureña struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier popped out to second. Mauer flied out to left. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Carrera grounded out to first. Donaldson homered to left (370 feet). Smoak grounded out to first. Bautista walked. Saunders flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Rosario homered to left center (386 feet). Buxton homered to right center (389 feet). Kepler grounded out to first. Escobar singled to right. Castro singled to right, Escobar to third. Grossman walked, Castro to second. Dozier singled to left, Escobar scored, Castro to third, Grossman to second. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castro and Grossman scored on error by second baseman Goins, Dozier safe at third on error by second baseman Goins. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dozier scored, Mauer out at second. Rosario singled to center, Polanco to second. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Buxton doubled to left, Polanco scored, Rosario to third. Kepler lined out to first. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins grounded out to pitcher. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar walked. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. Grossman struck out looking. Dozier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Ureña struck out looking. Carrera struck out looking. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer doubled to deep left. Polanco flied out to right. Rosario lined out to center. Buxton walked. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Kepler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Smoak lined out to center. Bautista struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Rowley pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar singled to left center. Escobar stole second, Escobar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lopez. Castro singled to left, Escobar scored. Grossman singled to right, Castro to second. Dozier reached on bunt single to third, Castro to third, Grossman to second. Mauer homered to right (398 feet), Castro, Grossman and Dozier scored. Polanco flied out to center. Rosario homered to right (373 feet). Buxton struck out swinging. Kepler walked. Escobar struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins flied out to center. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Castro popped out to first. Grossman flied out to right. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Slegers pitching for Twins. Ureña grounded out to shortstop. Carrera doubled to deep right. Donaldson walked. Smoak doubled to deep center, Carrera scored, Donaldson to third. Bautista grounded out to shortstop, Donaldson scored. Boshers pitching for Twins. Hernández hit for Saunders. Hernández struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hernández in left field. Phillip Dermody pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer singled to center. Polanco struck out swinging. Rosario flied out to right. Buxton singled to left center, Mauer to second. Kepler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Boshers pitching for Twins. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Goins singled to center. Maile hit for Lopez. Pressly pitching for Twins. Maile struck out swinging. Ureña grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Maile catching. Campos pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to first. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Carrera lined out to right. Donaldson grounded out to third. Smoak popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Twins 13.	Rosario's 2 homers, Mauer's slam drive Twins over Jays 13-7