Dodgers - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Furcal singled to right . Martin walked , Furcal to second . Kemp grounded out to second , Furcal to third , Martin to second . Ramirez grounded out to third , Furcal scored . Blake doubled to deep left , Martin scored . Loney singled to left , Blake scored , Loney to second advancing on throw . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Fukudome grounded out to second . Theriot singled to center . Lee singled to left , Theriot to second . Soriano fouled out to first . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . DeWitt flied out to left . Billingsley walked . Furcal struck out swinging . Martin safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Fontenot , Billingsley to third . Kemp hit ground rule double to deep center , Billingsley and Martin scored . Ramirez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Fontenot doubled to left . Castro grounded out to third . Hill singled to right , Fontenot to third . Gorzelanny singled to left center , Fontenot scored , Hill to third . Fukudome struck out swinging . Theriot grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gorzelanny out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Blake safe at first on error by shortstop Castro . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Lee singled to center . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee safe at third on error by shortstop Furcal . Colvin walked , Soriano to second . Fontenot hit by pitch , Lee scored , Soriano to third , Colvin to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soriano out at home , Colvin to third , Fontenot to second . Hill struck out swinging . Gorzelanny grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . DeWitt walked . Billingsley struck out bunting foul . Furcal struck out looking . Martin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Fukudome struck out looking . Theriot singled to center . Lee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Theriot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Kemp grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to right . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Soriano struck out swinging . Colvin struck out looking . Fontenot doubled to right . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Loney tripled to right . Johnson doubled to left , Loney scored . DeWitt singled to left . Howry pitching for Cubs . Billingsley sacrificed to first , Johnson to third , DeWitt to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson scored , DeWitt safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Theriot , Furcal safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Theriot . Martin lined out to right . Kemp struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Hill grounded out to second . Nady hit for Howry . Nady homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Fukudome singled to left . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Theriot grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Fukudome out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Stevens pitching for Cubs . Ramirez grounded out to third . Blake struck out looking . Loney doubled to deep right . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Lee singled to right . Soriano doubled to left , Lee to third . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Byrd hit for Colvin . Byrd struck out swinging . Baker hit for Fontenot . Baker tripled to deep left center , Lee and Soriano scored . Castro struck out swinging . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Byrd in center field . Baker at third base . Soto catching . Russell pitching for Cubs . DeWitt singled to center . Kuo sacrificed to third , DeWitt to second . Furcal flied out to center . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Soto singled to left . Fukudome struck out swinging . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Theriot grounded into double play , second to first , Soto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Kemp struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . Blake homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Loney flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Carroll at second base . Johnson in left field . Paul in right field . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Lee flied out to center . Soriano struck out looking . Byrd flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Cubs 5 .	Dodgers light up Cubs