Dodgers - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Furcal flied out to center . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Ethier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop . Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Haeger . Frandsen grounded out to second , Kendrick to third . Abreu singled to center , Kendrick scored . Abreu caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hunter doubled to deep center . Hunter caught stealing third , catcher to third . Matsui batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Ramirez walked . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney flied out to left . Blake doubled to left , Ramirez to third . Martin walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Matsui walked . Napoli struck out swinging . Mathis walked , Matsui to second . Willits flied out to left . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Carroll singled to center . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carroll out at second . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Frandsen grounded out to third . Abreu walked . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Kemp singled to right . Loney hit by pitch , Kemp to second . Blake flied out to center , Kemp to third . Martin walked , Loney to second . Johnson reached on infield single to third , Kemp scored , Loney to third , Martin to second . Furcal doubled to left , Loney and Martin scored , Johnson to third . Carroll singled to right , Johnson scored , Furcal to third . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Furcal scored , Carroll out at third . Shields pitching for Angels . Ramirez struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Matsui grounded out to first . Napoli homered to left ( 409 feet ) . Mathis flied out to center . Willits flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Angels . Kemp struck out looking . Loney safe at first on error by shortstop Wood . Blake singled to left , Loney to third . Martin hit sacrifice fly to right , Loney scored . Blake caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Johnson batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Haeger pitching for Dodgers . Wood struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . Frandsen singled to right . Abreu walked , Frandsen to second . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Hunter singled to left center , Frandsen scored , Abreu to second . Matsui singled to right , Abreu scored , Hunter to second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Angels . Johnson grounded out to first . Furcal flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits walked . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Wood singled to right center , Willits to third . Kendrick flied out to center . Willits caught stealing home , pitcher to second to first to catcher to third . Frandsen batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Ethier doubled to deep right . Ramirez singled to center , Ethier scored . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney intentionally walked . Blake singled to left , Ramirez scored , Loney to second . Bell pitching for Angels . Martin struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Blake out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Frandsen flied out to left . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Angels . Furcal grounded out to first . Carroll singled to right . Ethier flied out to left . Ramirez singled to right center , Carroll scored . Kemp singled to left , Ramirez to second . Loney singled to center , Ramirez scored , Kemp to third , Loney to second advancing on throw . Blake popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Napoli flied out to right . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits singled to right . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . O'Sullivan pitching for Angels . Martin flied out to right . Johnson flied out to left . Furcal singled to center . Carroll struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Kendrick singled to center . Frandsen doubled to left , Kendrick scored . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Abreu singled to center , Frandsen scored . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Abreu to second on fielder 's indifference . Hunter struck out swinging . Abreu out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Matsui struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Angels 6 .	Dodgers pound Angels to end six - game skid