Yankees - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Jeter singled to center . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . Teixeira popped out to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Furcal walked . Belliard struck out swinging . Ethier singled to right , Furcal to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Cano grounded out to shortstop . Posada grounded out to third . Granderson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Blake struck out swinging . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Gardner hit by pitch . Pettitte sacrificed to pitcher , Gardner to second . Jeter struck out looking . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Johnson doubled to right . Kershaw sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson to third , Johnson scored , Kershaw to first on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte . Furcal reached on bunt single to third , Kershaw to second . Belliard sacrificed to catcher , Kershaw to third , Furcal to second , Belliard safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte . Kershaw scored , Furcal to third on throwing error by pitcher Pettitte . Ethier hit sacrifice fly to center , Furcal scored , Belliard to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Blake struck out swinging . Loney walked , Ramirez to second . Martin grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Teixeira struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Cano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Huffman in left field . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Johnson doubled to left . Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson to third . Furcal hit sacrifice fly to right , Johnson scored . Belliard homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Ethier grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Posada struck out swinging . Granderson fouled out to shortstop . Huffman singled to left . Pettitte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Ramirez lined out to right . Blake singled to left . Loney flied out to left . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Jeter singled to right . Swisher struck out looking . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . Rodriguez homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Teixeira scored . Cano flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Kershaw sacrificed to first , Johnson to second . Furcal walked . Johnson to third , Furcal to second on wild pitch by Robertson . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at home , Furcal to third . Marte pitching for Yankees . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Posada flied out to left . Granderson flied out to right . Huffman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Yankees . Ramirez flied out to center . Blake flied out to left . Loney popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Curtis hit for Marte . Curtis grounded out to second . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Swisher grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Curtis in right field . Martin walked . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martin out at second . Carroll hit for Belisario . Carroll reached on infield single to third . Carroll stole second . Furcal doubled to right , Carroll scored . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Anderson in left field . Carroll at second base . Teixeira struck out looking . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Cano doubled to right , Rodriguez scored . Posada singled to right , Cano to third . Posada to second on fielder 's indifference . Granderson walked . Huffman singled to right , Cano and Posada scored , Granderson to third . Curtis grounded out to first , Granderson scored , Huffman to second . Jeter intentionally walked . Cervelli hit for Chamberlain . Cervelli grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Ethier grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to left . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 10th . Kemp in center field . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Johnson in left field . Teixeira singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Cano homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Rodriguez scored . Posada grounded out to catcher . Granderson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Loney reached on infield single to second . Martin struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Dodgers 6 .	Yanks tip Dodgers in 10