Dodgers - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal lined out to first . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Young singled to left . Young to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Johnson singled to deep right , Young scored . Johnson stole second . Upton walked . Upton caught stealing second , catcher to first . Montero walked . Reynolds singled to left , Johnson scored , Montero to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Abreu doubled to deep left , Montero scored , Reynolds to third . Parra grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney singled to center . Blake walked , Loney to second . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blake out at second , Loney to third . Martin walked . Martin to second on wild pitch by Jackson . DeWitt singled to right , Loney and Martin scored . Kuroda grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Jackson singled to center . Young struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center , Jackson to second . Upton struck out looking . Jackson to third on wild pitch by Kuroda , Jackson scored , Johnson safe at second on throwing error by catcher Martin . Montero doubled to deep left , Johnson scored . Reynolds singled to right , Montero scored . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds stole second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal popped out to shortstop . Kemp walked . Ethier reached on infield single to shortstop , Kemp to third . Loney singled to center , Kemp scored , Ethier to second . Blake struck out looking . Anderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Abreu singled to left . Parra singled to right , Abreu to second . Jackson sacrificed to catcher , Abreu to third , Parra to second . Young doubled to deep center , Abreu and Parra scored . Johnson walked . Young stole third . Upton walked , Johnson to second . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored , Johnson to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin grounded out to third . DeWitt lined out to center . Weaver struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to center . Kemp struck out looking . Ethier singled to left , Furcal to second . Loney singled to right , Furcal scored , Ethier to second . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Loney out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gillespie hit for Jackson . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Gillespie flied out to center . Young grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Demel pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson grounded out to first . Martin singled to center . DeWitt doubled to deep right , Martin scored . Carroll hit for Troncoso . Carroll grounded out to second , DeWitt to third . Furcal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Upton flied out to left . Montero flied out to center . Reynolds walked . Reynolds caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LaRoche batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp flied out to center . Ethier flied out to center . Loney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche flied out to center . Abreu struck out looking . Parra walked . Ojeda hit for Vasquez . Ojeda walked , Parra to second . Young homered to left ( 420 feet ) , Parra and Ojeda scored . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake flied out to left . Anderson singled to right center . Martin popped out to second . Anderson stole second . DeWitt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ellis catching . Miller pitching for Dodgers . Upton grounded out to second . Montero singled to center . Reynolds fouled out to first . LaRoche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard hit for Miller . Belliard lined out to third . Furcal singled to center . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal out at second . Ethier doubled to deep left , Kemp to third . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 12 .	D - backs rip Dodgers to give Gibson 1st win