Dodgers - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to right . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier lined out to third . Ramirez walked , Furcal to second . Furcal stole third . Blake popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Paul in left field . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Lopez flied out to center . Rasmus singled to right . Pujols grounded out to third , Rasmus to second . Holliday walked . Winn tripled to right , Rasmus and Holliday scored . Molina singled to right , Winn scored . Molina caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Molina caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schumaker batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Loney lined out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Carroll tripled to deep center . Billingsley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker singled to left . Garcia sacrificed to catcher , Schumaker to second . Greene flied out to center . Lopez singled to left , Schumaker scored . Rasmus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Furcal grounded out to second . Kemp singled to left . Ethier singled to left , Kemp to second . Paul flied out to center . Blake singled to right center , Kemp scored , Ethier to second . Loney singled to center , Ethier scored , Blake to third . Martin struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Pujols singled to center . Holliday singled to left , Pujols to second . Winn singled to left , Pujols to third , Holliday to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols scored , Holliday out at third , Winn to second . Schumaker flied out to left . Garcia grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Carroll singled to shallow right . Billingsley struck out looking . Furcal singled to center , Carroll to second . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Kemp flied out to right . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Greene singled to center . Lopez singled to right , Greene to third . Rasmus grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Greene scored , Lopez out at second . Pujols fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Paul flied out to center . Blake grounded out to second . Loney doubled to left . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Holliday walked . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Winn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holliday out at second . Molina homered to left ( 399 feet ) , Winn scored . Schumaker grounded out to first . Craig singled to center . Greene flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Carroll struck out looking . DeWitt grounded out to second . Furcal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Lopez lined out to center . Rasmus walked . Pujols popped out to second . Holliday singled to right , Rasmus to third . Winn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Kemp doubled to right center . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Ethier flied out to left . Paul flied out to right . Blake grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Molina flied out to right . Schumaker grounded out to second . Miles lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Loney singled to center . Martin struck out swinging . Carroll walked , Loney to second . Anderson singled to right center , Loney to third , Carroll to second . Furcal walked , Loney scored , Carroll to third , Anderson to second . Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center , Carroll scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Anderson to third , Furcal to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Ethier grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Link pitching for Dodgers . Greene singled to left . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Greene out at second . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Paul hit ground rule double to deep left . Blake grounded out to third . Loney flied out to left . Belliard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Cardinals 8 .	Cards run Billingsley , roll Dodgers