Dodgers - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Podsednik singled to left center . Theriot grounded out to second , Podsednik to second . Ethier grounded out to second , Podsednik to third . Loney walked . Belliard singled to center , Podsednik scored , Loney to second . Kemp singled to left , Loney scored , Belliard to second . Carroll singled to center , Belliard scored , Kemp to third , Carroll to second advancing on throw . Ausmus intentionally walked . Kershaw grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rollins fouled out to first . Ibanez flied out to center . Polanco singled to left . Sweeney singled to right center , Polanco to third . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop . Theriot flied out to center . Ethier struck out swinging . Loney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Francisco grounded out to third . Ruiz singled to center . Valdez doubled to right , Ruiz to third . Blanton grounded out to third , Ruiz scored , Valdez to third . Rollins grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . Polanco popped out to second . Sweeney fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Ausmus lined out to shortstop . Kershaw struck out looking . Podsednik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Werth singled to left . Francisco struck out swinging . Werth stole second . Ruiz singled to center , Werth scored . Valdez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ruiz out at second . Blanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valdez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Theriot singled to center . Ethier singled to right , Theriot to third . Loney struck out swinging . Belliard hit sacrifice fly to left , Theriot scored . Kemp lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rollins struck out looking . Ibanez fouled out to third . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Carroll grounded out to third . Ausmus singled to left . Kershaw sacrificed to catcher , Ausmus to second . Podsednik walked . Theriot walked , Podsednik to second . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Werth struck out swinging . Francisco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Loney singled to center . Belliard popped out to shortstop . Kemp homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Loney scored . Carroll walked . Carroll stole second . Ausmus struck out looking . Kershaw grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Blake at third base . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz flied out to left . Valdez struck out swinging . Victorino hit for Durbin . Victorino walked . Victorino stole second . Rollins walked . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Podsednik safe at first on error by first baseman Sweeney . Theriot flied out to right . Ethier singled to right center , Podsednik to second . Loney struck out swinging . Contreras pitching for Phillies . Blake singled to center , Podsednik scored , Ethier to third . Kemp singled to right , Ethier scored , Blake to third . Carroll singled to left , Blake scored , Kemp to third , Carroll to second advancing on throw . Ausmus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Polanco singled to center . Sweeney singled to center , Polanco to second . Polanco to third , Sweeney to second on wild pitch by Belisario . Werth singled to center , Polanco and Sweeney scored . Werth to second on balk by Belisario . Francisco doubled to deep left center , Werth scored . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz grounded out to third . Valdez singled to center , Francisco scored . Brown hit for Contreras . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Brown flied out to left . Rollins walked , Valdez to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Phillies . Gibbons hit for Sherrill . Gibbons singled to right . Podsednik grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gibbons out at second . Theriot grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Polanco hit by pitch . Sweeney walked , Polanco to second . Werth walked , Polanco to third , Sweeney to second . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Polanco and Sweeney scored on error by third baseman Blake , Werth to second . Ruiz doubled to deep left center , Werth and Francisco scored . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Phillies 10 .	Phils shock Broxton , Dodgers with late rally