Padres - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Venable grounded out to second . Eckstein flied out to right . Tejada singled to right . Gonzalez walked , Tejada to second . Ludwick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Furcal singled to center . Carroll walked , Furcal to second . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second , Furcal to third . Kemp grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Headley struck out looking . Denorfia singled to left center . Richard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Blake struck out looking . Loney lined out to center . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Venable grounded out to second . Eckstein walked . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second . Gonzalez doubled to left , Tejada to third . Ludwick singled to left , Tejada and Gonzalez scored . Torrealba struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Billingsley struck out swinging . Furcal walked . Carroll singled to right , Furcal to second . Ethier struck out looking . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Headley struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to second . Richard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Blake flied out to center . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Venable singled to right . Eckstein hit by pitch , Venable to second . Tejada grounded out to pitcher , Venable to third , Eckstein to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ludwick hit by pitch , Venable scored , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to left , Eckstein scored . Headley singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Ludwick to third . Denorfia grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Ellis singled to left center . Lindsey hit for Billingsley . Lindsey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Richard struck out swinging . Venable struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to right . Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Monasterios . Tejada popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Carroll singled to center . Ethier flied out to left . Kemp lined out to right . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Monasterios pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to center . Ludwick popped out to third . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Richard pitching for Padres . Loney flied out to right . Johnson flied out to center . Ellis singled to center . Mitchell hit for Monasterios . Mitchell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Headley grounded out to second . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Richard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Richard pitching for Padres . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Carroll flied out to center . Ethier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Venable struck out swinging , Venable safe at first on wild pitch by Troncoso . Eckstein grounded out to third , Venable to second . Tejada grounded out to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Venable to third , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Troncoso . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Venable scored , Gonzalez out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Venable in right field . Gwynn in center field . Richard pitching for Padres . Kemp struck out swinging . Blake singled to right . Loney singled to right , Blake to third . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Loney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Dodgers 0 .	Richard blanks Dodgers ; Pads ½ game back