Cardinals - Top 1st . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Vina grounded out to first . Renteria flied out to center . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Belliard walked . Payton flied out to deep left . Helton flied out to deep right . Walker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen popped out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Matheny doubled to right center . Stephenson struck out looking . Vina walked . Renteria walked , Matheny to third , Vina to second . Edmonds singled to right center , Matheny and Vina scored , Renteria to third . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Edmonds out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Norton struck out swinging . Chacon flied out to shallow left center . Belliard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Rolen grounded out to third . Martinez doubled to right center . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Martinez to third . Matheny intentionally walked . Stephenson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Payton struck out looking . Helton doubled to deep right . Walker doubled to right , Helton scored . Wilson doubled to left , Walker scored . Hernandez reached on infield single to third , Wilson to third . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left center , Wilson scored . Norton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Vina grounded out to first . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds singled to left center . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Edmonds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Chacon popped out to shallow center . Belliard singled to center . Payton lined out to left . Helton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Rolen walked . Martinez reached on bunt single to third , Rolen to second . Palmeiro lined into triple play , first to shortstop , Rolen doubled off base at second , Martinez doubled off base at first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Stephenson pitching for Cardinals . Walker tripled to left . Wilson flied out to shallow center . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to right , Walker scored . Johnson fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Perez hit for Stephenson . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Matheny grounded out to second . Perez popped out to shortstop . Vina singled to center . Renteria singled to right , Vina to second . Speier pitching for Rockies . Edmonds walked , Vina to third , Renteria to second . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Richard hit for Speier . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Norton grounded out to pitcher . Richard struck out looking . Butler at third base . Jones pitching for Rockies . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Jones pitching for Rockies . Rolen singled to left center . Martinez singled to right center , Rolen to third . Palmeiro singled to right , Rolen scored , Martinez to second . Marrero hit for Eldred . Matheny safe at first on error by pitcher Jones , Martinez to third , Palmeiro to second . Marrero safe at first on error by third baseman Butler , Martinez scored , Palmeiro to third , Matheny to second , Palmeiro scored , Matheny to third on throwing error by third baseman Butl . Vina lined out to shortstop . Renteria singled to center , Matheny scored , Marrero to third . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Cairo hit for Edmonds . Cairo popped out to second . Marrero in center field . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Payton struck out swinging . Helton homered to left . Walker grounded out to pitcher . Wilson walked . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez homered to center , Wilson scored . Johnson walked . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Estalella catching . Butler flied out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Rolen doubled to left center . Martinez lined out to right . Palmeiro walked . Matheny grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Palmeiro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Rockies 7 .	Home runs help Rockies rally past Cardinals