Rockies - Top 1st . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard doubled to right . Payton grounded out to second , Belliard to third . Helton grounded out to second , Belliard scored . Walker flied out to deep left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Counsell doubled to left . Baerga flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Counsell to third . Dellucci singled to center , Counsell scored . Overbay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dellucci out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson lined out to right . Hernandez struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Finley singled to center . Womack struck out swinging . Moeller singled to left , Finley to second . Schilling grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Finley safe at third on throwing error by Jennings , Moeller to second . Counsell struck out swinging . Baerga homered to right , Finley , Moeller and Schilling scored . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Dellucci popped out to third . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes grounded out to third . Jennings struck out swinging . Belliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Overbay grounded out to second . Finley popped out to second . Womack struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton grounded out to second . Helton flied out to center . Walker popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Moeller walked . Schilling grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moeller out at second . Counsell struck out swinging . Baerga homered to right , Schilling scored . Gonzalez flied out to deep right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Dellucci fouled out to first . Overbay singled to left . Finley singled to right , Overbay to second . Womack hit ground rule double to right , Overbay scored , Finley to third . Moeller singled to right , Finley scored , Womack to third . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Butler at shortstop . Schilling struck out looking . Counsell walked , Moeller to second . Baerga grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes struck out swinging . Butler grounded out to third . Richard at first base . Kapler in right field . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez homered to right . Dellucci fouled out to third . Overbay doubled to right center . Finley flied out to right . McCracken in left field . Womack flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton grounded out to second . Richard singled to center . Kapler struck out looking . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Richard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Moeller singled to right . Schilling safe at first on error by pitcher Jimenez , Moeller to second . Counsell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schilling out at second , Moeller to third . Baerga hit ground rule double to deep center , Moeller scored . McCracken walked . Dellucci singled to right , Baerga to third , McCracken to second . Norton hit for Jimenez . Overbay grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Norton singled to left . Johnson lined out to third . Norton to second on wild pitch by Schilling . Stynes struck out swinging . Norton at third base . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Hammock hit for Finley . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Hammock flied out to left . Womack grounded out to pitcher . Hammock in left field . McCracken in center field . Moeller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard grounded out to third . Payton homered to right center . Richard flied out to center . Kapler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Baerga gives Schilling support as pitcher gets first win