Rockies - Top 1st . Estes pitching for Cubs . Belliard walked . Payton singled to center , Belliard to second . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second , Belliard to third . Wilson popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Patterson singled to right . Patterson stole second . Gonzalez walked . Sosa struck out looking . Alou grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Estes pitching for Cubs . Walker grounded out to second . Hernandez struck out looking . Johnson singled to right center . Stynes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Choi doubled to right center . Bellhorn doubled to right , Choi scored . Martinez struck out swinging . Bako walked . Bellhorn caught stealing third , catcher to third , Bako to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Estes singled to center , Bako scored . Patterson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Estes pitching for Cubs . Chacon grounded out to shortstop . Belliard grounded out to second . Payton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Chacon . Sosa doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored . Alou popped out to third . Choi walked . Bellhorn walked , Sosa to third , Choi to second . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Sosa scored , Choi to third , Bellhorn to second . Choi scored , Bellhorn to third on wild pitch by Chacon . Bako popped out to shallow left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Estes pitching for Cubs . Helton grounded out to first . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Walker popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Estes grounded out to third . Patterson flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Estes pitching for Cubs . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Johnson continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Bako . Johnson singled to center . Stynes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Sosa doubled to shallow right . Alou grounded out to third . Choi grounded out to first , Sosa to third . Bellhorn singled to left , Sosa scored . Martinez hit by pitch , Bellhorn to second . Bako grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bellhorn out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Kapler hit for Chacon . Estes pitching for Cubs . Kapler doubled to right , Kapler to second . Belliard grounded out to pitcher . Payton reached on infield single to second , Kapler to third . Helton singled to right , Kapler scored , Payton to third . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Estes struck out swinging . Patterson grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Estes pitching for Cubs . Walker popped out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . Jones pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Jones pitching for Rockies . Sosa walked . Alou struck out swinging . Choi doubled to left center , Sosa to third . Bellhorn hit sacrifice fly to center , Sosa scored , Choi to third . Martinez walked . O'Leary in right field . Bako struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Butler hit for Jones . Estes pitching for Cubs . Stynes walked . Stynes to second on wild pitch by Estes . Butler singled to left , Stynes to third . Belliard singled to right , Stynes scored , Butler to second . Payton singled to center , Butler to third , Belliard to second , Butler scored , Belliard to third on error by center fielder Patterson . Helton hit sacrifice fly to left , Belliard scored , Payton to second advancing on throw . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Payton to third on wild pitch by Farnsworth . Wilson struck out swinging . Guthrie pitching for Cubs . Walker walked . Miller catching . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Hernandez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Miller walked . Patterson singled to right , Miller to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Patterson out at second , Miller to third . Goodwin in right field . O'Leary grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Johnson struck out swinging . Norton hit for Jimenez . Stynes grounded out to pitcher . Norton flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Cubs 7 .	Weary Cubs do n't show it in pounding Chacon