Dodgers - Top 1st . Cora grounded out to first . Beltre doubled to left . Green singled to right , Beltre to third . McGriff singled to right , Beltre scored , Green to second . Kinkade hit by pitch , Green to third , McGriff to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Green scored . Ross struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Belliard reached on infield single to third . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Belliard out at second . Helton homered to right , Payton scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Izturis doubled to right center . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Izturis to third . Cora singled to left , Izturis scored . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cora out at second . Green reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltre to second . McGriff struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Stynes singled to center . Estalella grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stynes out at second . Kapler reached on infield single to third , Kapler to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre . Elarton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Kinkade fouled out to right . Cabrera walked . Ross struck out swinging , Cabrera stole second . Izturis intentionally walked . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Belliard doubled to right . Payton grounded out to second . Helton singled to center , Belliard scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to center , Helton to third , Hernandez to second advancing on play . Stynes singled to left , Helton and Hernandez scored , Stynes to second on error by left fielder Kinkade . Estalella doubled to deep left , Stynes scored . Kapler intentionally walked . Elarton grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Beltre walked . Green popped out to shortstop . McGriff singled to right center , Beltre to third . Kinkade flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Belliard singled to left . Payton homered to left , Belliard scored . Helton homered to left center . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Stynes singled to center . Estalella struck out looking . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Ross struck out swinging . Izturis tripled to deep center . Mota struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kapler struck out looking . Elarton struck out swinging . Belliard singled to left . Payton tripled to deep center , Belliard scored . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Helton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cora tripled to left center . Beltre grounded out to second , Cora scored . Green grounded out to second . McGriff singled to right , McGriff out stretching at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wilson struck out swinging . Hernandez struck out swinging . Jones pitching for Rockies . Stynes popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Kinkade singled to center . Cabrera lined out to right . Ross flied out to shallow right . Crosby hit for Mota . Izturis singled to center , Kinkade to second . Crosby singled to center , Kinkade scored , Izturis to second . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Cora struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Estalella fouled out to first . Norton hit for Jones . Kapler grounded out to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Norton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Beltre singled to right , Beltre to second on error by right fielder Kapler . Green struck out swinging . McGriff grounded out to first , Beltre to third . Kinkade hit by pitch . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Romano in center field . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinkade out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Belliard doubled to deep left . Payton grounded out to third . Helton homered to right , Belliard scored . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Reed pitching for Rockies . Hernandez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Ross fouled out to first . Izturis struck out looking . Romano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Rockies 12 .	Triple threat : Helton hits three HRs vs. Dodgers