Rockies - Top 1st . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Belliard singled to right . Uribe struck out swinging . Helton flied out to left , Belliard out at second on appeal for failing to retouch base . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Henderson grounded out to second . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Wilson struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . Reyes reached on infield single to second . Bellhorn reached on infield single to pitcher , Reyes to second . Johnson walked , Reyes to third , Bellhorn to second . Oliver flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Lo Duca flied out to right center . Burnitz flied out to deep right . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Belliard struck out swinging . Uribe singled to right . Helton flied out to left . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Ross struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to second . Ishii struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Walker hit by pitch . Reyes flied out to center . Bellhorn hit by pitch , Walker to second . Johnson flied out to deep right , Walker to third . Oliver walked , Bellhorn to second . Belliard hit by pitch , Walker scored , Bellhorn to third , Oliver to second . Uribe flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Henderson flied out to shallow right center . Cabrera singled to left , Cabrera to second on throwing error by left fielder Reyes . Green singled to center , Cabrera scored . Lo Duca doubled to left , Green scored , Lo Duca to third advancing on throw . Burnitz struck out swinging . Beltre struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson fouled out to third . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Ross struck out swinging . Izturis walked . Ishii bunt popped out foul to catcher , Izturis tagged out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Ishii pitching for Dodgers . Reyes singled to left . Bellhorn sacrificed to catcher , Reyes to second , Bellhorn safe at first on throwing error by catcher Ross . Johnson singled to left , Reyes to third , Bellhorn to second . Oliver doubled to left , Reyes and Bellhorn scored , Johnson to third . Belliard singled to left , Johnson scored , Oliver to third . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Uribe singled to right center , Oliver scored , Belliard to third . Uribe stole second . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson doubled to right center , Belliard and Uribe scored . Walker walked . Reyes singled to right , Wilson scored , Walker to second . Alvarez pitching for Dodgers . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Henderson struck out looking . Cabrera flied out to right center . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Alvarez pitching for Dodgers . Oliver grounded out to first . Belliard struck out swinging . Uribe hit by pitch . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Burnitz singled to center . Beltre struck out swinging . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . Kinkade at third base . Ross popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Payton hit for Walker . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . Wilson walked . Payton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . Payton in right field . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Reyes flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . Kinkade struck out swinging . Henderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . Bellhorn popped out to second . Johnson flied out to shallow right . Sweeney at first base . Payton in left field . Reyes in right field . Bernero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to right . Cabrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Green singled to left , Cabrera scored . Lo Duca struck out looking . Green to second on fielder 's indifference . Barnes hit for Colyer . Burnitz struck out swinging . Barnes popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Dodgers 3 .	Reeling Dodgers shake things up after loss