Rockies - Top 1st . Haynes pitching for Reds . Womack flied out to center . Belliard safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Olmedo . Helton flied out to left . Belliard stole second . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 1st . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Jimenez grounded out to second . Olmedo grounded out to shortstop . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Haynes pitching for Reds . Payton singled to shallow right . Reyes struck out swinging . Stynes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Payton out at second . Johnson walked , Stynes to second . Oliver singled to center , Stynes scored , Johnson to second . Womack flied out to shallow right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Casey lined out to left . Boone grounded out to third . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Haynes pitching for Reds . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Helton singled to left center . Wilson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Mateo grounded out to second . LaRue flied out to left . Haynes grounded out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Haynes pitching for Reds . Payton singled to center . Reyes reached on bunt single to catcher , Payton to second , Payton scored , Reyes to second on throwing error by catcher LaRue . Stynes grounded out to first , Reyes to third . Johnson doubled to left , Reyes scored . Oliver singled to center , Johnson to third . Womack grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Oliver out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 4th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Jimenez walked . Olmedo singled to left , Jimenez to second . Guillen grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Olmedo out at second , Jimenez to third . Casey singled to left , Jimenez scored . Boone struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Haynes pitching for Reds . Belliard singled to right , Belliard to second on throwing error by shortstop Olmedo . Helton flied out to shallow right . Wilson singled to right , Belliard scored . Payton singled to center , Wilson to third . Reith pitching for Reds . Reyes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 5th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Dunn lined out to second . Mateo grounded out to shortstop . LaRue walked . Reith grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Reith pitching for Reds . Stynes doubled to left . Johnson struck out looking . Oliver flied out to left . Womack flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Jimenez singled to right center . Olmedo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jimenez safe at second on error by second baseman Belliard . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Olmedo out at second , Jimenez to third . Casey lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Reith pitching for Reds . Belliard safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Olmedo . Helton fouled out to second . Belliard stole second . Wilson walked . Payton singled to left , Belliard to third , Wilson to second . Wagner pitching for Reds . Reyes struck out swinging , Belliard scored , Wilson to third , Payton to second on wild pitch by Wagner . Stynes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Boone walked . Dunn doubled to right , Boone to third . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Bellhorn at third base . Mateo struck out swinging . Larkin hit for Wagner . LaRue hit sacrifice fly to deep right , Boone scored , Dunn to third . Larkin doubled to right , Dunn scored . Mercker pitching for Reds . Jimenez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Johnson flied out to deep right . Bellhorn reached on infield single to second . Womack sacrificed to third , Bellhorn to second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Belliard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Olmedo struck out looking . Guillen popped out to catcher . Casey singled to left . Boone flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Helton struck out swinging . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Dunn at first base . Branyan in left field . Wilson struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Dunn grounded out to third . Speier pitching for Rockies . Taylor hit for Mateo . Taylor struck out swinging . LaRue flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Reds 3 .	Payton hot , Reds not as Rockies win