Dodgers - Top 1st . Izturis flied out to center . Lo Duca doubled to deep center . Green flied out to center . McGriff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Belliard walked . Atkins struck out looking . Helton singled to left , Belliard to third . Wilson singled to right , Belliard scored , Helton to third , Helton scored , Wilson to second on throwing error by right fielder Green . Walker flied out to deep left . Payton singled to center , Wilson scored . Johnson walked , Payton to second . Barmes lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beltre homered to left . Burnitz popped out to shallow left . Cabrera singled to center . Cora flied out to center . Ishii grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Stark walked . Belliard safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis , Stark to second . Stark to third , Belliard to second on wild pitch by Ishii . Atkins doubled to left center , Stark and Belliard scored . Helton flied out to deep left center . Wilson grounded out to second , Atkins to third . Walker singled to right center , Atkins scored . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Izturis flied out to left . Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop . Green singled to right center . McGriff singled to right , Green to second . Beltre singled to left , Green scored , McGriff to second . Burnitz singled to right , McGriff to third , Beltre to second . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Johnson homered to left . Barmes singled to center . Stark bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Barmes out at second . Belliard singled to center . Belliard stole second . Atkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Thurston hit for Ishii . Cora popped out to shortstop . Thurston singled to center . Izturis doubled to right , Thurston to third . Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to right , Thurston scored , Izturis to third on throwing error by right fielder Walker . Green walked . Colyer pitching for Dodgers . McGriff lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Helton singled to left . Wilson struck out swinging . Walker struck out swinging . Payton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Beltre singled to center . Burnitz popped out to shallow center . Cabrera singled to left , Beltre to second . Cora fouled out to left . Colyer homered to right , Beltre and Cabrera scored . Hundley hit for Colyer . Mota pitching for Dodgers . Izturis fouled out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Johnson grounded out to second . Barmes struck out swinging . Bellhorn hit for Stark . Bellhorn walked . Vance pitching for Rockies . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bellhorn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Green flied out to left . McGriff flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Atkins reached on infield single to second . Helton safe at first on error by pitcher Mota , Atkins to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second , Atkins to third . Walker popped out to shallow left . Wilson stole second . Payton intentionally walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Beltre homered to right center . Burnitz struck out swinging . Reed pitching for Rockies . Cabrera doubled to shallow left . Hill hit for Mota . Cora singled to shallow left , Cabrera scored . Hill doubled to right , Cora to third . Izturis intentionally walked . Lo Duca lined out to left . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Shuey pitching for Dodgers . Sweeney hit for Barmes . Green grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Norton hit for Lopez . Sweeney doubled to right center . Ozuna ran for Sweeney . Norton walked . Belliard struck out bunting foul . Ozuna at shortstop . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . McGriff struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Burnitz singled to right . Burnitz to second on wild pitch by Fuentes . Cabrera flied out to deep left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Dodgers . Ventura at first base . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson singled to center . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilson to second . Quantrill pitching for Dodgers . Speier pitching for Rockies . Payton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Coomer hit for Quantrill . Cora grounded out to first . Coomer flied out to center . Gagne pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera in left field . Ruan in center field . Reyes hit for Johnson . Izturis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Reyes singled to left . Stynes hit for Speier . Ozuna sacrificed to first , Reyes to second . Stynes struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Rockies 7 .	Los Angeles 8 , Colorado 7