Rockies - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Helton walked . Wilson walked , Helton to second . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Rockies . Finley walked . Spivey struck out looking . Finley stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Mondesi homered to left , Finley scored . Cintron doubled to right . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton homered to right . Zaun grounded out to second . Bellhorn singled to right . Bellhorn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Young struck out swinging , Young safe at first on passed ball by Barajas . Uribe lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Rockies . Overbay struck out swinging , Overbay safe at first on wild pitch by Young . Barajas safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins , Overbay to second . Batista bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Overbay out at third , Barajas to second . Finley singled to right , Barajas to third , Batista to second . Stark pitching for Rockies . Spivey singled to center , Barajas scored , Batista to third , Finley to second . Gonzalez walked , Batista scored , Finley to third , Spivey to second . Mondesi singled to right , Finley and Spivey scored , Gonzalez to third , Mondesi to second advancing on throw . Mondesi to third on passed ball by Zaun . Cintron walked . Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to center , Mondesi scored . Overbay singled to center , Cintron to second . Barajas lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins singled to center . Helton singled to right , Atkins to second , Atkins to third on error by right fielder Mondesi . Wilson singled to right , Atkins scored , Helton to second . Walker struck out swinging . Payton flied out to right . Zaun homered to right , Helton and Wilson scored . Bellhorn singled to right . Stark grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Stark pitching for Rockies . Batista grounded out to first . Finley grounded out to pitcher . Spivey popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to third . Atkins walked . Helton doubled to right , Atkins to third . Wilson grounded out to shortstop , Atkins scored , Helton to third . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stark pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez flied out to left . Mondesi struck out swinging . Cintron singled to center . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton singled to left . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Payton out at second . Sweeney hit for Stark . Bellhorn walked , Zaun to second . Sweeney popped out to second . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Uribe popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Overbay grounded out to second . McCracken hit for Batista . Barajas flied out to center . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins flied out to left . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson walked . Walker walked , Wilson to second . Payton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded out to shortstop . Spivey doubled to left . Gonzalez walked . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second , Spivey to third . Cintron hit ground rule double to deep right center , Spivey scored , Mondesi to third . Jose hit for Overbay . Hillenbrand intentionally walked . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Jose doubled to deep left , Mondesi , Cintron and Hillenbrand scored . Grace at first base . Barajas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Zaun flied out to left . Reyes hit for Bernero . Bellhorn walked . Norton hit for Uribe . Reyes struck out swinging . Bellhorn to second on fielder 's indifference . Cook pitching for Rockies . Barmes at shortstop . Counsell hit for Villarreal . Norton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Counsell grounded out to second . Finley walked . Spivey struck out swinging . Gonzalez homered to right center , Finley scored . Mondesi singled to center . Cintron singled to right , Mondesi to second . Hillenbrand doubled to deep left , Mondesi scored , Cintron to third . Grace walked . Barajas singled to center , Cintron scored , Hillenbrand to third , Grace to second . Kata at second base . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell at third base . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins struck out looking . Ozuna hit for Wilson . Helton singled to center . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helton out at second . Walker walked , Ozuna to second . Vance pitching for Rockies . Ozuna in center field . Pellow catching . Payton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vance pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded out to first . Kata grounded out to shortstop . Myers pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Pellow grounded out to third . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 16 .	Arizona 16 , Colorado 6