Astros - Top 1st . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Biggio flied out to right . Ensberg singled to right . Bagwell flied out to left . Ensberg stole second . Ensberg to third on passed ball by Johnson . Kent walked . Hidalgo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Villone pitching for Astros . Belliard walked . Atkins struck out looking . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson walked , Belliard to second . Walker hit by pitch , Belliard to third , Wilson to second . Payton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Berkman singled to center . Berkman stole second . Ausmus popped out to first . Everett singled to right , Berkman to third . Villone sacrificed to pitcher , Everett to second . Biggio safe at on error by third baseman Atkins , Berkman scored , Everett to third . Ensberg singled to left , Everett scored , Biggio to second . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ensberg out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Villone pitching for Astros . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Uribe tripled to deep right . Oliver singled to right center , Uribe scored . Belliard grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Oliver out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Kent lined out to shortstop . Hidalgo struck out looking . Berkman singled to right . Ausmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Villone pitching for Astros . Atkins struck out swinging . Helton struck out looking . Wilson singled to center . Walker reached on infield single to third , Wilson to second . Payton singled to left , Wilson scored , Walker to second . Johnson safe at on error by third baseman Ensberg , Walker to third , Payton to second . Uribe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 4th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Everett popped out to first . Villone struck out swinging . Biggio lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Villone pitching for Astros . Oliver struck out swinging . Belliard grounded out to second . Atkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Ensberg singled to left . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ensberg out at second . Kent struck out looking . Hidalgo singled to left , Bagwell to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hidalgo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Villone pitching for Astros . Helton homered to left . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Walker doubled to deep right . Stone pitching for Astros . Payton intentionally walked . Sweeney hit for Uribe . Johnson reached on infield single to third , Walker to third , Payton to second . Sweeney singled to left , Walker and Payton scored , Johnson to second . Barmes at shortstop . Oliver grounded into double play , first to shortstop to third , Sweeney out at second , Johnson out at third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Ausmus flied out to right . Lane hit for Stone . Everett reached on infield single to second . Lane flied out to center . Reed pitching for Rockies . Vizcaino hit for Ensberg . Biggio singled to left , Everett to second . Vizcaino at third base . Miceli pitching for Astros . Vizcaino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Belliard popped out to second . Atkins lined out to left . Stynes at third base . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Bagwell struck out swinging . Kent struck out swinging . Hidalgo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Miceli pitching for Astros . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out swinging . Payton walked . Payton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson batting . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Berkman walked . Ausmus walked , Berkman to second . Chavez hit for Miceli . Everett popped out to second . Speier pitching for Rockies . Reyes in left field . Chavez lined out to center . Biggio singled to right center , Berkman scored , Ausmus to third . Vizcaino walked , Biggio to second . Porter ran for Vizcaino . Lidge pitching for Astros . Blum at third base . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Biggio out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Johnson homered to right center . Barmes singled to center . Reyes sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Belliard grounded out to third . Stynes doubled to deep center , Barmes scored . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Kent doubled to deep center . Hidalgo singled to center , Kent scored , Hidalgo to third on error by center fielder Wilson . Meluskey hit for Ausmus . Berkman struck out looking . Merced hit for Everett . Meluskey hit sacrifice fly to right , Hidalgo scored . Merced struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rockies 7 .	Astros tumble to Rockies