Padres - Top 1st . Vance pitching for Rockies . Vazquez flied out to left . Loretta grounded out to second . Giles singled to right . Nevin walked , Giles to second . Nady walked , Giles to third , Nevin to second . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Ozuna bunt grounded out to pitcher . Stynes safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez . Helton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stynes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Vance pitching for Rockies . Greene tripled to deep center . Bennett hit ground rule double to deep right , Greene scored . Lawrence flied out to right , Bennett to third . Vazquez hit sacrifice fly to center , Bennett scored . Loretta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Wilson struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep right . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Johnson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Vance pitching for Rockies . Giles flied out to left . Nevin lined out to shortstop . Nady doubled to deep right . Kotsay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Uribe lined out to shortstop . Vance singled to center . Ozuna grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vance out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Vance pitching for Rockies . Greene struck out swinging . Bennett flied out to left . Lawrence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Stynes struck out swinging . Helton walked . Wilson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Vance pitching for Rockies . Vazquez grounded out to first . Loretta singled to right . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loretta out at second . Nevin homered to right center , Giles scored . Nady flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Walker singled to right center . Payton homered to right , Walker scored . Johnson struck out swinging . Sweeney hit for Vance . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Cook pitching for Rockies . Sweeney flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Kotsay flied out to center . Greene grounded out to third . Bennett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Ozuna struck out looking . Stynes flied out to left . Helton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lawrence singled to right . Vazquez singled to shallow right center , Lawrence to third . Loretta doubled to deep right , Lawrence scored , Vazquez to third . Giles intentionally walked . Nevin singled to right , Vazquez scored , Loretta to third , Giles to second . Stark pitching for Rockies . Nady hit by pitch , Loretta scored , Giles to third , Nevin to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Giles out at home , Nevin to third , Nady to second . Greene fouled out to catcher . Bennett doubled to deep left , Nevin , Nady and Kotsay scored . Lawrence reached on infield single to pitcher , Bennett to third . Vazquez struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Wilson homered to left . Walker struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Stark pitching for Rockies . Loretta popped out to second . Giles walked . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Bellhorn hit for Stark . Lawrence pitching for Padres . Uribe singled to center . Norton hit for Ozuna . Bellhorn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Uribe out at second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Norton singled to center , Bellhorn to second . Bynum pitching for Padres . Matthews pitching for Padres . Stynes popped out to second . Norton at third base . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Bellhorn at second base . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Nady struck out swinging . Kotsay doubled to deep right center . Greene grounded out to shortstop , Kotsay to third . Buchanan hit for Matthews . Bennett singled to right , Kotsay scored . Buchanan singled to left , Bennett to second . Vazquez walked , Bennett to third , Buchanan to second . Beck pitching for Padres . Loretta flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Beck pitching for Padres . Wilson fouled out to first . Walker fouled out to third . Payton singled to shallow left . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 11 - Rockies 3 .	Padres ' six - run seventh busts Rockies