Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Finley walked . Finley stole second . Spivey flied out to right . Gonzalez walked . Mondesi popped out to shortstop . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Finley out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard walked . Stynes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belliard out at second . Helton walked , Stynes to second . Arizona 's Manager Brenly ejected by Cousins in the 1st . Walker homered to right , Stynes , Helton and Wilson scored . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to left . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Webb . Uribe walked . Oliver hit by pitch , Johnson to third , Uribe to second . Belliard singled to center , Johnson and Uribe scored , Oliver to second . Stynes struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand lined out to third . Kata lined out to shortstop . Hammock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to third . Walker popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Webb struck out swinging . Finley tripled to deep center . Spivey grounded out to third . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Payton grounded out to second . Johnson singled to left . Uribe grounded out to third , Johnson to second . Oliver grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Mondesi struck out swinging . Cintron singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to center , Cintron to second . Kata doubled to deep left center , Cintron and Hillenbrand scored , Kata out stretching at third . Hammock doubled to deep right . Webb struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Belliard safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand . Stynes safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Hillenbrand , Belliard to third . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron , Belliard scored , Stynes to third , Helton to second . Walker singled to right , Stynes and Helton scored , Wilson to second . Payton reached on infield single to third , Wilson to third , Walker to second . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson scored , Payton out at second , Walker to third . Uribe struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Oliver pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded out to first . Spivey grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Mondesi homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Cintron singled to right . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins hit for Oliver . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cintron out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins struck out looking . Belliard homered to center . Stynes lined out to third . Helton homered to right . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Kata grounded out to second . Overbay hit for Gonzalez . Hammock struck out swinging . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Overbay popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Reyes ran for Walker . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker walked . Payton doubled to deep left , Reyes scored . Johnson popped out to first . Uribe singled to right , Payton scored . Bernero safe at first on error by third baseman Kata , Uribe to third . Belliard homered to left , Uribe and Bernero scored . Stynes grounded out to shortstop . Bellhorn in right field . Reyes in center field . Pellow catching . Helton grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Finley walked . Spivey flied out to left . Gonzalez singled to left , Finley to second . McCracken in center field . Moeller catching . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock in left field . Bautista in right field . McCracken in center field . Moeller catching . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock in left field . Bautista in right field . Mondesi grounded into double play , to shortstop , Finley out at third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellhorn singled to left . Sweeney hit for Payton . Reyes singled to center , Bellhorn to second . Sweeney singled to left , Bellhorn to third , Reyes to second . Pellow hit sacrifice fly to left , Bellhorn scored . Ozuna hit for Bernero . Uribe struck out swinging . Ozuna hit by pitch , Reyes to third , Sweeney to second . Belliard doubled to deep left , Reyes and Sweeney scored , Ozuna to third . Young pitching for Rockies . Reyes in left field . Sweeney at first base . Ozuna in center field . Stynes popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Young pitching for Rockies . Cintron homered to right . Hillenbrand homered to left . Kata walked . Hammock safe at first on error by third baseman Stynes , Kata to second . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hammock out at second , Kata to third . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Young grounded out to shortstop . Bellhorn grounded out to shortstop . Reyes doubled to left . Sweeney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Young pitching for Rockies . Spivey walked . Jose hit for Randolph . Moeller homered to left , Spivey scored . Jose lined out to left . Cintron safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Kata doubled to deep right , Cintron scored . Hammock struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Rockies 20 .	Colorado 20 , Arizona 9