Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Counsell walked . Counsell to second on wild pitch by Elarton . McCracken walked . Spivey struck out swinging . Mondesi singled to shallow right , Counsell to third , McCracken to second . Cintron safe at first on error by second baseman Bellhorn , Counsell scored , McCracken to third , Mondesi to second . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , McCracken scored , Mondesi to third . Overbay singled to right , Mondesi scored , Cintron to third . Overbay stole second . Overbay stole second . Barajas struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellhorn singled to shallow left . Stynes flied out to right . Helton singled to center , Bellhorn to second . Wilson struck out looking . Walker walked , Bellhorn to third , Helton to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Batista struck out looking . Counsell bunt grounded out to pitcher . McCracken singled to center . Spivey hit by pitch , McCracken to second . Mondesi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Pellow flied out to right . Uribe flied out to right . Elarton walked . Bellhorn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Cintron flied out to center . Bautista grounded out to second . Overbay walked . Barajas singled to right , Overbay to second . Batista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Stynes walked . Helton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stynes out at second . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Elarton pitching for Rockies . Counsell reached on infield single to second . Counsell stole second . McCracken grounded out to first , Counsell to third . Spivey hit sacrifice fly to left , Counsell scored . Mondesi flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker singled to left center . Payton struck out swinging . Pellow hit by pitch , Walker to second . Norton hit for Elarton . Uribe walked , Walker to third , Pellow to second . Norton struck out looking . Bellhorn singled to right , Walker and Pellow scored , Uribe to second . Stynes walked , Uribe to third , Bellhorn to second . Cook pitching for Rockies . Helton flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Cintron grounded out to third . Bautista struck out swinging . Overbay walked . Barajas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to second . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Batista grounded out to first . Counsell walked . McCracken safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Cook , Counsell to third . Spivey singled to left center , Counsell and McCracken scored . Mondesi popped out to third . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Spivey out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Diamondbacks . Pellow tripled to right . Reyes hit for Cook . Uribe doubled to deep left , Pellow scored . Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Bellhorn walked . Stynes doubled to deep center , Uribe and Bellhorn scored . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson doubled to deep right , Stynes scored , Helton to third . Walker intentionally walked . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Helton scored , Walker out at second , Wilson to third . Payton to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Zaun catching . Pellow struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Sanchez pitching for Rockies . Bautista doubled to deep center . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Baerga hit for Barajas . Overbay grounded out to pitcher , Bautista to third . Jose hit for Gonzalez . Baerga singled to center , Bautista scored . Jose popped out to third . Counsell reached on infield single to shortstop , Baerga to second . Hammock catching . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe singled to left . Uribe stole second . Zaun lined out to third . Bellhorn popped out to third . Stynes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Spivey popped out to second . Mondesi grounded out to second . Cintron doubled to left . Bautista reached on infield single to first , Cintron to third . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Patterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson walked . Wilson stole second . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand at first base . Walker intentionally walked . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Payton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Hammock walked . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . McCracken singled to center , Hammock scored . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney hit for Fuentes . Spivey struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney struck out swinging . Uribe struck out swinging . Ozuna ran for Zaun . Zaun walked . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 7 .	Arizona 8 , Colorado 7