Nationals - Top 1st. Delgado pitching for Braves. Lombardozzi fouled out to third. Harper reached on infield single to third. Zimmerman singled to right, Harper to second. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Simmons flied out to center. Heyward grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Delgado pitching for Braves. Morse singled to center. Desmond struck out swinging. Espinosa singled to right, Morse to third. Flores struck out looking. Detwiler singled to right, Morse scored, Espinosa to second. Lombardozzi flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Jones fouled out to first. McCann struck out looking. Diaz lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Delgado pitching for Braves. Harper struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche safe at first on error by second baseman Wilson. Morse reached on infield single to shortstop, LaRoche to second, LaRoche to third, Morse to second on throwing error by shortstop Simmons. Desmond singled to left, LaRoche and Morse scored, Desmond to second, Desmond thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Freeman walked. Wilson popped out to second. Delgado sacrificed to pitcher, Freeman to second. Bourn reached on infield single to third, Freeman to third. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Delgado pitching for Braves. Espinosa grounded out to third. Flores homered to left. Detwiler grounded out to shortstop. Lombardozzi flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Heyward grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to pitcher. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Morse singled to center, Zimmerman to third. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Diaz doubled to left. Freeman lined out to center. Wilson grounded out to third. Francisco hit for Martinez. Francisco hit by pitch. Bourn safe at first on error by pitcher Detwiler, Diaz to third, Francisco to second. Simmons flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Espinosa grounded out to third. Flores flied out to right. Detwiler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Heyward lined out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Lombardozzi doubled to deep left. Harper grounded out to second, Lombardozzi to third. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Diaz flied out to center. Freeman hit by pitch. Wilson reached on bunt single to pitcher, Freeman to second. Prado hit for Varvaro. Freeman to third, Wilson to second on balk by Detwiler. Prado singled to right, Freeman scored, Wilson to third. Bourn hit sacrifice fly to left, Wilson scored. Simmons homered to left, Prado scored. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Bernadina in left field. Heyward struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Durbin pitching for Braves. Prado at second base. Morse homered to right center. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa struck out swinging. Flores doubled to deep left center. Venters pitching for Braves. Bernadina reached on infield single to shortstop, Flores to third. Burnett walked, Bernadina to second. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Harper in right field. Ankiel in center field. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to right. McCann struck out swinging. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Venters pitching for Braves. Zimmerman struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Ankiel singled to right, Ankiel out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Freeman doubled to right center. Hinske hit for Venters. Hinske flied out to center. Prado walked. Bourn flied out to center. Simmons flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Braves 4.	Morse rescues Nationals after lead squandered