Nationals - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Espinosa reached on infield single to second. Harper fouled out to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Espinosa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pagan struck out swinging. Scutaro doubled to deep center. Cabrera lined out to center. Posey walked. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Werth flied out to right. LaRoche struck out swinging. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pence singled to deep right. Belt doubled to deep left, Pence scored, Belt out stretching at third. Crawford flied out to left. Bumgarner grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Flores flied out to center. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Zimmermann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Pagan grounded out to second. Scutaro singled to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Posey popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Espinosa singled to center. Harper sacrificed to catcher, Espinosa to second, Harper safe at first on error by pitcher Bumgarner. Zimmerman flied out to right. Werth flied out to left. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Sandoval grounded out to first. Pence struck out swinging. Belt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Moore grounded out to shortstop. Flores grounded out to catcher. Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Crawford grounded out to second. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Pagan singled to right. Scutaro singled to right, Pagan to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Zimmermann singled to right. Espinosa lined out to second. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Zimmermann out at second. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Posey flied out to right. Sandoval walked. Pence singled to right, Sandoval to second. Belt singled to deep right, Sandoval scored, Pence to third, Belt out stretching at second. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Crawford flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Werth tripled to deep right center. LaRoche reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth scored. Moore flied out to right. Flores flied out to right. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Mattheus pitching for Nationals. Bumgarner walked. Pagan flied out to center. Scutaro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bumgarner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Izturis hit for Mattheus. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa struck out swinging. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Cabrera doubled to left. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Storen. Posey walked. Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Pence singled to left, Posey to second. Belt singled to right, Posey scored, Pence to second. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Crawford singled to right, Pence scored, Belt to third. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Pagan reached on infield single to shortstop, Belt scored, Crawford to second. Scutaro safe at first on error by shortstop Espinosa, Crawford to third, Pagan out overrunning second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Arias at third base. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Werth walked. LaRoche grounded out to third, Werth to second. Moore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Giants 6.	Bumgarner, Belt lift Giants over Nationals