Rangers - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lofton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bloomquist. Kinsler singled to right, Lofton to second. Young grounded out to first, Lofton to third, Kinsler to second. Teixeira struck out looking. Sosa singled to deep left, Lofton and Kinsler scored. Sosa to second on wild pitch by Ramirez. Cruz walked. Kata flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Suzuki homered to right. Beltre flied out to right. Vidro homered to right. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson doubled to left. Guillen safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kata, Sexson to third. Johjima struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Stewart flied out to right. Hairston grounded out to third. Lofton singled to left. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Lopez walked. Bloomquist lined out to center. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez to second. Lopez to third, Suzuki to second on balk by McCarthy. Beltre singled to left, Lopez scored, Suzuki to third. Vidro homered to right, Suzuki and Beltre scored. Ibanez fouled out to third. Sexson flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Young lined out to right. Teixeira grounded out to second. Loe pitching for Rangers. Sosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to second. Johjima singled to left, Johjima out stretching at second. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Cruz reached on infield single to second. Kata popped out to second. Stewart walked, Cruz to second. Hairston lined into double play, center to second, Cruz doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on bunt single to third. Suzuki stole second. Beltre walked. Vidro reached on infield single to pitcher, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Ibanez singled to center, Suzuki and Beltre scored, Vidro to second. Sexson grounded out to shortstop, Vidro to third, Ibanez to second. Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Kata, Vidro scored, Ibanez to third. Johjima reached on infield single to pitcher, Ibanez scored, Guillen to second, Guillen to third, Johjima to second on throwing error by pitcher Loe. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lofton grounded out to second. Kinsler walked. Young flied out to right, Kinsler to second. Teixeira singled to center, Kinsler scored. Sosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Bloomquist lined out to right. Suzuki flied out to left. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Cruz flied out to right. Kata safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Stewart doubled to deep left, Kata scored. Hairston singled to center, Stewart to third. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart scored, Hairston out at second. Kinsler grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Chen pitching for Rangers. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez grounded out to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Sexson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to second. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Sosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Chen pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out swinging. Johjima doubled to deep left. Lopez struck out swinging. Bloomquist walked. Suzuki singled to center, Johjima scored, Bloomquist to third. Beltre homered to left, Bloomquist and Suzuki scored. Ellison in right field. Betancourt at shortstop. Ellison in right field. Bloomquist at second base. Vidro lined out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Cruz flied out to center. Kata struck out swinging. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Stewart grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Broussard hit for Sexson. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Broussard struck out swinging. Broussard at first base. Putz pitching for Mariners. Betancourt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Hairston struck out swinging. Lofton struck out swinging. Kinsler homered to left. Young grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Mariners 14.	Ichiro, Beltre, Vidro hammer Rangers in M's win