Rangers - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Lofton flied out to left. Catalanotto flied out to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Wright pitching for Rangers. Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher. Phillips reached on bunt single to third. Phillips caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Griffey Jr homered to center. Dunn homered to right. Encarnacion flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Sosa flied out to center. Laird safe at first on error by third baseman Encarnacion. Kinsler lined out to shortstop. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Wright pitching for Rangers. Hamilton doubled to right. Gonzalez singled to shallow left, Hamilton to third. Ross lined out to second. Harang sacrificed to first, Gonzalez to second. Hatteberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Metcalf grounded out to shortstop. Wright struck out swinging. Lofton singled to right. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Wright pitching for Rangers. Phillips singled to right. Griffey Jr homered to right center, Phillips scored. Dunn grounded out to first. Encarnacion reached first base on catcher's interference. Encarnacion batting. Hamilton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Young singled to right. Sosa struck out swinging. Young caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Laird tripled to deep right center. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez singled to center. Ross singled to shallow right, Gonzalez to second. Harang grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third, Ross to second. Hatteberg grounded out to second, Ross to third, Harang to second. Phillips flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Reds. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Metcalf doubled to deep right center. Wright sacrificed to pitcher, Metcalf to third. Lofton walked. Catalanotto safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez, Metcalf scored, Lofton to second. Young walked, Lofton to third, Catalanotto to second. Sosa grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Dunn walked. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Reds. Laird flied out to right. Kinsler singled to left. Wilkerson walked, Kinsler to second. Diaz hit for Wright. Metcalf doubled to deep right center, Kinsler and Wilkerson scored. Diaz grounded out to shortstop, Metcalf to third. Stanton pitching for Reds. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Lofton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Hamilton singled to right. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to right, Hamilton to third. Ross homered to left, Hamilton and Gonzalez scored. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg singled to shallow left. Phillips struck out swinging. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Griffey Jr flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Salmon pitching for Reds. Catalanotto flied out to center. Young flied out to center. Sosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Dunn walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. Dunn caught stealing first, catcher to shortstop to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Salmon pitching for Reds. Laird reached on bunt single to third. Hopper in left field. Kinsler flied out to center. Wilkerson walked, Laird to second. Byrd hit for Mahay. Metcalf flied out to center. Laird to third, Wilkerson to second on wild pitch by Salmon. Byrd singled to left, Laird scored, Wilkerson to third. Coutlangus pitching for Reds. Byrd in center field. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrd out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Valentin hit for Coutlangus. Ross homered to left center. Valentin popped out to shortstop. Weathers pitching for Reds. Hatteberg grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Catalanotto popped out to third. Young flied out to center. Sosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Reds 8.	Griffey, Ross hit two homers apiece in Reds' win