Devil Rays - Top 1st. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Gomes singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging, Gomes stole second. Upton grounded out to third, Gomes to third. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Catalanotto flied out to center. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Gabbard pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to right. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Harris walked. Wilson struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Byrd grounded out to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Botts reached on infield single to first. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Botts to second. Vazquez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Zobrist grounded out to shortstop. Gomes doubled to deep center. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Upton walked. Pena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Murphy doubled to deep right. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Murphy to third. Kinsler walked. Kinsler stole second. Young walked. Byrd singled to left, Murphy and Kinsler scored, Young to second. Wilkerson walked, Young to third, Byrd to second. Botts grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Young grounded out to shortstop. Harris walked. Wilson singled to left, Harris to second. Navarro reached on infield single to second, Harris to third, Wilson to second. Zobrist lined into double play, first to shortstop, Wilson doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Saltalamacchia grounded out to pitcher. Vazquez walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vazquez out at second. Catalanotto tripled to deep right, Murphy scored. Kinsler flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Gomes fouled out to catcher. Crawford grounded out to third. Upton doubled to deep right. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hammel pitching for Devil Rays. Young homered to center. Byrd doubled to right. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Wilkerson singled to right, Byrd scored, Wilkerson to second advancing on throw. Botts doubled to deep center, Wilkerson scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Vazquez lined out to second. Murphy doubled to left center, Botts scored. Catalanotto lined out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Young singled to right. Harris struck out swinging. Wilson struck out looking. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Kinsler flied out to right. Young grounded out to first. Byrd grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Melhuse at third base. Vazquez at shortstop. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Zobrist hit by pitch. Gomes struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Upton walked, Zobrist to second. Pena walked, Zobrist to third, Upton to second. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Stokes pitching for Devil Rays. Wilkerson singled to left. Botts grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Harris fouled out to first. Wilson reached on infield single to pitcher. Navarro struck out swinging, Wilson to second on wild pitch by Francisco. Zobrist struck out swinging, Zobrist safe at first on wild pitch by Francisco, Wilson to third. Gomes singled to left, Wilson scored, Zobrist to third, Gomes to second advancing on throw. Crawford flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Devil Rays. Vazquez singled to left. Murphy doubled to left center, Vazquez to third. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Kinsler doubled to deep center, Vazquez and Murphy scored. Melhuse grounded out to second, Kinsler to third. Byrd walked. Wilkerson lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Cruz in right field. Murphy in left field. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Upton struck out swinging. Pena flied out to center. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 1 - Rangers 9.	Young's 100th homer highlights Rangers' romp