Royals - Top 1st. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. German grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right center, DeJesus to third. Butler grounded out to third, DeJesus scored, Grudzielanek to third. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Catalanotto homered to right. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Brown popped out to second. Gordon singled to center. Buck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Byrd singled to center. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Melhuse struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Pena popped out to second. German grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto walked. Kinsler reached on bunt single to third, Catalanotto to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second, Catalanotto to third. Sosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Butler singled to right. Teahen reached on bunt single to pitcher, Butler to second. Brown grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Byrd reached on infield single to third. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Bale pitching for Royals. Melhuse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Gordon struck out swinging. Buck struck out swinging. Pena popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Bale pitching for Royals. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Murphy singled to right, Saltalamacchia to third. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Kinsler singled to right, Saltalamacchia scored, Murphy to second. Braun pitching for Royals. Young struck out looking. Sosa reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to third, Kinsler to second. Byrd flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. German walked. DeJesus flied out to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher, German to second. German to third on wild pitch by Rheinecker. Butler intentionally walked. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Braun pitching for Royals. Wilkerson struck out looking. Melhuse flied out to left. Saltalamacchia reached on infield single to third. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Brown grounded out to second. Gordon homered to right. Buck singled to center. Pena grounded out to pitcher, Buck to second. German grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Braun pitching for Royals. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. DeJesus flied out to right. Eyre pitching for Rangers. Grudzielanek singled to center. Butler singled to center, Grudzielanek to third. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Grudzielanek scored, Butler to second. Gathright hit for Brown. Gathright grounded out to shortstop, Butler to third, Teahen to second. Gordon intentionally walked. Buck doubled to deep right center, Butler, Teahen and Gordon scored. Pena flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Gathright in left field. Greinke pitching for Royals. Sosa grounded out to third. Byrd struck out swinging. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. German struck out swinging. DeJesus flied out to center. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to third. Butler walked, Grudzielanek to second. Murray pitching for Rangers. Teahen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Melhuse grounded out to pitcher. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Murphy lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Rangers 2.	Teahen, Buck help Royals end Rangers' win streak