Athletics - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Thompson struck out looking. Hannahan struck out looking. Swisher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Kinsler struck out swinging. Hairston flied out to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Cust struck out looking. Ellis singled to center. Johnson flied out to right. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Murphy walked, Ellis to second. Bowen walked, Ellis to third, Murphy to second. DaVanon walked, Ellis scored, Murphy to third, Bowen to second. Thompson popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Sosa singled to left. Byrd singled to left, Sosa to second. Botts singled to center, Sosa scored, Byrd to third. Cruz singled to center, Byrd scored, Botts to second. Laird sacrificed to third, Botts to third, Cruz to second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to third. Kinsler walked. Hairston walked, Botts scored, Cruz to third, Kinsler to second. Young safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Murphy, Cruz and Kinsler scored, Hairston to third. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Sosa homered to left, Hairston and Young scored. Byrd flied out to left. 8 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Hannahan walked. Swisher struck out swinging. Cust struck out looking. Ellis singled to left, Hannahan to second. Johnson walked, Hannahan to third, Ellis to second. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Murphy lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Botts walked. Cruz struck out swinging. Laird doubled to deep left, Botts to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Bowen walked. DaVanon flied out to left. Thompson walked, Bowen to second. Hannahan hit by pitch, Bowen to third, Thompson to second. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Bowen scored. Cust walked, Thompson to third, Hannahan to second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hannahan out at third, Cust to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Hairston flied out to right. Young singled to center. Sosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Johnson safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Saltalamacchia. White pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out looking. Bowen struck out looking. DaVanon singled to right, Johnson to third. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DaVanon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Botts flied out to left. Cruz tripled to deep center. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. White pitching for Rangers. Hannahan struck out swinging. Swisher homered to left. Cust walked. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Johnson flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Kinsler hit by pitch. Hairston flied out to left. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Sosa singled to left, Kinsler scored, Young to second. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sosa out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson at first base. Murphy grounded out to third. Bowen singled to center. DaVanon safe at first on error by shortstop Young, Bowen to second. Thompson singled to center, Bowen scored, DaVanon to third. Hannahan singled to right, DaVanon scored, Thompson to second. Swisher walked, Thompson to third, Hannahan to second. Cust struck out swinging. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Ellis doubled to deep left, Thompson, Hannahan and Swisher scored, Ellis to third on error by catcher Laird. Johnson grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Botts reached on infield single to catcher. Murphy ran for Botts. Cruz singled to center, Murphy to second. Laird bunt popped out to pitcher. Wilkerson flied out to center, Murphy to third, Cruz to second. Kinsler intentionally walked. Hairston singled to left, Murphy and Cruz scored, Kinsler to second. Young singled to right, Kinsler scored, Hairston to third. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Sosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Murphy in left field. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out swinging. Bowen grounded out to second. DaVanon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Street pitching for Athletics. Byrd grounded out to second. Murphy flied out to right. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Thompson flied out to right. Hannahan flied out to center. Swisher homered to right center. Cust struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Rangers 12.	Sosa's moon shot helps Rangers sweep A's