Rangers - Top 1st. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Catalanotto singled to center. Kinsler struck out looking. Young flied out to left. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Stewart singled to center. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart out at second. Swisher singled to left, Barton to second. Cust doubled to deep center, Barton and Swisher scored. Ellis grounded out to shortstop, Cust to third. Johnson walked. Scutaro popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Botts homered to center. Blalock doubled to deep right. Murphy grounded out to second, Blalock to third. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Hannahan lined out to left. Bowen struck out looking. Stewart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Catalanotto lined out to shortstop. Kinsler struck out swinging. Young singled to center. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Barton doubled to deep right. Swisher homered to center, Barton scored. Cust walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cust out at second. Johnson struck out looking, Ellis stole second, Ellis to third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Scutaro flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Botts walked. Blalock walked, Botts to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blalock out at second, Botts to third. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Hannahan singled to left. Bowen struck out looking. Stewart fouled out to first. Barton singled to center, Hannahan to second. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Vazquez struck out looking. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Kinsler flied out to left. Young singled to right, Catalanotto to second. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Cust walked. Ellis singled to right, Cust to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to right, Cust scored, Ellis to second. White pitching for Rangers. Hannahan doubled to deep center, Ellis scored. Bowen lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Botts struck out swinging. Blalock singled to right. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. White pitching for Rangers. Stewart walked. Barton popped out to shortstop. Swisher walked, Stewart to second. Cust grounded out to second, Stewart to third, Swisher to second. Ellis intentionally walked. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia singled to left. Vazquez hit ground rule double to deep left, Saltalamacchia to third. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Catalanotto singled to left, Saltalamacchia and Vazquez scored. Kinsler hit by pitch, Catalanotto to second. Young doubled to deep center, Catalanotto and Kinsler scored. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Byrd grounded out to third. Botts popped out to shortstop. Blalock walked. Murphy flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Rheinecker pitching for Rangers. Byrd in left field. Cruz in right field. Scutaro singled to left center. Hannahan grounded out to third, Scutaro to second. Bowen struck out looking. Stewart lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Lugo pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Vazquez walked. Guzman ran for Vazquez. Catalanotto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Metcalf at third base. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Barton grounded out to first. Swisher popped out to second. Cust popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Swisher in right field. DaVanon in center field. Kinsler grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. Byrd grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Athletics 6.	Swisher, Cust carry A's to tight win over Rangers