Mariners - Top 1st. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Haniger flied out to right. France grounded out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Mullins flied out to left. Stewart popped out to shortstop. Santander singled to center. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santander out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Marmolejos doubled to right. Torrens grounded out to second, Marmolejos to third. Trammell struck out looking. Moore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Franco flied out to center. Mountcastle doubled to left. Urías struck out looking. Sisco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Haggerty singled to right center. Haniger doubled to deep right, Haggerty to third. France walked. Seager hit sacrifice fly to left, Haggerty scored. Marmolejos homered to right (391 feet), Haniger scored and France scored. Torrens struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Galvis singled to left. Galvis to second on wild pitch by Margevicius. Mullins struck out swinging. Stewart safe at first on fielding error by second baseman France, Galvis safe at third on error. Santander hit by pitch, Stewart to second. Mancini struck out swinging. Franco doubled to left, Galvis scored, Santander scored on error and Stewart scored, Franco safe at third on fielding error by catcher Torrens. Mountcastle singled to right, Franco scored. Mountcastle stole second. Urías flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Orioles. Trammell struck out swinging. Moore flied out to right. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Margevicius pitching for Mariners. Sisco singled to right. Galvis walked, Sisco to second. Vest pitching for Mariners. Mullins doubled to right, Sisco scored, Galvis to third. Stewart struck out swinging. Santander hit sacrifice fly to left, Galvis scored. Mancini walked. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mancini out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Haggerty grounded out to first. Haniger singled to left center. France flied out to left. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Mountcastle grounded out to second. Urías flied out to right. Sisco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. McKenna in left field. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Marmolejos struck out swinging. Torrens flied out to right. Trammell walked. Moore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Galvis flied out to left. Mullins walked. Mullins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Crawford singled to center. Haggerty homered to right (409 feet), Crawford scored. Valdez pitching for Orioles. Haniger singled to right center. France struck out swinging. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to first, Haniger out at second. Marmolejos grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Sadler pitching for Mariners. Santander popped out to second. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Franco walked. McKenna safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Sadler, Franco to second. Ruiz ran for Franco. McKenna to second on wild pitch by Sadler, Ruiz to third on wild pitch by Sadler. Urías singled to center, Ruiz scored, McKenna to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 6 - Orioles 7.	Seager, Mariners stay perfect in extras, beat Orioles 4-3