Orioles - Top 1st. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Mullins singled to left. Mancini popped out to second. Mullins to second on wild pitch by Mejia. Santander struck out swinging. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Hernandez singled to left. Rosario hit by pitch, Hernandez to second. Rosario to second on wild pitch by Kremer, Hernandez to third on wild pitch by Kremer. Ramírez singled to left, Hernandez scored, Ramírez to second, Rosario to third. Rosario hit sacrifice fly to left, Rosario scored, Ramírez to third. Bradley singled to left, Ramírez scored. Ramírez grounded into double play, second to first, Bradley out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Galvis flied out to center. Mountcastle singled to center. Severino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mountcastle out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Naylor grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Zimmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Wilkerson singled to right center. Valaika flied out to right. Mullins grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Hernandez struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Carlos Mejia pitching for Indians. Mancini walked. Santander doubled to deep center, Mancini to third. Stewart grounded out to first, Mancini scored, Santander to third. Galvis grounded out to pitcher, Santander scored. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Rosario singled to center. Bradley grounded into double play, second to third to first, Rosario out at second. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sandlin pitching for Indians. Severino struck out swinging. Wilkerson fouled out to third. Valaika struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Naylor lined out to center. Rivera grounded out to second. Zimmer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sandlin pitching for Indians. Mullins struck out swinging. Mancini grounded out to pitcher. Shaw pitching for Indians. Santander lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Kremer pitching for Orioles. Hernandez safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Mountcastle. Hernandez to second on passed ball by Severino. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Wells pitching for Orioles. Ramírez continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by second baseman Wilkerson. Ramírez doubled to deep right, Hernandez scored. Rosario grounded out to second, Ramírez to third. Bradley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Stewart walked. Galvis flied out to right. Mountcastle flied out to left. Severino walked, Stewart to second. Franco hit for Wilkerson. Franco singled to right, Stewart scored, Severino to second. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Valaika flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Franco at third base. Valaika at second base. Wells pitching for Orioles. Ramírez fouled out to first. Naylor popped out to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Mullins walked. Mullins stole second. Mancini struck out looking. Santander struck out swinging. Mullins stole third. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Scott pitching for Orioles. Zimmer flied out to left. Hernandez grounded out to catcher. Rosario grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Clase pitching for Indians. Galvis struck out swinging. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Severino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Indians 4.	Indians shake off Bieber injury; O's 16th straight road loss