Orioles - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Astros. Mullins singled to right. Mullins stole second. Hays flied out to left. Mancini struck out looking. Mullins to third on wild pitch by Greinke. Mountcastle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Eshelman pitching for Orioles. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to second. Gurriel doubled to left. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Astros. McKenna struck out looking. Severino reached on infield single to third. Leyba lined out to center. Urías grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Eshelman pitching for Orioles. Correa lined out to left. Tucker flied out to right. Straw reached on infield single to third. García lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Astros. Valaika popped out to second. Mullins grounded out to second. Hays singled to left center. Mancini singled to center, Hays to second. Mountcastle singled to left, Hays scored, Mancini to second. McKenna grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Eshelman pitching for Orioles. Maldonado doubled to deep left. Altuve walked. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Altuve out at second, Maldonado to third. Gurriel grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brantley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Severino walked. Leyba reached on infield single to third, Severino to second. Urías grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Leyba out at second, Severino to third. Valaika struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Eshelman pitching for Orioles. Alvarez walked. Correa singled to center, Alvarez to third. Tucker hit sacrifice fly to center, Alvarez scored. Straw flied out to right. García singled to right center, Correa to second. Maldonado walked, García to second, Correa to third. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Altuve walked, Correa scored, Maldonado to second, García to third. Brantley fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Astros. Mullins singled to right. Mullins stole second, Mullins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado. Hays struck out swinging. Mancini fouled out to first. Mountcastle homered to right (382 feet), Mullins scored. McKenna lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Gurriel flied out to center. Alvarez struck out swinging. Correa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Severino popped out to catcher. Leyba walked. Urías flied out to right. Valaika struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Tucker reached on infield single to shortstop, Tucker safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Urías. Straw grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Straw to second, Tucker out at second in rundown. García walked. Harvey pitching for Orioles. Maldonado lined out to right. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to second, García out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Taylor pitching for Astros. Mullins struck out swinging. Hays singled to center. Mancini singled to shallow center, Hays to second. Mountcastle walked, Mancini to second, Hays to third. McKenna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hays scored, Mountcastle out at second, Mancini to third. Severino struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Harvey pitching for Orioles. Brantley singled to left center. Gurriel walked, Brantley to second. Scott pitching for Orioles. Alvarez struck out looking. Correa walked, Gurriel to second, Brantley to third. Tucker walked, Brantley scored, Correa to second, Gurriel to third. Straw walked, Gurriel scored, Tucker to second, Correa to third. Wells pitching for Orioles. García struck out looking. Maldonado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Bielak pitching for Astros. Leyba lined out to left. Urías struck out swinging. Valaika struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Brantley lined out to right. Gurriel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Bielak pitching for Astros. Mullins singled to right. Hays homered to left (353 feet), Mullins scored. Mancini struck out looking. Mountcastle walked. McKenna singled to right center, Mountcastle to second. Severino doubled to left, McKenna scored and Mountcastle scored. Garza Jr. pitching for Astros. Leyba flied out to left. Urías doubled to deep left center, Severino scored. Valaika lined out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Fry pitching for Orioles. Alvarez struck out looking. Correa hit by pitch. Toro ran for Correa. Tucker singled to right, Toro to second. Straw singled to center, Toro scored, Tucker to third. García singled to right center, Tucker scored, Straw to second. Castro hit for Maldonado. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Castro walked, García to second, Straw to third. Altuve hit sacrifice fly to left, Straw scored. Brantley flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Astros 7.	Hays homers in 5-run 9th to lift Orioles over Astros 9-7