White Sox - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Anderson struck out swinging. Moncada lined out to right. Abreu lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Mullins grounded out to second. Hays grounded out to third. Mancini doubled to deep right. Mountcastle walked. Santander grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mountcastle out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Goodwin grounded out to shortstop. Engel grounded out to shortstop. García singled to left center. Vaughn singled to right, García to second. Sheets struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Urías homered to left (370 feet). Severino struck out swinging. Valaika grounded out to shortstop. Gutiérrez singled to right. Mullins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Zavala struck out swinging. Anderson singled to right. Moncada flied out to center, Anderson to second. Abreu walked. Goodwin doubled to deep right, Anderson scored, Abreu to third. Engel grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Hays flied out to right. Mancini flied out to right. Mountcastle grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. García lined out to right. Vaughn singled to shallow right. Sheets fouled out to third. Vaughn to second on wild pitch by López. Zavala struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Santander doubled to deep right center. Urías grounded out to shortstop. Severino grounded out to third. Valaika lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Anderson singled to shallow right. Moncada singled to right, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to right, Anderson scored, Moncada to second. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Goodwin fouled out to third. Engel popped out to second. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez singled to center. Mullins singled to center, Gutierrez to second. Hays grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mullins out at second, Gutierrez to third. Mancini flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Vaughn walked. Sheets walked, Vaughn to second. Tate pitching for Orioles. Zavala sacrificed to third, Sheets to second, Vaughn to third. Anderson doubled to deep right, Sheets scored and Vaughn scored. Moncada walked. Abreu walked, Moncada to second, Anderson to third. Goodwin walked, Anderson scored, Abreu to second, Moncada to third. Engel hit sacrifice fly to right, Moncada scored, Abreu to third. García struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Mountcastle safe at first on throwing error by second baseman García. Santander fouled out to third. Urías singled to center, Mountcastle to second. Severino struck out looking. Valaika struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Valdez pitching for Orioles. Vaughn grounded out to third. Sheets homered to right (380 feet). Zavala doubled to left. Anderson struck out swinging. Moncada walked. Moncada to second on wild pitch by Valdez, Zavala to third on wild pitch by Valdez. Abreu doubled to deep left center, Moncada scored and Zavala scored. Goodwin grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Keuchel pitching for White Sox. Gutierrez grounded out to second. Mullins grounded out to first. Hays grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Anderson pitching for Orioles. Engel struck out swinging. García grounded out to second. Vaughn doubled to deep right center. Sheets walked. Zavala struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Mendick at shortstop. Burger at third base. Kopech pitching for White Sox. Mancini struck out swinging. Mountcastle struck out swinging. Santander struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Anderson pitching for Orioles. Mendick struck out swinging. Burger safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gutierrez. Collins hit for Abreu. Collins hit by pitch, Burger to second. Goodwin flied out to left. Engel homered to left (375 feet), Burger scored and Collins scored. García singled to center. Leyba at second base. Pat Valaika pitching for Orioles. Vaughn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, García out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Collins at first base. Foster pitching for White Sox. Sheets in right field. Urías grounded out to shortstop. Severino flied out to right. Valaika flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 12 - Orioles 1.	Sheets homers, Keuchel strong as White Sox beat Orioles 12-1