Orioles - Top 1st. Mize pitching for Tigers. Mullins tripled to deep right. Hays grounded out to third. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mancini to second, Mullins out at home in rundown. Stewart walked. Urías grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Orioles. Baddoo walked. Baddoo to second on pickoff error by pitcher Wells, Baddoo picked off third. Schoop singled to left, Baddoo scored. Grossman struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left center, Schoop to third. Haase hit sacrifice fly to left, Schoop scored, Cabrera to second. Candelario lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Mize pitching for Tigers. McKenna grounded out to first. Franco walked. Leyba grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Franco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Orioles. Castro grounded out to third. Short flied out to second. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Mize pitching for Tigers. Wynns grounded out to third. Mullins bunt grounded out to pitcher. Hays grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Orioles. Baddoo flied out to center. Schoop doubled to left. Grossman grounded out to second, Schoop to third. Cabrera walked. Haase singled to left, Schoop scored, Cabrera to second. Candelario reached on infield single to shortstop, Haase to second, Cabrera to third. Castro flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Mize pitching for Tigers. Mancini struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Urías hit by pitch. McKenna reached on infield single to shortstop, Urías to second. Franco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Short struck out swinging. Hill walked. Baddoo struck out swinging. Schoop flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Mize pitching for Tigers. Leyba flied out to center. Wynns grounded out to catcher. Mullins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Grossman flied out to right. Cabrera homered to right (363 feet). Haase flied out to left. Candelario reached on infield single to shortstop, Candelario safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Urías. Castro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Mize pitching for Tigers. Hays flied out to shortstop. Mancini grounded out to second. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Short flied out to right. Hill walked. Hill caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Baddoo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Mize pitching for Tigers. Urías flied out to center. McKenna singled to right center. Franco singled to shallow right, McKenna to third. Leyba flied out to left, McKenna scored on throwing error by left fielder Baddoo. Wynns grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Franco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Plutko pitching for Orioles. Schoop flied out to center. Grossman flied out to second. Cabrera homered to right (380 feet). Haase singled to left. Candelario tripled to right, Haase scored. Castro flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Cisnero pitching for Tigers. Mullins walked. Hays walked, Mullins to second. Mancini grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hays out at second, Mullins to third. Stewart walked. Mullins scored on Cisnero wild pitch, Stewart to second on wild pitch by Cisnero. Urías grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Anderson pitching for Orioles. Short fouled out to first. Hill singled to left center. Baddoo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hill out at second. Schoop lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. McKenna struck out swinging. Franco struck out swinging. Leyba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Tigers 6.	Cabrera 2 HRs and Mize solid for Tigers in 6-2 win over O's