Rangers - Top 1st. Wells pitching for Orioles. Kiner-Falefa popped out to shortstop. Ibáñez fouled out to catcher. García singled to shallow left. Lowe homered to right (414 feet), García scored. Solak grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Howard pitching for Rangers. Mullins grounded out to second. Mountcastle singled to center. Hays fouled out to first. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Wells pitching for Orioles. Culberson grounded out to shortstop. Peters lined out to left. Heim grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Howard pitching for Rangers. Severino singled to left center. McKenna struck out swinging. Valaika singled to right, Severino to third. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Severino scored, Valaika out at second. Gutierrez singled to right, Martin to second. Mullins homered to center (397 feet), Martin scored and Gutierrez scored. Mountcastle struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Wells pitching for Orioles. Taveras popped out to second. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to third. Ibáñez struck out looking. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kiner-Falefa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Howard pitching for Rangers. Hays singled to left. Mancini struck out swinging. Severino flied out to center. Hays caught stealing second, catcher to second. Spencer Howard pitches to Ryan McKenna. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Lowe singled to center. Solak walked, Lowe to second. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Solak out at second, Lowe to third. Peters singled to center, Lowe scored, Culberson to second. Heim grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peters out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Howard pitching for Rangers. McKenna struck out looking. Valaika flied out to left. Martin lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Taveras lined out to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. Ibáñez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez grounded out to pitcher. Mullins walked. Mountcastle flied out to right. Hays fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Tate pitching for Orioles. García reached on infield single to third. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to second, García out at second. Solak singled to right, Lowe to second. Holt hit for Culberson. Abad pitching for Orioles. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Solak out at second, Lowe to third. Peters grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Holt at third base. Anderson pitching for Rangers. Mancini grounded out to third. Severino popped out to first. McKenna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Abad pitching for Orioles. Heim grounded out to third. Taveras struck out looking. Krehbiel pitching for Orioles. Kiner-Falefa singled to right. Ibáñez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Rangers. Valaika struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Gutierrez reached on infield single to second. Mullins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Krehbiel pitching for Orioles. García grounded out to third. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Lowe lined out to center. Solak doubled to left. Holt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Mountcastle reached on infield single to third. Hays popped out to first. Mancini lined out to left. Severino walked, Mountcastle to second. McKenna singled to center, Mountcastle scored, Severino to second. Valaika struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Wells pitching for Orioles. Peters tripled to deep center. Calhoun hit for Heim. Greene pitching for Orioles. Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to center, Peters scored. Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to catcher, Taveras to second. Ibáñez walked, Kiner-Falefa to second, Taveras to third. García doubled to left, Taveras scored and Kiner-Falefa scored, Ibáñez to third. Hanhold pitching for Orioles. Lowe intentionally walked. Solak grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibáñez scored, Lowe out at second, García to third. García stole home, Solak stole second. Holt struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Trevino catching. Barlow pitching for Rangers. Martin grounded out to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Mullins walked. Mountcastle flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Orioles 5.	Rangers rally past Orioles, 8-5