Rockies - Top 1st. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to center. Barnes singled to left, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Morneau popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gordon reached on bunt single to pitcher. Puig sacrificed to third, Gordon to second. Gordon stole third. Kemp grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to right, Gordon scored. Uribe grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Arenado singled to center. Rutledge flied out to right. Pacheco struck out swinging. De La Rosa reached on infield single to shortstop, Arenado to second, Arenado to third, De La Rosa to second on throwing error by shortstop Turner. Blackmon hit by pitch. Barnes singled to center, Arenado and De La Rosa scored, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Van Slyke grounded out to third. Turner lined out to center. Federowicz singled to left. Ryu singled to center, Federowicz to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Arenado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Puig hit by pitch. Kemp struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Puig out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge grounded out to third. Pacheco lined out to right. De La Rosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Uribe lined out to right. Van Slyke grounded out to third. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon doubled to right center. Barnes sacrificed to catcher, Blackmon to third, Barnes safe at first on error by pitcher Ryu. Blackmon to third on error by pitcher Ryu. Blackmon scored, Barnes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Federowicz grounded out to third. Ryu struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers. Morneau doubled to left. Arenado singled to left center, Morneau to third, Arenado to second advancing on throw. Rutledge homered to left (398 feet), Morneau and Arenado scored. League pitching for Dodgers. Pacheco grounded out to third. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Blackmon flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Puig grounded out to pitcher. Kemp lined out to left. Gonzalez walked. Uribe popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. League pitching for Dodgers. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Federowicz walked. Crawford hit for League. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Morneau doubled to right. Arenado popped out to second. Rutledge safe at first on error by center fielder Kemp. Pacheco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rutledge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Gordon flied out to center. Puig struck out swinging. Kemp doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez walked. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Culberson hit for Ottavino. Culberson flied out to right. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. Barnes doubled to right. Gonzalez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Van Slyke singled to center. Turner struck out swinging. Ethier hit for Federowicz. Ethier struck out looking. Ramirez hit for Wright. Ramirez reached on infield single to third, Van Slyke to second. Gordon singled to left, Van Slyke to third, Ramirez to second. Puig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at third, Gordon to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Dodgers 1.	Rutledge HR keeps Rockies rolling