Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Gregorius struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to first. Goldschmidt homered to left (395 feet). Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Ramirez flied out to left. Puig singled to left center. Puig caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Hill lined out to left. Prado grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez walked. Kemp grounded out to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Van Slyke reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Romak grounded out to second, Gonzalez scored, Van Slyke to second. Butera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Ross struck out looking. Arroyo popped out to second. Gregorius flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Beckett struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Parra grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig reached on infield single to first. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Kemp singled to left, Puig to second. Van Slyke flied out to center, Puig to third. Romak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kemp out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Hill popped out to second. Prado lined out to center. Peralta doubled to left. Peralta stole third, Peralta scored on Beckett's wild pitch. Ross singled to right, Ross out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks. Butera grounded out to pitcher. Beckett singled to center. Gordon grounded out to catcher, Beckett to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Pacheco hit for Arroyo. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Pacheco flied out to center. Gregorius struck out swinging. Parra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Puig grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kemp singled to center. Van Slyke flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Montero reached on infield single to second. Hill singled to left, Montero to third, Hill to second advancing on throw. Prado safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon, Montero and Hill scored. Peralta flied out to left. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Romak safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius. Butera walked, Romak to second. Turner hit for Beckett. Turner doubled to deep left center, Romak scored, Butera tagged out at third. Triunfel ran for Turner. Gordon hit by pitch. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez struck out swinging. Puig grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Maholm pitching for Dodgers. Campana hit for Marshall. Campana grounded out to second. Gregorius flied out to left. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Peralta in left field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Campana in center field. Gonzalez singled to center. Kemp walked, Gonzalez to second. Van Slyke grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at third, Kemp to second, Kemp to third on throwing error by third baseman Prado. Romak grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Van Slyke out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt walked. Montero homered to center (405 feet), Goldschmidt scored. Hill singled to left. Prado walked, Hill to second. Peralta struck out looking. Owings hit for Ziegler. Owings singled to right, Hill to third, Prado to second. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Campana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at home, Prado to third, Owings to second. Gregorius out on batter's interference to catcher. Gregorius batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Butera lined out to right. Ethier hit for Wright. Ethier singled to right. Gordon grounded out to first, Ethier to second. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Ethier scored. Puig flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Dodgers 3.	Diamondbacks power past sloppy Dodger,s 6-3