Dodgers - Top 1st. Flande pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to left. Dickerson walked. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Morneau lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Flande pitching for Rockies. Kemp singled to right. Van Slyke grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. Uribe reached on infield single to second. Butera singled to center, Uribe to second. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butera out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Arenado reached on infield single to third. Rosario grounded into double play, third to second to first, Arenado out at second. Stubbs doubled to deep right. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Flande pitching for Rockies. Beckett grounded out to second. Gordon reached on infield single to second. Puig lined out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Flande grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon walked. Dickerson walked, Blackmon to second. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Blackmon stole third. Dickerson stole second. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Van Slyke singled to center. Uribe flied out to center. Butera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Arenado lined out to left. Rosario grounded out to third. Stubbs singled to center. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Flande pitching for Rockies. Rojas lined out to right. Beckett doubled to deep right. Gordon singled to left, Beckett to third. Puig walked, Gordon to second. Gonzalez singled to deep center, Beckett and Gordon scored, Puig to third. Kemp singled to center, Puig scored, Gonzalez to second. Van Slyke walked, Gonzalez to third, Kemp to second. Brown pitching for Rockies. Uribe reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez scored, Kemp to third, Van Slyke to second. Butera popped out to pitcher. Rojas hit by pitch, Kemp scored, Van Slyke to third, Uribe to second. Beckett grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Brown struck out looking. Blackmon flied out to center. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Gordon struck out swinging. Puig grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Triunfel at shortstop. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki singled to left. Morneau reached on infield single to second, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morneau out at second, Tulowitzki to third, Tulowitzki scored on throwing error by shortstop Triunfel. Arenado stole second. Rosario walked. Stubbs lined out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Kemp singled to center. Van Slyke flied out to center. Uribe struck out swinging. Butera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rutledge hit for Belisle. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge struck out looking. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to second. Dickerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Triunfel walked. Robinson hit for Howell. Robinson singled to center, Triunfel to second. Gordon struck out swinging. Puig doubled to deep right center, Triunfel scored, Robinson to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Robinson scored, Puig to third. Kemp singled to center, Puig scored. Van Slyke flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki walked. Morneau singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado flied out to center, Tulowitzki to third. Rosario grounded out to shortstop, Tulowitzki scored, Morneau to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Uribe singled to left. Butera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Uribe out at second. Logan pitching for Rockies. Triunfel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Maholm pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Barnes hit for Logan. Barnes walked. Blackmon flied out to right. Barnes to second on fielder's indifference. Dickerson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Rockies 2.	Kemp's bat leads Dodgers