Cubs - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan doubled to right center. Coghlan to third on passed ball by Butera. Alcantara struck out swinging. Rizzo doubled to left, Coghlan scored. Valbuena struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Turner doubled to right. Puig reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez singled to deep right, Turner to third, Puig to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Turner scored, Gonzalez out at second, Puig to third. Kemp grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Valaika struck out swinging. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Ethier struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to second. Butera doubled to deep left. Beckett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Jackson singled to center. Coghlan lined out to center. Alcantara lined out to first. Rizzo walked, Jackson to second. Valbuena walked, Jackson to third, Rizzo to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Turner singled to right. Turner stole second. Puig grounded out to second, Turner to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Valaika walked. Schierholtz lined into double play, third to first, Valaika doubled off first. Baker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Kemp singled to shallow left. Ethier struck out looking. Kemp stole second. Uribe grounded out to shortstop, Kemp to third. Butera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Dodgers. Jackson doubled to deep center. Coghlan homered to left center (408 feet), Jackson scored. Alcantara singled to shallow right. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Crawford in left field. Alcantara caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rizzo grounded out to shortstop. Valbuena struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Crawford flied out to left. Turner flied out to left. Puig struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Sweeney struck out swinging. Valaika grounded out to pitcher. Schierholtz grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez flied out to left. Ramirez fouled out to first. Kemp homered to left center (432 feet). Van Slyke hit for Rodriguez. Van Slyke struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Baker popped out to shortstop. Ruggiano hit for Jackson. Ruggiano doubled to left center. Coghlan walked. Alcantara grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Coghlan out at second, Ruggiano to third. Rizzo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Uribe flied out to center. Butera hit ground rule double to left. Crawford lined into double play, first to shortstop, Butera doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. League pitching for Dodgers. Valbuena walked. Sweeney walked, Valbuena to second. Valaika walked, Valbuena to third, Sweeney to second. Schierholtz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Valbuena out at home, Sweeney to third, Valaika to second. Baker grounded out to second, Sweeney scored, Valaika to third, Schierholtz to second. Castro hit for Villanueva. Castro singled to center, Valaika and Schierholtz scored. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Wood ran for Castro. Coghlan walked, Wood to second. Alcantara struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Strop pitching for Cubs. Turner hit by pitch. Puig reached on infield single to first, Turner to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Turner scored, Puig out at second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Rizzo flied out to center. Valbuena homered to center (416 feet). Sweeney singled to left. Valaika lined out to shortstop. Schierholtz walked, Sweeney to second. Baker flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Rondon pitching for Cubs. Kemp struck out swinging. Gordon hit for Perez. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Uribe lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 7 - Dodgers 3.	Cubs chase struggling Beckett