Dodgers - Top 1st. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Gordon lined out to shortstop. Puig singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging, Puig stole second. Kemp homered to right (416 feet), Puig scored. Ramirez singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon walked. Rutledge grounded out to third, Blackmon to second. Blackmon stole third. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at home, Morneau to second. Cuddyer doubled to left, Morneau scored. Dickerson lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Uribe singled to center. Ellis flied out to center. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Uribe to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Rosario homered to left (398 feet). Ynoa grounded out to second. LeMahieu tripled to deep right. LeMahieu caught stealing home, to catcher. Bergman flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Puig grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon flied out to left. Rutledge singled to center. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rutledge out at second. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Ramirez lined out to center. Crawford tripled to deep right center. Uribe grounded out to third. Ellis intentionally walked. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Dickerson lined out to left. Rosario singled to center. Ynoa singled to shallow left, Rosario to second. LeMahieu walked, Rosario to third, Ynoa to second. Bergman struck out swinging. Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Gordon doubled to center. Puig flied out to center, Gordon to third. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, Gordon scored. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge popped out to second. Morneau singled to left. Cuddyer grounded out to second, Morneau to second. Dickerson singled to right center, Morneau scored. Rosario flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Crawford hit by pitch. Uribe singled to left, Crawford to second. Ellis singled to left, Crawford to third, Uribe to second. Turner hit for Wright. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Turner doubled to deep right, Crawford and Uribe scored, Ellis to third. Gordon singled to left, Ellis scored, Turner to third. Masset pitching for Rockies. Gordon stole second. Puig walked. Gonzalez singled to right, Turner and Gordon scored, Puig to second. Kemp struck out swinging. Ramirez doubled to deep right center, Puig scored, Gonzalez to third. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Uribe doubled to deep center, Ramirez scored. Ellis grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Rojas at shortstop. Ynoa popped out to third. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Parker hit for Masset. Parker singled to center. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Rojas grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Puig doubled to right. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Dodgers. Rutledge hit by pitch. Morneau hit by pitch, Rutledge to second. Cuddyer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morneau out at second, Rutledge to third. Dickerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Kemp grounded out to third. Ethier hit for League. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Ethier struck out swinging. Crawford hit by pitch. Uribe walked, Crawford to second. Pederson ran for Crawford. Ellis lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Van Slyke at first base. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Ethier in right field. Pederson in left field. Rosario singled to shallow right. Ynoa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosario out at second. Adames hit for LeMahieu. Adames grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Adames at second base. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Rojas grounded out to third. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Puig grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Arruebarrena at shortstop. Butera catching. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Rojas at third base. Paulsen hit for Ottavino. Paulsen struck out swinging. Blackmon safe at first on error by shortstop Arruebarrena. Rutledge struck out looking. McBride hit for Morneau. McBride struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 11 - Rockies 3.	Dodgers ride 8-run inning to 11-3 win over Rockies