Giants - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Pence lined out to second. Panik struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Giants. Gordon grounded out to first. Puig struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Sandoval popped out to second. Susac struck out swinging. Dominguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Kemp lined out to center. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Crawford singled to right, Ramirez to third. Uribe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Arias reached on infield single to shortstop. Blanco singled to left, Arias to second. Arias to third, Blanco to second on balk by Kershaw. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arias scored. Panik singled to left center, Blanco to third, Pence to second. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Panik out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Ellis walked. Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher, Ellis to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Ellis to third. Puig grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Sandoval singled to left. Susac struck out looking. Dominguez struck out swinging. Arias popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Gonzalez lined out to center. Kemp lined out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Blanco struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to second. Pence struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Crawford hit by pitch. Crawford stole second. Uribe flied out to right, Crawford to third. Ellis popped out to shortstop. Kershaw tripled to center, Crawford scored. Gordon struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Panik lined out to left. Posey struck out swinging. Sandoval safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon. Susac singled to center, Sandoval to second. Sandoval to third, Susac to second on wild pitch by Kershaw. Dominguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Puig homered to right (393 feet). Gonzalez flied out to right. Kemp doubled to deep right center. Lopez pitching for Giants. Ramirez intentionally walked. Crawford doubled to right, Kemp and Ramirez scored. Machi pitching for Giants. Uribe singled to left, Crawford scored. Ellis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Rojas at shortstop. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Arias struck out swinging. Blanco singled to center. Duffy hit for Machi. Duffy singled to center, Blanco thrown out at third. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kershaw struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Puig lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Barney at second base. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Panik struck out swinging. Posey lined out to center. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cordier pitching for Giants. Gonzalez walked. Kemp struck out swinging. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez safe at second on error by shortstop Arias. Crawford hit by pitch, Gonzalez to third, Rojas to second. Uribe singled to right, Gonzalez and Rojas scored, Crawford to third. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford scored, Uribe out at second. Ethier hit for Kershaw. Ethier walked, Ellis to second. Barney walked, Ellis to third, Ethier to second. Puig walked, Ellis scored, Ethier to third, Barney to second. Heston pitching for Giants. Duvall at first base. Gonzalez lined out to left. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Susac doubled to left. Dominguez grounded out to shortstop. Arias flied out to right. Blanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 1 - Dodgers 9.	Kershaw seals Dodgers' NL West title