Cardinals - Top 1st. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Schumaker grounded out to second. Miles struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Weeks lined out to third. Cameron struck out swinging. Braun doubled to left. Fielder popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Ankiel flied out to center. Duncan fouled out to catcher. Kennedy lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Hall popped out to first. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Molina singled to right center. Pineiro struck out bunting foul. Ryan doubled to left, Molina to third. Schumaker grounded out to second, Molina scored, Ryan to third. Miles flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Sheets struck out swinging. Kendall walked. Weeks walked, Kendall to second. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Weeks out at second, Kendall to third. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cameron out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Pujols grounded out to third. Ankiel singled to left center. Duncan homered to right, Ankiel scored. Kennedy grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Fielder lined out to second. Hart flied out to center. Hall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Pineiro struck out swinging. Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop, Ryan to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Schumaker grounded out to first, Ryan to third. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Hardy grounded out to third. Sheets grounded out to pitcher. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Pujols singled to left. Ankiel grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. Duncan walked. Kennedy singled to left, Duncan to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Cameron flied out to right. Braun singled to center. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Pineiro struck out swinging. Ryan flied out to left. Schumaker singled to center. Miles singled to right, Schumaker to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Hart singled to right. Hall struck out swinging. Hardy walked, Hart to second. Gwynn hit for Sheets. Gwynn singled to center, Hart to third, Hardy to second. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Kendall walked, Hart scored, Hardy to third, Gwynn to second. Weeks grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hardy out at home, Gwynn to third, Kendall to second. Cameron walked, Gwynn scored, Kendall to third, Weeks to second. Braun flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Ankiel walked. Ludwick hit for Duncan. Mota pitching for Brewers. Ludwick struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded out to second, Ankiel to second. Molina walked. Glaus hit for McClellan. Glaus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Schumaker in left field. Ludwick in right field. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Fielder homered to right. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Hart flied out to center. Hall walked. Hardy reached on infield single to third, Hall to second. Dillon hit for Mota. Dillon walked, Hall to third, Hardy to second. Hall caught stealing home, catcher to third to catcher, Hardy to third, Dillon to second on runner's fielder's choice. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Brewers. Ryan singled to center. Schumaker singled to center, Ryan to second. Miles grounded out to catcher, Ryan to third, Schumaker to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Ankiel fouled out to first. Ludwick singled to left, Ryan and Schumaker scored, Pujols to second. Kennedy lined out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Miles at second base. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Izturis at third base. Weeks grounded out to second. Cameron grounded out to third. Braun doubled to left. Fielder grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Brewers 3.	Cards top Gagne, Brewers