Cardinals - Top 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Schumaker homered to right. Miles popped out to third. Ankiel homered to right. Glaus grounded out to third. Duncan lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Granderson grounded out to pitcher. Polanco singled to center. Guillen singled to right, Polanco to third. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at home, Guillen to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Molina grounded out to third. Kennedy flied out to center. Stavinoha reached on infield single to third. Ryan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Thames struck out swinging. Sheffield doubled to deep left center. Renteria reached on infield single to first, Sheffield scored on throwing error by first baseman Kennedy. Rodriguez singled to right, Renteria to second. Granderson singled to center, Renteria scored, Rodriguez thrown out at third. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Schumaker singled to center. Miles safe at second on error by left fielder Thames, Schumaker to third. Ankiel hit sacrifice fly to center, Schumaker scored, Miles to third. Glaus lined out to shortstop. Duncan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Guillen singled to center. Ordonez lined out to right. Cabrera doubled to left, Guillen to third. Thames struck out looking. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Thomas in left field. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Molina singled to right center. Kennedy doubled to deep right, Molina to third. Stavinoha grounded out to third, Molina scored, Kennedy to third. Ryan flied out to center. Schumaker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Renteria flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Granderson walked. Polanco singled to center, Granderson to second. Guillen homered to right, Granderson and Polanco scored. Ordonez doubled to deep right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ordonez out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Miles lined out to second. Ankiel homered to right. Glaus singled to center. Duncan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Glaus out at second. Miner pitching for Tigers. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield singled to left. Renteria flied out to right. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Kennedy hit by pitch. Stavinoha grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kennedy out at second. Ryan lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to third. Guillen doubled to left. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Schumaker walked. Miles grounded into double play, second to first, Schumaker out at second. Ankiel walked. Glaus singled to left, Ankiel to second. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Duncan walked, Ankiel to third, Glaus to second. Molina walked, Ankiel scored, Glaus to third, Duncan to second. Kennedy flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera singled to center. Thomas walked, Cabrera to second. Sheffield singled to left, Cabrera to third, Thomas to second. Renteria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera scored, Sheffield out at second, Thomas to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Stavinoha grounded out to second. Ryan walked. Ryan to second on wild pitch by Zumaya. Schumaker struck out swinging. Miles singled to left, Ryan scored. Seay pitching for Tigers. Ankiel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Schumaker in left field. Duncan at first base. Ludwick in right field. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Granderson singled to center. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Polanco bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Granderson out at second. Polanco to second on wild pitch by McClellan. Guillen grounded out to first, Polanco to third. Ordonez singled to right, Polanco scored. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Glaus grounded out to third. Duncan struck out swinging. Molina lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Thomas doubled to deep left. Sheffield singled to center, Thomas scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Tigers 8.	Sheffield's single lifts Tigers past Cards in ninth