Cardinals - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Barton reached on infield single to first. Miles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barton out at second. Pujols singled to center. Glaus singled to shallow right, Pujols to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Granderson doubled to left center. Polanco grounded out to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ankiel fouled out to third. LaRue doubled to deep right center. Kennedy singled to left, LaRue to third. Ryan walked, Kennedy to second. Barton grounded into double play, second to first, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera fouled out to first. Thomas singled to center. Sheffield grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Miles grounded out to second. Pujols singled to left. Glaus struck out swinging. Ludwick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hollimon flied out to center. Sardinha popped out to shortstop. Granderson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ankiel reached on infield single to first. LaRue grounded out to third, Ankiel to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Ryan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Polanco doubled to deep center. Polanco to third on wild pitch by Wellemeyer. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at home. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Barton flied out to center. Miles reached on bunt single to third. Pujols singled to deep left, Miles to third. Glaus struck out looking. Ludwick popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Thomas grounded out to second. Sheffield struck out swinging. Hollimon singled to center. Sardinha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hollimon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ankiel grounded out to pitcher. LaRue grounded out to third. Kennedy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Granderson singled to right. Polanco struck out looking. Guillen walked, Granderson to second. Ordonez singled to shallow center, Granderson to third, Guillen to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Thomas walked, Granderson scored, Guillen to third, Ordonez to second. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Raburn at second base. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Ryan singled to center. Barton out on batter's interference to pitcher. Barton batting. Miles doubled to right, Ryan to third, Ryan scored, Miles to third on throwing error by second baseman Raburn. Pujols intentionally walked. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Glaus popped out to third. Ludwick grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Hollimon struck out swinging. Sardinha popped out to second. Granderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Granderson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Raburn batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Ankiel struck out swinging. LaRue flied out to right. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Raburn struck out looking. Guillen flied out to left. Ordonez singled to right center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Ryan struck out swinging. Schumaker hit for Barton. Schumaker singled to left. Miles singled to left, Schumaker to second. Pujols singled to left, Schumaker scored, Miles to second. Stavinoha ran for Pujols. Glaus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stavinoha out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Schumaker in left field. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Thomas struck out looking. Sheffield homered to left. Hollimon doubled to right, Hollimon out stretching at third. Sardinha struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Ludwick struck out looking. Ankiel flied out to right. LaRue walked. Kennedy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 10th. Parisi pitching for Cardinals. Granderson singled to right. Raburn sacrificed to pitcher, Granderson to second. Guillen intentionally walked. Ordonez flied out to right, Granderson to third. Cabrera intentionally walked, Guillen to second. Thomas walked, Granderson scored, Guillen to third, Cabrera to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 2 - Tigers 3.	Tigers' bases-full walk ruins Pujols' return