Cardinals - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Braves. Schumaker grounded out to first. Miles grounded out to second. Pujols walked. Ludwick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Blanco struck out looking. Escobar flied out to right. Teixeira fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Braves. Glaus grounded out to third. Molina singled to left. Mather homered to center, Molina scored. Looper grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to first. Infante lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Braves. Schumaker walked. Miles grounded out to catcher, Schumaker to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Ludwick singled to center, Schumaker to third, Pujols to second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker scored, Ludwick out at second, Pujols to third. Molina doubled to deep center, Pujols and Glaus scored, Molina scored on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Mather doubled to deep left. Looper grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur singled to right. Sammons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francoeur out at second. Morton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Braves. Izturis walked. Schumaker singled to left, Izturis to second. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Schumaker out at second, Izturis to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored, Miles to second. Ludwick singled to left, Miles scored, Ludwick to second advancing on throw. Bennett pitching for Braves. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to first. Teixeira doubled to deep right. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Molina lined out to right. Mather singled to center. Mather to second on wild pitch by Bennett. Looper struck out swinging. Izturis singled to right, Mather scored, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Schumaker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Johnson flied out to center. Infante singled to left. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Infante out at second. Sammons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Miles grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to center. Ludwick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Gotay hit for Bennett. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Gotay singled to right. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gotay out at second. Escobar doubled to deep right, Blanco scored. Teixeira struck out looking. Kotsay singled to right, Escobar scored. Johnson fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Blanco in center field. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Norton in left field. Glaus struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. Mather struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Infante singled to deep center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Sammons grounded into double play, third to second to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Ring pitching for Braves. Stavinoha hit for Looper. Stavinoha grounded out to second. Izturis doubled to deep right. Schumaker flied out to left. Miles reached on infield single to second, Izturis to third. Pujols doubled to left, Izturis and Miles scored. Ludwick singled to center, Pujols scored. Glaus popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Ryan at shortstop. Kennedy at first base. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Mather in right field. Stavinoha in left field. Izturis at third base. Norton struck out looking. Blanco struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Teixeira doubled to deep left center, Escobar scored. Prado hit for Ring. Prado walked. Johnson walked, Teixeira to third, Prado to second. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Infante flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Braves. Molina flied out to right. Mather struck out looking. Stavinoha safe at first on error by third baseman Infante. Izturis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Francoeur grounded out to second. Sammons singled to center. Norton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sammons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 12 - Braves 3.	Offensive outburst lifts slumping Cards past Braves