Indians - Top 1st. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Brantley walked. Cabrera popped out to second. Kipnis singled to center, Brantley to second. Swisher singled to right, Brantley to third, Kipnis to second. Santana walked, Brantley scored, Kipnis to third, Swisher to second. Reynolds hit by pitch, Kipnis scored, Swisher to third, Santana to second. Giambi grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Gordon flied out to left. Escobar struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Chisenhall grounded out to pitcher. Stubbs struck out looking. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Butler struck out swinging. Perez doubled to deep center. Moustakas grounded out to third. Lough grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Kipnis struck out swinging. Swisher doubled to left center. Santana walked. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Giavotella grounded out to third. Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Gordon hit by pitch. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Giambi singled to right center. Chisenhall singled to left, Giambi to second. Stubbs flied out to center. Brantley walked, Giambi to third, Chisenhall to second. Cabrera singled to right, Giambi and Chisenhall scored, Brantley to third. Kipnis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Hosmer grounded out to second. Butler struck out swinging. Perez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Swisher flied out to left. Santana walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Moustakas singled to center. Lough singled to left center, Moustakas to second. Giavotella walked, Moustakas to third, Lough to second. Dyson lined out to left. Gordon homered to right (397 feet), Moustakas, Lough and Giavotella scored. Escobar grounded out to first. Hosmer flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Chisenhall flied out to center. Stubbs struck out swinging. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Butler flied out to right. Perez walked. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Moustakas walked, Perez to second. Lough struck out swinging. Allen pitching for Indians. Giavotella grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Cabrera walked. Kipnis walked, Cabrera to second. Crow pitching for Royals. Swisher walked, Cabrera to third, Kipnis to second. Santana hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored, Kipnis to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Giambi doubled to deep right, Kipnis scored, Swisher to third. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Swisher at first base. Raburn in right field. Smith pitching for Indians. Dyson fouled out to left. Gordon struck out swinging. Escobar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Chen pitching for Royals. Stubbs struck out swinging. Brantley singled to left. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brantley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Hosmer singled to right. Butler doubled to left, Hosmer scored. Johnson ran for Butler. Perez grounded out to first, Johnson to third. Moustakas walked. Lough grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moustakas out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Chen pitching for Royals. Kipnis struck out swinging. Swisher singled to center. Santana grounded into double play, third to second to first, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Giavotella flied out to center. Dyson walked. Gordon singled to right, Dyson to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 6 - Royals 5.	Santana, Cabrera help Indians win 5th in row