Indians - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Bourn reached on bunt single to second. Swisher walked, Bourn to second. Kipnis sacrificed to third, Bourn to third, Swisher to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Bourn and Swisher scored. Santana hit ground rule double to left, Cabrera scored. Aviles grounded out to second, Santana to third. Reynolds struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Miller bunt popped out to pitcher. Franklin struck out swinging. Seager lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Gomes doubled to deep center. Stubbs struck out looking. Bourn walked. Swisher grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Morales walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales out at second. Smoak struck out swinging. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bay scored on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Kipnis grounded out to first. Cabrera safe at second on error by center fielder Saunders. Santana doubled to left, Cabrera scored. Aviles grounded out to second, Santana to third. Reynolds struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Blanco grounded out to first. Miller grounded out to second. Franklin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Gomes singled to center. Stubbs singled to left, Gomes to second. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher singled to center, Gomes to third, Stubbs to second. Kipnis flied out to left. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Seager struck out swinging. Morales struck out looking. Bay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Mariners. Santana struck out looking. Aviles grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds singled to center. Gomes walked, Reynolds to second. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Stubbs walked, Reynolds to third, Gomes to second. Bourn homered to right center (391 feet), Reynolds, Gomes and Stubbs scored. Swisher flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Smoak singled to center. Saunders struck out looking. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to right (374 feet). Santana flied out to right. Aviles flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Miller lined out to right. Franklin walked. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to second, Franklin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Miller at third base. Ryan at shortstop. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Reynolds walked. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Morales grounded out to third. Bay grounded out to third. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Bourn grounded out to second. Swisher grounded out to third. Kipnis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Kazmir pitching for Indians. Saunders flied out to left. Chavez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Blanco struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Cabrera walked. Santana singled to center, Cabrera to second. Aviles singled to right, Cabrera to third, Santana to second. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera scored, Aviles out at second, Santana to third. Gomes flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Franklin singled to right. Ryan walked, Franklin to second. Morales struck out looking. Bay popped out to second. Smoak walked, Franklin to third, Ryan to second. Saunders popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Mariners 1.	Kazmir, Bourn end Mariners' 8-game streak