Royals - Top 1st. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Gathright grounded out to second. Grudzielanek flied out to center. Teahen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to right. Barton flied out to left. Ellis lined out to third. Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Bannister. Cust walked. Brown singled to center, Suzuki scored, Cust to second. Sweeney grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Butler flied out to center. Guillen struck out looking. Gordon doubled to deep right center. Gload reached on infield single to third, Gordon scored on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gload out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Buck flied out to center. Hannahan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Pena singled to center. Gathright bunt popped out to first. Grudzielanek walked, Pena to second. Teahen lined out to center. Butler singled to left center, Pena scored, Grudzielanek to third, Butler thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to deep left center. Barton flied out to center. Ellis popped out to second. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Guillen popped out to first. Gordon struck out swinging. Gload struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Sweeney singled to left. Crosby doubled to deep left, Sweeney to third. Buck flied out to right. Hannahan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Buck struck out swinging. Pena struck out swinging. Gathright flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Suzuki struck out swinging. Barton flied out to left. Ellis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Teahen flied out to center. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Cust singled to center. Brown singled to shallow right, Cust to second. Sweeney singled to right, Cust to third, Brown to second. Crosby doubled to deep left, Cust and Brown scored, Sweeney to third. Mahay pitching for Royals. Buck hit sacrifice fly to left, Sweeney scored, Crosby to third. Hannahan singled to right, Crosby scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. Barton singled to left, Hannahan to second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Ellis popped out to third. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Guillen struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. Gload grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Cust grounded out to first. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Buck fouled out to first. Pena grounded out to catcher. Gathright grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Crosby walked. Buck flied out to center. Hannahan grounded out to second, Crosby to second. Suzuki walked. Barton walked, Crosby to third, Suzuki to second. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Crosby scored, Suzuki to third, Barton to second. Cust walked, Suzuki scored, Barton to third, Ellis to second. Nomo pitching for Royals. Brown doubled to left, Barton and Ellis scored, Cust to third. Sweeney reached on infield single to second, Cust scored, Brown to third. Crosby homered to left center, Brown and Sweeney scored. Buck struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Denorfia in right field. Brown pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Teahen grounded out to second. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 2 - Athletics 13.	A's snap out of funk, hammer Royals to end slide