Royals - Top 1st. Smith pitching for Athletics. DeJesus singled to right. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. Butler singled to center, Teahen to second. Guillen homered to left, Teahen and Butler scored. Gordon grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Suzuki struck out looking. Barton struck out swinging. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. With Olivo batting, dropped foul ball error by first baseman Barton. Smith pitching for Athletics. Olivo homered to left. Buck batting. Pena lined out to second. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Brown reached on infield single to third. Sweeney flied out to center. Crosby grounded out to third, Brown to second. Denorfia reached on infield single to shortstop, Brown to third. Hannahan walked, Denorfia to second. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Athletics. Grudzielanek walked. Grudzielanek caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Teahen struck out swinging. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Barton struck out swinging. Ellis doubled to left. Cust walked. Brown popped out to second. Sweeney lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Guillen struck out swinging. Gordon reached on infield single to second. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to right, Gordon out at second. Buck flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Crosby struck out swinging. Denorfia bunt grounded out to first. Hannahan doubled to right center. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Pena popped out to first. DeJesus singled to left. Grudzielanek struck out looking. Teahen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Barton doubled to deep center. Ellis walked. Cust popped out to shortstop. Brown singled to center, Barton scored, Ellis to third. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis scored, Brown safe at second on error by shortstop Pena. Crosby singled to left, Brown scored, Sweeney to second. Denorfia struck out swinging. Hannahan walked, Sweeney to third, Crosby to second. Suzuki flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Butler lined out to center. Guillen struck out looking. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Barton singled to right center. Ellis popped out to third. Cust singled to right center, Barton to second. Brown popped out to third. Sweeney singled to left, Barton scored, Cust to second. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second, Cust to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Olivo struck out swinging. Buck walked. Pena lined into double play, second to first, Buck doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Denorfia doubled to deep center. Hannahan struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center, Denorfia scored. Gobble pitching for Royals. Barton tripled to deep right center, Suzuki scored. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton out at home. Ellis stole second. Cust flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Athletics. DeJesus flied out to right. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Teahen walked. Street pitching for Athletics. Butler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Gathright in center field. Brown grounded out to third. Sweeney singled to right. Crosby singled to left, Sweeney to second. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby out at second, Sweeney to third. Hannahan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Guillen doubled to deep left center. Gordon struck out swinging. Olivo flied out to right, Guillen to third. Buck singled to right, Guillen scored. Callaspo hit for Pena. German ran for Buck. Callaspo lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Athletics 6.	Suzuki's go-ahead single leads Athletics by Royals