Orioles - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Bynum grounded out to shortstop. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Markakis walked. Huff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Burres pitching for Orioles. DeJesus lined out to shortstop. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Millar flied out to center. Scott struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop. Butler singled to right center, Guillen to second. Teahen singled to deep left, Guillen scored, Butler to second. Olivo singled to left, Butler to third, Teahen to second. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Butler out at home, Teahen to third, Olivo to second. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Teahen out at home, Olivo to third, Callaspo to second. DeJesus flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Quiroz singled to right. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quiroz out at second. Bynum lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek grounded out to third. Gordon singled to center. Guillen doubled to deep center, Gordon scored. Butler grounded out to third. Teahen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Mora struck out swinging. Markakis walked. Huff flied out to left. Millar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Olivo singled to left. Callaspo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Olivo out at second. Gathright flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Scott grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Quiroz reaches on cather's interference. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Burres pitching for Orioles. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek doubled to deep center. Grudzielanek to third on balk by Burres. Gordon struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Bynum flied out to left. Mora safe at first on error by third baseman Gordon. Markakis struck out swinging. Mora caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first to second to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 6th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Butler walked. Teahen grounded out to first, Butler to second. Olivo grounded out to first, Butler to third. Callaspo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Huff lined out to center. Millar flied out to right. Scott singled to center. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Gathright walked. DeJesus singled to center, Gathright to third, DeJesus to second advancing on throw. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to pitcher. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gathright scored, Grudzielanek out at second, DeJesus to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Butler singled to left, DeJesus scored, Gordon to second. Teahen grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Pena at shortstop. Bannister pitching for Royals. Quiroz popped out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to second. Bynum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Cintron at second base. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Olivo flied out to center. Pena grounded out to first. Gathright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Mora popped out to second. Markakis struck out swinging. Huff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 0 - Royals 4.	Bannister, Royals allow two hits to blank Orioles