Tigers - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Granderson popped out to third. Polanco singled to right. Guillen doubled to left, Polanco scored. Ordonez flied out to right. Guillen out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Cabrera batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Grudzielanek singled to right. Gordon flied out to left. Guillen fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left. Sheffield grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Joyce homered to right. Renteria safe at first on error by shortstop Pena. Rodriguez singled to right, Renteria to third. Granderson flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to second. Teahen struck out swinging. Buck singled to left center. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Polanco flied out to right. Guillen struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gathright out at second. Grudzielanek singled to center, DeJesus to second. Gordon popped out to second. Guillen doubled to deep center, DeJesus and Grudzielanek scored. Butler popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to left. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. Joyce walked, Sheffield to second. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Joyce out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Teahen reached on bunt single to third. Buck grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. Pena doubled to center. Gathright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Rodriguez singled to right. Granderson fouled out to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. DeJesus singled to left. Grudzielanek singled to center, DeJesus to second. Gordon lined into double play, second to first, Grudzielanek doubled off first. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera walked. Sheffield flied out to left. Joyce singled to right, Cabrera to second. Renteria reached on infield single to second, Cabrera to third, Joyce to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Butler flied out to right. Teahen flied out to center. Buck singled to left. Buck caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to first. Pena batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Pena grounded out to third. Gathright grounded out to catcher. DeJesus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Ordonez struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Sheffield walked, Cabrera to second. Inge ran for Cabrera. Nunez pitching for Royals. Joyce popped out to third. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Guillen at first base. Inge at third base. Cruceta pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher. Gordon struck out swinging. Guillen doubled to deep left. German ran for Guillen. Butler walked. Gload ran for Butler. Teahen reached on infield single to shortstop, German to third, Gload to second, German scored on throwing error by shortstop Renteria. Buck struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Gload at first base. Soria pitching for Royals. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Royals 3.	Guillen drives in pair of runs as Royals edge Twins