Tigers - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Granderson grounded out to third. Polanco flied out to center. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. DeJesus grounded out to third. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Gordon singled to center. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Joyce flied out to center. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ordonez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Butler singled to right center. Teahen singled to right, Butler to third. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to third, Butler out at home, Teahen to second. Pena walked, Teahen to third, Buck to second. Gathright singled to left, Teahen and Buck scored, Pena to second. Pena caught stealing third, catcher to third, Gathright to second on runner's fielder's choice. DeJesus flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Renteria walked. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. Granderson reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez to second. Polanco grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third, Granderson to second. Guillen fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Guillen struck out swinging. Butler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Ordonez flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center. Joyce grounded out to first, Cabrera to second. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Teahen walked. Teahen picked off first. Buck grounded out to third. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Gathright flied out to left. DeJesus grounded out to pitcher. Grudzielanek struck out swinging, Grudzielanek safe at on error by player player, Grudzielanek to second on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez. Gordon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Guillen flied out to center. Ordonez struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left. Joyce walked, Cabrera to second. Thames struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Guillen singled to left. Butler lined out to third. Teahen flied out to left. Buck flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Renteria struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Granderson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pena doubled to deep left. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Gathright sacrificed to pitcher, Pena to third. DeJesus popped out to shortstop. Grudzielanek intentionally walked. Gordon walked, Grudzielanek to second. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grudzielanek out at third, Gordon to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Polanco singled to left. Nunez pitching for Royals. Guillen singled to center, Polanco to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guillen out at second, Polanco to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Teahen singled to right. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teahen out at second. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Gload at first base. Soria pitching for Royals. Joyce struck out swinging. Thames struck out swinging. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 0 - Royals 2.	Hochevar helps Royals shut out struggling Tigers