Twins - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Gomez struck out bunting foul. Casilla struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Twins. DeJesus singled to right. Gathright reached on bunt single to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Gordon singled to center, DeJesus to third, Gathright to second. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus scored, Gordon out at second, Gathright to third. Olivo popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Morneau grounded out to second. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Teahen flied out to center. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Young walked. Lamb singled to left, Young to second. Harris sacrificed to first, Young to third, Lamb to second. Gomez singled to right, Young scored, Lamb to third. Casilla hit sacrifice fly to center, Lamb scored. Gomez to second on balk by Greinke. Mauer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Pena lined out to right. DeJesus flied out to center. Gathright reached on bunt single to first. Gordon singled to right, Gathright to third. Guillen singled to center, Gathright scored, Gordon to third. Olivo doubled to deep left, Gordon scored, Guillen to third. Teahen grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer popped out to first. Kubel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Butler reached on infield single to third. Callaspo singled to center, Butler to second. Pena flied out to right. DeJesus singled to left, Butler scored, Callaspo to second, Callaspo to third, DeJesus to second on throwing error by left fielder Young. Gathright hit sacrifice fly to left, Callaspo scored. Gordon safe at second on error by left fielder Young, DeJesus scored. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Young flied out to center. Lamb lined out to shortstop. Harris singled to left. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Olivo struck out swinging. Teahen singled to right. Butler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Teahen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Casilla struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first. Morneau struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Callaspo flied out to left. Pena struck out swinging. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Cuddyer flied out to center. Kubel singled to left. Young walked, Kubel to second. Lamb singled to left center, Kubel scored, Young to second. Harris struck out swinging. Gomez popped out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Gathright singled to left center. Gathright stole second. Gordon hit ground rule double to deep right, Gathright scored. Rincon pitching for Twins. Guillen popped out to second. Olivo singled to center, Gordon scored. Teahen grounded out to first, Olivo to second. Butler flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Casilla grounded out to second. Mauer flied out to left. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Korecky pitching for Twins. Callaspo reached on infield single to shortstop. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Callaspo out at second. Gload hit for DeJesus. Gload lined into double play, pitcher to first, Pena out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Gload in right field. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Kubel singled to right center. Young struck out swinging. Kubel to second on wild pitch by Ramirez. Lamb singled to right, Kubel scored. Harris singled to right, Lamb to second. Gomez singled to center, Lamb scored, Harris to second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Monroe hit for Casilla. Monroe homered to left, Harris and Gomez scored. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Macri at second base. Korecky pitching for Twins. Gathright grounded out to third. Reyes pitching for Twins. Gordon flied out to right. Crain pitching for Twins. Guillen reached on infield single to second. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Morneau homered to right. Cuddyer flied out to center. Kubel grounded out to second. Young flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 10th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Teahen fouled out to third. Butler fouled out to first. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 9 - Royals 8.	Royals or 'babies'? Guillen unloads after loss in 10