Rangers - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Kinsler flied out to right. Young lined out to center. Hamilton singled to center. Bradley walked, Hamilton to second. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. DeJesus singled to center. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Gordon flied out to center. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Padilla. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Byrd walked. Catalanotto walked, Byrd to second. Laird flied out to center, Byrd to third, Catalanotto to second. Vazquez walked. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Olivo struck out looking. Teahen grounded out to third. Buck flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Young lined out to right. Hamilton singled to center. Bradley struck out swinging. Murphy lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Aviles singled to left. Gathright hit by pitch, Aviles to second. DeJesus sacrificed to catcher, Aviles to third, Gathright to second. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right, Aviles and Gathright scored. Gordon hit by pitch. Guillen flied out to center. Olivo grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Byrd doubled to deep left center. Catalanotto grounded out to second, Byrd to third. Laird singled to left, Byrd scored. Vazquez lined into double play, second to first, Laird doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Teahen singled to center. Buck grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teahen out at second. Aviles flied out to center. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buck out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Kinsler singled to left. Young grounded into double play, second to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek flied out to center. DeJesus picked off first. Gordon walked. Guillen singled to center, Gordon to second, Gordon scored on error by second baseman Kinsler. Olivo safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Padilla, Guillen to third. Teahen intentionally walked. Buck flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Bradley grounded out to second. Murphy singled to left. Byrd walked, Murphy to second. Catalanotto grounded out to second, Murphy to third, Byrd to second. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Aviles singled to center. Gathright bunt popped out to pitcher. DeJesus grounded out to first, Aviles to second. Grudzielanek homered to left, Aviles scored. Gordon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Fulchino pitching for Royals. Vazquez tripled to deep center. Kinsler safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Aviles, Vazquez scored. Young walked. Gobble pitching for Royals. Hamilton singled to center, Kinsler scored, Young to second. Bradley walked, Young to third, Hamilton to second. Murphy homered to right, Young, Hamilton and Bradley scored. Byrd doubled to center. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Catalanotto sacrificed to pitcher, Byrd to third. Laird hit sacrifice fly to center, Byrd scored. Vazquez grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Rangers. Guillen singled to center. Olivo struck out swinging. Teahen singled to right, Guillen to second. Buck grounded into double play, third to first, Guillen out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Kinsler doubled to deep center. Young lined out to right. Hamilton lined out to third. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Shelton at first base. Aviles fouled out to right. Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher. DeJesus singled to left center. Grudzielanek lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Tomko pitching for Royals. Murphy homered to right. Byrd singled to left. Shelton singled to center, Byrd to second. Laird lined out to center. Vazquez singled to right, Byrd scored, Shelton to third. Kinsler singled to center, Shelton scored, Vazquez to second. Young flied out to right. Hamilton grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Guillen singled to center. German ran for Guillen. Olivo grounded out to catcher, German to second. Teahen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 11 - Royals 5.	Murphy has career game at plate as Rangers coast