Giants - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Lewis walked. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lewis out at second. Winn reached on infield single to pitcher. Molina flied out to center, Winn to second on throwing error by center fielder Gathright. Rowand singled to left, Durham and Winn scored. Bowker singled to right, Rowand to second. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. DeJesus flied out to center. Gathright struck out swinging. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Holm reached on infield single to shortstop. Burriss struck out swinging. Holm to second on wild pitch by Davies. Lewis doubled to deep center, Holm scored. Durham walked. Winn singled to center, Lewis scored, Durham to third. Fulchino pitching for Royals. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Durham scored. Winn stole second. Rowand reached on infield single to pitcher, Winn to third. Bowker grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Guillen struck out looking. Aviles grounded out to pitcher. Teahen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Fulchino pitching for Royals. Castillo doubled to deep center. Castillo to third on wild pitch by Fulchino. Holm struck out swinging. Burriss struck out swinging. Lewis walked. Durham walked, Lewis to second. Winn walked, Castillo scored, Lewis to third, Durham to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Winn out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Buck walked. Gload grounded out to third, Buck to second. Pena struck out swinging. DeJesus doubled to left, Buck scored. DeJesus scored on Lincecum's wild pitch. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Fulchino pitching for Royals. Rowand lined out to second. Bowker singled to left. Castillo singled to left center, Bowker to second. Holm grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Gordon singled to right. Guillen singled to right, Gordon to third. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon scored, Guillen out at second. Aviles stole second. Teahen struck out swinging. Aviles to third on wild pitch by Lincecum. Buck struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Fulchino pitching for Royals. Burriss grounded out to shortstop. Lewis doubled to deep center. Durham reached on infield single to second, Lewis to third. Winn singled to left, Lewis scored, Durham to second. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Molina flied out to center, Durham to third. Rowand walked, Winn to second. Bowker doubled to deep right, Durham, Winn and Rowand scored. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Gload singled to right. Pena singled to center, Gload to second. DeJesus walked, Gload to third, Pena to second. Gathright struck out swinging. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to right, Gload scored. Guillen singled to left, Pena scored, DeJesus to second. Aviles struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Yabuta pitching for Royals. Holm flied out to right. Burriss fouled out to left. Lewis singled to center. Lewis stole second. Durham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Yabu pitching for Giants. Teahen singled to right. Buck doubled to left, Teahen to third. Gload singled to left, Teahen scored, Buck to third. Callaspo hit for Pena. Callaspo singled to center, Buck scored, Gload to second. Taschner pitching for Giants. Gload to third, Callaspo to second on passed ball by Holm. DeJesus singled to left, Gload scored, Callaspo to third. Gathright walked, DeJesus to second. Gordon popped out to second. Chulk pitching for Giants. Guillen lined out to shortstop. Aviles doubled to left, Callaspo and DeJesus scored, Gathright to third. Teahen intentionally walked. Buck struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Aviles at shortstop. Callaspo at second base. Mahay pitching for Royals. Winn grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to third. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hinshaw pitching for Giants. Gload flied out to center. Callaspo safe at first on error by shortstop Burriss. DeJesus walked, Callaspo to second. Gathright singled to left center, Callaspo scored, DeJesus to third on error by left fielder Lewis.D DeJesus thrown out at home attempting to advance,  Gathright to third. Gordon walked. Walker pitching for Giants. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Bowker lined out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to third. Holm walked. Aurilia hit for Burriss. Aurilia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Castillo at shortstop. Aurilia at third base. Walker pitching for Giants. Aviles grounded out to third. Teahen singled to right. Teahen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Lewis grounded out to third. Durham struck out looking. Winn singled to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 10 - Royals 11.	Aviles, Royals erase eight-run deficit to top Giants