Rockies - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Spilborghs singled to right. Holliday grounded out to third, Spilborghs to second. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. DeJesus hit by pitch. Aviles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeJesus out at second. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Atkins singled to center. Hawpe singled to right, Atkins to second. Barmes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hawpe out at second, Atkins to third. Iannetta doubled to deep right, Atkins scored. Quintanilla reached on infield single to third. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quintanilla out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Guillen struck out looking. Teahen grounded out to second. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. Helton doubled to deep left center. Atkins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gload doubled to left. Callaspo grounded out to second, Gload to third. Gathright safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins. DeJesus singled to right, Gload scored, Gathright to second. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gathright to third, DeJesus safe at second on error by shortstop Quintanilla. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left, Gathright scored. Guillen grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hawpe struck out looking. Barmes lined out to left. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Teahen popped out to shortstop. Buck singled to center. Gload singled to right, Buck to second. Callaspo struck out swinging. Buck caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. Taveras bunt grounded out to third. Spilborghs grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher. DeJesus singled to left. Aviles flied out to center. Gordon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Holliday flied out to right. Helton struck out looking. Atkins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Guillen grounded out to second. Teahen singled to right. Buck singled to left, Teahen to second. Gload doubled to right, Teahen and Buck scored. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hawpe homered to right. Barmes walked. Iannetta struck out swinging. Quintanilla grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Barmes out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. DeJesus lined out to shortstop. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Taveras grounded out to third. Spilborghs safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aviles. Spilborghs caught stealing second, catcher to second. Holliday walked. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Guillen grounded out to third. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Teahen flied out to center. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe grounded out to second. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Royals 4.	Royals sweep Rockies, maintain interleague romp