Cardinals - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to first. Pujols doubled to left. Ankiel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus walked. Aviles walked, DeJesus to second. Gordon struck out swinging. Guillen singled to left, DeJesus thrown out at home, Aviles to second. Grudzielanek popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ludwick lined out to left. Duncan popped out to shortstop. Kennedy walked. LaRue homered to right, Kennedy scored. Ryan singled to center. Ryan caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schumaker batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Teahen struck out looking. Gload grounded out to third. Buck grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. German in left field. Bannister pitching for Royals. Schumaker doubled to deep right. Miles sacrificed to third, Schumaker to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Ankiel singled to shallow left, Schumaker scored, Pujols to second. Ludwick walked, Pujols to third, Ankiel to second. Duncan singled to left, Pujols scored, Ankiel to third, Ludwick to second. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to center, Ankiel scored, Ludwick to third, Duncan to second. LaRue flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Gathright singled to shallow left. German flied out to right, Gathright to second. Aviles grounded out to shortstop, Gathright to third. Gordon walked. Gathright scored, Gordon to second on passed ball by LaRue. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ryan fouled out to third. Schumaker grounded out to second. Miles singled to center. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek singled to right. Teahen flied out to center. Gload singled to center, Grudzielanek to second. Buck walked, Grudzielanek to third, Gload to second. Gathright singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Gload to third, Buck to second. German singled to right, Gload scored, Buck to third, Gathright to second. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Aviles popped out to second. Gordon flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ankiel popped out to first. Ludwick singled to right center. Duncan flied out to right. Kennedy walked, Ludwick to second. LaRue tripled to deep center, Ludwick and Kennedy scored. Peralta pitching for Royals. Ryan flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Cardinals. Guillen struck out swinging. Grudzielanek doubled to left. Teahen singled to right, Grudzielanek to third. Gload hit sacrifice fly to left, Grudzielanek scored. Buck walked, Teahen to second. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Gathright struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Schumaker grounded out to second. Miles reached on infield single to third. Pujols homered to left, Miles scored. Gobble pitching for Royals. Ankiel doubled to right. Ankiel to third on wild pitch by Gobble. Ludwick lined into double play, to third, Ankiel doubled off third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. German grounded out to second. Aviles struck out looking. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Duncan grounded out to first. Kennedy flied out to center. LaRue flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Guillen struck out looking. Grudzielanek doubled to deep left. Teahen doubled to deep right, Grudzielanek scored. Gload struck out swinging. Buck walked. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to second, Buck out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Gobble pitching for Royals. Ryan flied out to right. Schumaker singled to right. Schumaker stole second. Miles walked. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Pujols flied out to left. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. German singled to center. Aviles singled to right, German to third. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Guillen flied out to right. Grudzielanek singled to left center, German scored, Aviles to third. Teahen struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Ludwick flied out to center. Duncan singled to right. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duncan out at second. Kennedy out at second on runner's fielder's choice. LaRue batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Gload grounded out to second. Buck struck out swinging. Butler hit for Gathright. Butler popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Royals 6.	Royals fall to Cards