Royals - Top 1st. Bullington pitching for Indians. DeJesus walked. Aviles struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to center. DeJesus stole second, DeJesus safe at third on throwing error by catcher Shoppach. Olivo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to second. Francisco popped out to third. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bullington pitching for Indians. Teahen lined out to center. Shealy homered to right center. Callaspo popped out to shortstop. Maier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Peralta flied out to center. Shoppach walked. Dellucci singled to right, Shoppach to second. Garko walked, Shoppach to third, Dellucci to second. Marte flied out to right. Shoppach scored, Dellucci to third, Garko to second on wild pitch by Tejeda. Barfield struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bullington pitching for Indians. Pena popped out to second. DeJesus singled to left. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Aviles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Sizemore singled to left. Francisco flied out to center. Sizemore caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop to first to third. Hafner popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bullington pitching for Indians. Olivo struck out swinging. Teahen homered to center. Shealy singled to center. Callaspo tripled to right, Shealy scored. Maier grounded out to second. Pena struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Peralta grounded out to second. Shoppach popped out to second. Dellucci flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bullington pitching for Indians. DeJesus singled to right. DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Bullington. Aviles hit by pitch. Guillen grounded out to third, DeJesus to third, Aviles to second. Olivo singled to right, DeJesus and Aviles scored, Olivo out stretching at second. Teahen homered to right. Rincon pitching for Indians. Shealy singled to right. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Shealy out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Garko walked. Marte flied out to left. Barfield lined out to center. Garko to second on wild pitch by Tejeda. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Rincon pitching for Indians. Maier struck out swinging. Pena reached on infield single to second. DeJesus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Gathright in left field. Francisco walked. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francisco out at second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hafner out at second. Shoppach doubled to deep left center, Peralta scored. Gutierrez hit for Dellucci. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Francisco in left field. Gutierrez in right field. Rincon pitching for Indians. Aviles flied out to right. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Olivo reached on infield single to third. Olivo stole second. Teahen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Royals. Garko flied out to center. Carroll hit for Marte. Carroll singled to center. Barfield grounded out to pitcher, Carroll to second. Sizemore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Carroll at third base. Donnelly pitching for Indians. Shealy popped out to shortstop. Callaspo singled to left. Maier struck out swinging. Pena flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Francisco popped out to first. Hafner grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Gathright lined out to right. Aviles singled to center. Guillen singled to center, Aviles to second. Smith ran for Guillen. Olivo singled to center, Aviles scored, Smith to third. Teahen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at home, Olivo to second. Shealy singled to left, Olivo scored, Teahen to third. Callaspo fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Lowery pitching for Royals. Shoppach struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to left. Garko homered to right, Gutierrez scored. Carroll struck out swinging. Cabrera hit for Barfield. Cabrera singled to right. Sizemore singled to right, Cabrera to third. Soria pitching for Royals. Choo hit for Francisco. Sizemore to second on fielder's indifference. Choo walked. Hafner grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Indians 4.	Teahen's two homers help Royals sweep Indians