Nationals - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . Turner struck out swinging . Harper doubled to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Blackmon walked . Blackmon picked off first . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Murphy singled to right . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth walked , Murphy to second . Lobatón grounded out to pitcher , Murphy to third , Werth to second . Roark walked . Eaton singled to right , Murphy and Werth scored , Roark to second , Roark to third , Eaton to second on throwing error by right fielder González . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . González grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds singled to left . Parra popped out to shortstop . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Harper singled to left . Zimmerman singled to center , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second on error by left fielder Parra . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at home . Rendon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Wolters lined out to left . Chatwood singled to right . Blackmon singled to right center , Chatwood to third . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Werth reached on infield single to shortstop . Lobatón struck out swinging . Roark grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Arenado reached on infield single to third . González flied out to left , Arenado to second . Reynolds grounded out to catcher , Arenado to third . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Eaton grounded out to second . Turner homered to center ( 440 feet ) . Harper walked . Zimmerman homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Harper scored . Murphy lined out to left . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Story struck out looking . Wolters singled to center . Adames hit for Chatwood . Adames walked , Wolters to second . Blackmon walked , Wolters to third , Adames to second . LeMahieu walked , Wolters scored , Adames to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adames scored , LeMahieu out at second , Blackmon to third . González struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Werth struck out swinging . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Heisey hit for Roark . Heisey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Reynolds singled to right center . Parra flied out to left . Story popped out to second . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Eaton fouled out to shortstop . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop . Harper singled to center , Turner to second . Zimmerman singled to left center , Turner scored , Harper to third . Murphy homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Harper and Zimmerman scored . Rendon struck out looking . Werth walked . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Valaika at shortstop . Lobatón walked , Werth to second . Taylor hit for Pérez . Taylor struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Eaton in left field . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Taylor in center field . Valaika flied out to center . Blackmon popped out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Eaton safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Reynolds . Turner doubled to deep center , Eaton scored . Harper singled to left center , Turner scored . Zimmerman flied out to center . Murphy flied out to left . Rendon flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Arenado grounded out to third . González walked . González to second on fielder 's indifference . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra doubled to deep left , González scored . Amarista hit for Qualls . Grace pitching for Nationals . Difo at second base . Amarista singled to center , Parra scored . Wolters grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Difo grounded out to shortstop . Lobatón flied out to center . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Valaika grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Rockies 4 .	Nats ' Turner flirts with second straight cycle