Rockies - Top 1st . Bonilla pitching for Reds . Blackmon doubled to deep center . LeMahieu hit by pitch . Arenado reached on infield single to second , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds singled to right , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third , Arenado to second . González hit sacrifice fly to right , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third . Desmond struck out swinging . Amarista lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Hamilton struck out swinging . Cozart grounded out to pitcher . Votto walked . Duvall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Votto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bonilla pitching for Reds . Wolters grounded out to pitcher . Anderson walked . Blackmon fouled out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Suárez singled to center . Peraza flied out to center . Kivlehan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suárez out at second . Barnhart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kivlehan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Bonilla pitching for Reds . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . González struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Bonilla grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton struck out swinging . Cozart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Bonilla pitching for Reds . Amarista singled to right . Wolters flied out to left . Anderson bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Amarista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Votto grounded out to shortstop . Duvall struck out looking . Suárez homered to left ( 360 feet ) . Peraza grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bonilla pitching for Reds . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Arenado walked . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Kivlehan walked . Barnhart struck out swinging . Bonilla hit by pitch , Kivlehan to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Kivlehan caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Bonilla pitching for Reds . González singled to center . Desmond doubled to left , González to third . Amarista homered to right ( 349 feet ) , González and Desmond scored . Wolters reached on bunt single to catcher . Anderson sacrificed to catcher , Wolters to second . Peralta pitching for Reds . Blackmon reached on infield single to third . LeMahieu doubled to deep left , Wolters and Blackmon scored . Arenado homered to left ( 396 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Reynolds singled to left center . González struck out swinging . Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Desmond walked . Amarista singled to center , Reynolds scored , Desmond to second . Wolters walked , Desmond to third , Amarista to second . Anderson struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Cozart doubled to left . Votto struck out swinging . Duvall singled to center , Cozart scored . Suárez struck out looking . Peraza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Duvall out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Alcántara at shortstop . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Duvall at first base . Gennett in left field . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu walked . Arenado flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Valaika at third base . Kivlehan grounded out to third . Barnhart grounded out to shortstop . Gennett singled to right . Hamilton doubled to left , Gennett scored , Hamilton scored advancing on throw . Throwing error by shortstop Amarista . Alcántara grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Turner catching . Iglesias pitching for Reds . González doubled to deep center . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Amarista lined out to left . Wolters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Turner struck out swinging . Duvall grounded out to second . Suárez doubled to deep left center . Peraza homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Suárez scored . Kivlehan grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Brice pitching for Reds . Schebler in right field . Valaika struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon to third . Tapia hit for Lyles . LeMahieu stole second . Tapia struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to right , Blackmon and LeMahieu scored . González grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Schebler singled to left . Gennett struck out looking . Hamilton reached on infield single to second , Schebler to second . Alcántara struck out swinging . Mesoraco hit for Turner . Mesoraco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 12 - Reds 6 .	Amarista knocks in 4 , Rockies overpower slumping Reds 12 - 6