Mariners - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to right . Valencia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Segura out at second . Canó flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Blackmon flied out to left . LeMahieu lined out to right . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Cruz walked . Seager homered to right center ( 430 feet ) , Cruz scored . Heredia walked . Zunino doubled to shallow left , Heredia to third , Heredia scored on error by left fielder Desmond . Dyson flied out to left . Miranda grounded out to third . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop , Zunino to third . Valencia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gamel in right field . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Reynolds walked . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . González grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Canó singled to left . Gamel doubled to deep right , Canó to third . Seager doubled to deep right , Canó and Gamel scored . Heredia singled to center , Seager scored . Zunino struck out swinging . Dyson flied out to left . Miranda lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Miranda pitching for Mariners . Story doubled to shallow left . Hanigan flied out to center , Story to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to left . Valencia grounded into double play , second to first , Segura out at second . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . LeMahieu walked . Arenado flied out to center . Reynolds lined out to right . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Gamel struck out swinging . Seager popped out to shortstop . Heredia singled to left . Zunino singled to left center , Heredia to second . Dyson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Miranda pitching for Mariners . González doubled to left . Story fouled out to third . Hanigan grounded out to third . Valaika hit for Anderson . Valaika walked . González to third , Valaika to second on wild pitch by Miranda . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu singled to right , González and Valaika scored , Blackmon to third . Arenado flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Powell hit for Miranda . Powell walked . Segura lined out to center . Valencia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Powell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Reynolds popped out to first . Desmond struck out swinging . González lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Canó homered to right ( 436 feet ) . Gamel tripled to deep center . Seager struck out swinging . Heredia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gamel out at home . Zunino popped out to shortstop . Zunino batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Story singled to right . Wolters hit for Hanigan . Wolters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Story out at second . Amarista hit for Dunn . Amarista grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wolters catching . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Dyson grounded out to second . Lawrence struck out swinging . Segura singled to center . Segura stole second , Segura safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wolters . Valencia walked . Canó grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Blackmon tripled to shallow right . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon scored . Arenado flied out to right . Reynolds singled to right . Zych pitching for Mariners . Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher , Reynolds to second . Rzepczynski pitching for Mariners . González grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Gamel singled to right . Seager singled to left center , Gamel to second . Heredia singled to center , Gamel to third , Seager to second . Zunino struck out swinging . Dyson singled to left , Gamel and Seager scored , Heredia to second . Motter hit for Rzepczynski . Motter singled to center , Heredia scored , Dyson to third . Segura lined into double play , shortstop to first , Motter doubled off first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Story walked . Wolters grounded out to first , Story to second . Parra hit for Estévez . Story to third on wild pitch by Altavilla . Parra grounded out to first , Story scored . Blackmon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Rockies 4 .	Seager homers , drives in 4 as Mariners beat Rockies 10 - 4