Rockies - Top 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop . LeMahieu sacrificed to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado lined out to pitcher . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Córdoba lined out to right . Solarte singled to shallow left . Myers struck out swinging . Schimpf struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Desmond grounded out to second . González lined out to right . Story flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Renfroe struck out swinging . Cordero struck out swinging . Hedges grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Wolters singled to center . Márquez struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wolters out at second . LeMahieu doubled to deep center , Blackmon scored . Arenado singled to left , LeMahieu scored . Reynolds safe at first on error by third baseman Schimpf , Arenado to second . Desmond singled to center , Arenado scored , Reynolds to second . González lined out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . d'Arnaud singled to right center . d'Arnaud stole second . Richard struck out looking . Córdoba singled to center , d'Arnaud scored . Solarte singled to center , Córdoba to third . Myers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Solarte out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Story singled to left . Wolters singled to center , Story to third . Márquez sacrificed to pitcher , Story scored , Wolters to second . Blackmon hit by pitch . Wolters caught stealing third , catcher to third , Blackmon to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Schimpf walked . Schimpf to second on wild pitch by Márquez . Renfroe grounded out to shortstop , Schimpf to third . Cordero reached on infield single to shortstop , Schimpf scored . Hedges homered to left ( 383 feet ) , Cordero scored . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Richard grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Arenado doubled to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to third . González reached on infield single to second , Arenado to third . Story grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Córdoba doubled to left . Solarte homered to right center ( 422 feet ) , Córdoba scored . Myers struck out swinging . Schimpf struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Wolters grounded out to second . Valaika hit for Márquez . Valaika struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to left center . Yates pitching for Padres . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Cordero struck out swinging . Hedges singled to left center . d'Arnaud singled to right , Hedges to second . Spangenberg hit for Yates . Spangenberg singled to right , Hedges to third , d'Arnaud to second . Córdoba hit sacrifice fly to right , Hedges scored , d'Arnaud to third . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Solarte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Arenado doubled to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to third , Arenado to third . González struck out swinging . Hand pitching for Padres . Story singled to right , Arenado scored , Desmond to second . Wolters struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Myers homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Schimpf struck out swinging . Renfroe grounded out to third . Cordero singled to right . Cordero stole second . Hedges struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Parra hit for Dunn . Hand pitching for Padres . Parra struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Aybar hit for Hand . Aybar grounded out to first . Córdoba tripled to left . Solarte grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Arenado walked . Reynolds struck out looking . Desmond lined out to center . González grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Padres 8 .	Surging Padres beat Rockies 8 - 5 for fifth straight win