Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Blanco struck out swinging . Peralta walked . Goldschmidt fouled out to right , Peralta to second . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado singled to center . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Owings fouled out to catcher . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Descalso singled to center . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . González struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to third , Desmond to second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb . Desmond to third on wild pitch by Greinke , Desmond scored on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Story singled to center . Wolters lined out to right . Márquez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Greinke lined out to third . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . Peralta lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . Lamb singled to center . Owings singled to left center , Lamb to third , Owings to second advancing on throw . Drury popped out to second . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . González homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop . Story singled to left , Desmond to third . Wolters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Story out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Mathis struck out swinging . Greinke fouled out to right . Blanco walked . Peralta lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Márquez struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt hit by pitch . Lamb singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Lamb caught stealing second , catcher to second . Owings hit sacrifice fly to right , Goldschmidt scored . Drury struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Descalso hit by pitch . Mathis struck out swinging . Greinke sacrificed to catcher , Descalso to second . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Story flied out to right . Wolters grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Peralta homered to right ( 455 feet ) . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Lamb grounded out to second . Owings flied out to center . Drury popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Tapia hit for Ottavino . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia flied out to center . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu singled to left , Blackmon to second . Arenado tripled to deep right , Blackmon and LeMahieu scored . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arenado out at home . González singled to left , Reynolds to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Rockies . Descalso popped out to shortstop . Herrmann hit for Mathis . Herrmann walked . Hazelbaker hit for Bradley . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Herrmann to second on wild pitch by Holland . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 4 .	Arenado 's triple in 8th lifts Rockies over Diamondbacks , 4 - 3