Rockies - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to first . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Span singled to right . Span caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Panik grounded out to pitcher . Pence reached on infield single to third . Posey doubled to deep center , Pence scored . Belt walked . Crawford grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Tapia struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Jones popped out to third . Hernández lined out to right . Samardzija struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Wolters lined out to center . Márquez struck out swinging . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at third , LeMahieu to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Span walked . Panik reached on infield single to shortstop , Span to second . Pence flied out to center , Span to third . Posey hit sacrifice fly to center , Span scored , Panik to second . Belt tripled to deep right center , Panik scored . Crawford hit by pitch . Jones grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Reynolds struck out swinging . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Hernández singled to left . Samardzija sacrificed to first , Hernández to second . Span tripled to right , Hernández scored . Panik hit sacrifice fly to center , Span scored . Pence struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Story grounded out to shortstop . Wolters grounded out to second . Freeland hit for Márquez . Freeland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Posey struck out swinging . Belt walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Belt out at second . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to first . Arenado grounded out to catcher on batter interference . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Samardzija struck out looking . Span lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Reynolds singled to center . Tapia singled to right , Reynolds to second . Desmond grounded out to second , Reynolds to third , Tapia to second . Story singled to left , Reynolds scored , Tapia to third . Strickland pitching for Giants . Wolters singled to center , Tapia scored , Story to second . Valaika hit for Senzatela . Valaika struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Panik flied out to left . Pence reached on infield single to third . Posey singled to right , Pence to second . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Belt struck out looking . Crawford singled to left , Pence scored , Posey to third . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to center . Tapia struck out looking . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Diaz pitching for Rockies . Hernández safe at second on error by left fielder Desmond . Tomlinson hit for Dyson . Tomlinson doubled to right , Hernández scored . Span popped out to shortstop . Tomlinson stole third . Panik singled to left , Tomlinson scored . Panik to second on passed ball by Wolters . Pence reached on infield single to shortstop , Panik to third . Posey singled to left , Panik scored , Pence to second . Belt struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Crick pitching for Giants . Story struck out swinging . Wolters singled to center . Amarista hit for Díaz . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wolters out at second . Amarista to second on fielder 's indifference . Blackmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Giants 9 .	Giants score plenty to back Samardzija , snap five - game skid