Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . Tapia flied out to right . Arenado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Descalso tripled to deep right center . Peralta grounded out to second , Descalso scored . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds struck out swinging . Story grounded out to third . Amarista lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Owings struck out swinging . Drury struck out swinging . Fuentes walked . Mathis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tauchman reached on infield single to third . Tauchman to second on wild pitch by Greinke . Wolters struck out swinging . Chatwood grounded out to third , Tauchman to third . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Greinke lined out to pitcher . Descalso struck out looking . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to first . Arenado flied out to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt tripled to right . Lamb grounded out to first . Owings doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Drury grounded out to second , Owings to third . Owings scored on Chatwood 's wild pitch . Fuentes struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Story struck out looking . Amarista struck out swinging . Tauchman grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Mathis struck out swinging . Greinke singled to center . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Greinke out at second . Peralta doubled to center , Descalso to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters grounded out to shortstop . Chatwood grounded out to first . Blackmon lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Drury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia struck out swinging . Arenado singled to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Story homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Arenado scored . Amarista flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Fuentes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story . Mathis tripled to deep center , Fuentes scored . Marte hit for Greinke . Marte hit sacrifice fly to left , Mathis scored , Marte to second on error by left fielder Tauchman . Descalso flied out to left . Peralta doubled to left , Marte scored . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Lamb walked , Peralta to third , Goldschmidt to second . Valaika at second base . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Owings fouled out to catcher . Drury grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Blanco in left field . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tauchman grounded out to third . Wolters reached on infield single to shortstop . Valaika popped out to first . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Fuentes grounded out to first . Mathis grounded out to third . Blanco doubled to deep left center . Herrmann hit for Bradley . Herrmann grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia singled to left center . Arenado singled to shallow right , Tapia to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Story struck out looking . Desmond hit for Oberg . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Greinke fans 8 , leads Diamondbacks over Rockies