Padres - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Margot struck out swinging . Asuaje singled to right . Myers struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Blackmon homered to right ( 451 feet ) . LeMahieu lined out to center . Arenado flied out to right . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pirela flied out to right . Spangenberg singled to center . Blash homered to right center ( 454 feet ) , Spangenberg scored . Aybar grounded out to second . Perdomo walked . Margot struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Reynolds doubled to deep center . Desmond reached on infield single to pitcher , Reynolds to third . Story singled to shallow center , Reynolds scored , Desmond to second . Wolters flied out to left . Márquez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Story out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Asuaje doubled to shallow left . Myers struck out swinging . Sánchez walked . Pirela grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon to second . Arenado safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Parra flied out to left . Reynolds walked , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third , Arenado to second . Desmond walked , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third , Reynolds to second . Story doubled to left , Arenado and Reynolds scored , Desmond to third . Stammen pitching for Padres . Wolters grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond out at home , Story to third . Márquez reached on infield single to second , Story scored , Wolters to second . Blackmon grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Spangenberg struck out looking . Blash lined out to center . Aybar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Stammen pitching for Padres . LeMahieu walked . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at second . Parra singled to shallow right , Arenado to second . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Stammen singled to center . Margot singled to center , Stammen to second . Asuaje bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stammen out at third , Margot to second . Myers struck out looking . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Desmond grounded out to third . Story walked . Wolters flied out to left , Story doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pirela struck out swinging . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Blash struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Córdoba at third base . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Márquez struck out looking . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu flied out to right , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Aybar grounded out to first . Córdoba reached on infield single to shortstop . Margot grounded out to third . Asuaje singled to left , Córdoba scored , Asuaje to second on error by left fielder Desmond . McGee pitching for Rockies . Myers grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Arenado flied out to left . Parra homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Desmond walked . Tapia ran for Desmond . Story flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Parra in left field . Tapia in right field . McGee pitching for Rockies . Sánchez homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Pirela walked . Szczur hit for Quackenbush . Szczur doubled to left , Pirela to third . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Blash hit sacrifice fly to center , Pirela scored , Szczur to third . Aybar lined out to second . Córdoba singled to center , Szczur scored . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Margot singled to left , Córdoba to second . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Asuaje flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Szczur in center field . Buchter pitching for Padres . Wolters struck out swinging . Valaika hit for Dunn . Valaika walked . Blackmon singled to shallow right , Valaika to third . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to right , Valaika scored . Yates pitching for Padres . Arenado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Rockies . Myers struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . Pirela doubled to deep center . Szczur grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Rockies 9 .	Blackmon , Marquez propel Rockies to 9 - 6 win over Padres