Padres - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Margot walked . Asuaje popped out to second . Margot picked off first . Myers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Blackmon singled to shallow left . LeMahieu walked , Blackmon to second . Arenado singled to center , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . LeMahieu scored , Arenado to second on passed ball by Sánchez . Reynolds grounded out to second , Arenado to third . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Arenado scored . Parra singled to left . Story lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Sánchez struck out swinging . Blash walked . Spangenberg lined out to center . Cordero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . Gray grounded out to third . Blackmon hit by pitch . LeMahieu singled to left center , Blackmon to second . Arenado singled to center , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Aybar lined out to second . Richard doubled to deep right center . Margot lined out to second . Asuaje struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Desmond grounded out to second . Parra singled to shallow left . Story tripled to deep center , Parra scored . Hanigan singled to center , Story scored . Gray struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to center , Hanigan to second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Myers singled to deep right . Sánchez singled to right , Myers to third . Blash struck out looking . Spangenberg popped out to second . Sánchez to second on wild pitch by Gray . Cordero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Arenado homered to left ( 436 feet ) . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to first . Parra singled to right center . Story homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Parra scored . Hanigan hit ground rule double to deep center . Gray singled to center , Hanigan scored . Córdoba in left field . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Blackmon homered to center ( 442 feet ) , Gray scored . LeMahieu lined out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Córdoba struck out swinging . Margot flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Pirela at first base . Szczur in left field . Córdoba at shortstop . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Arenado homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Reynolds grounded out to second . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . Parra lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Asuaje singled to center . Pirela struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to center , Asuaje to second . Blash singled to center , Asuaje scored , Sánchez to second . Spangenberg homered to center ( 435 feet ) , Sánchez and Blash scored . Quackenbush struck out looking . Szczur lined out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Story walked . Hanigan singled to right , Story to second . Amarista hit for Gray . Amarista struck out swinging . Valaika hit for Blackmon . Valaika singled to center , Story scored , Hanigan to second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valaika out at second , Hanigan to third . Arenado homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Hanigan and LeMahieu scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Valaika at second base . Amarista in center field . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Córdoba grounded out to shortstop . Margot singled to deep left . Asuaje grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Margot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Padres . Desmond walked . Parra singled to right , Desmond to second . Story reached on infield single to third , Desmond to third , Parra to second . Hanigan hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored . Amarista lined out to center . Valaika flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Diaz pitching for Rockies . Pirela reached on infield single to third . Sánchez flied out to left . Blash walked , Pirela to second . Spangenberg singled to right , Pirela to third , Blash to second . Torrens hit for Torres . Torrens grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Spangenberg out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Pirela in left field . Sánchez at first base . Torrens catching . Szczur in right field . Yates pitching for Padres . Wolters hit for Díaz . Wolters struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to left . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Valaika at first base . Wolters at second base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Szczur walked . Córdoba popped out to first . Margot grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Szczur out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Rockies 18 .	Arenado 's 3 HR , 7 RBI powers Rockies to win