Pirates - Top 1st . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Marte reached on infield single to second . Harrison flied out to right . Marte stole second . McCutchen walked . Bell singled to right center , Marte scored , McCutchen to third . Freese reached on infield single to third , McCutchen scored , Bell to second . Polanco singled to right , Bell to third , Freese to second . Cervelli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu doubled to right , Blackmon to third . Arenado singled to left , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . Parra singled to deep center , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to second . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second , Arenado to third . González singled to left , Arenado scored . Story struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Mercer struck out looking . Williams walked . Marte hit by pitch , Williams to second . Harrison lined out to center . McCutchen walked , Williams to third , Marte to second . Bell doubled to deep center , Williams , Marte and McCutchen scored . Freese walked . Polanco popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Wolters doubled to right . Hoffman bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Wolters out at third . Blackmon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hoffman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Cervelli tripled to deep center . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Williams grounded out to second . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu walked . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Harrison doubled to deep right center . McCutchen singled to right , Harrison scored . Bell singled to left center , McCutchen to third , Bell to second on error by left fielder Parra . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Freese hit by pitch . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCutchen scored , Freese out at second , Bell to third . Jaso ran for Polanco . Cervelli hit by pitch , Jaso to second . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cervelli out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Jaso in right field . Williams pitching for Pirates . Desmond popped out to second . González grounded out to second . Story flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Williams singled to right . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Williams out at second . Marte stole second . Harrison struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to center , Marte scored . Bell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Wolters grounded out to pitcher . Lyles struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Jaso lined out to third . Cervelli singled to center . Mercer homered to left ( 444 feet ) , Cervelli scored . Williams struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Parra struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Amarista in left field . Marte singled to center . Harrison walked , Marte to second . McCutchen singled to left , Marte scored , Harrison to second . Bell grounded out to pitcher , Harrison to third , McCutchen to second . Freese grounded out to shortstop , Harrison scored . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Pirates . González popped out to third . Story grounded out to third . Wolters singled to center . Valaika hit for Oberg . Mariñez pitching for Pirates . Wolters to second on passed ball by Cervelli . Valaika doubled to deep center , Wolters scored . Blackmon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Cervelli struck out looking . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . Mariñez doubled to deep right . Marte popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Marinez pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Amarista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Harrison grounded out to second . McCutchen grounded out to third . Bell tripled to deep center . Freese hit by pitch . Jaso walked , Freese to second . Cervelli singled to right , Bell scored , Freese thrown out at home , Jaso to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Moroff at third base . Marinez pitching for Pirates . Desmond reached on infield single to third . Desmond to second on fielder 's indifference . González struck out swinging . Story lined out to center . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 13 - Rockies 5 .	Bell has 4 hits , McCutchen 3 as Pirates beat Rockies 13 - 5