Rockies - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Arenado walked . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Peralta doubled to left . Marte grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Lamb singled to right center , Peralta scored . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Lamb to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at third , Goldschmidt to second . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds struck out looking . González struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to center . Pollock caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Herrmann grounded out to second . Corbin singled to center . Peralta doubled to left center , Corbin scored . Marte flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy struck out swinging . Márquez grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center . Martinez doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Descalso grounded out to second , Martinez to third . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Arenado lined out to right . Story doubled to deep left center . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Herrmann grounded out to first . Corbin reached on infield single to third . Peralta struck out swinging . Marte singled to center , Corbin to second . Corbin to third on wild pitch by Márquez . Lamb doubled to right center , Corbin scored , Marte to third . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . González grounded out to second . Desmond safe at first on error by second baseman Descalso . Lucroy grounded out to third , Desmond to second . Valaika hit for Senzatela . Desmond to third on wild pitch by Corbin . Valaika struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Martinez walked . Descalso struck out swinging . Pollock doubled to deep center , Martinez scored . Herrmann grounded out to second , Pollock to third . Corbin flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out looking . LeMahieu homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Arenado walked . Story singled to center , Arenado to second . Reynolds struck out looking . González grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Peralta struck out swinging . Marte flied out to right . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . Tauchman hit for Hoffman . Tauchman singled to left center . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tauchman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez walked . Descalso singled to right , Martinez to second . Pollock homered to left ( 371 feet ) , Martinez and Descalso scored . Herrmann singled to center . Fuentes hit for Chafin . Fuentes singled to left center , Herrmann to second . Rosscup pitching for Rockies . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fuentes out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu fouled out to first . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Story fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rosscup pitching for Rockies . Marte flied out to left . Lamb struck out looking . Goldschmidt reached first base on catcher 's interference . Martinez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds grounded out to third . Hanigan hit for González . Hanigan singled to left . Desmond doubled to deep center , Hanigan to third . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy grounded out to third , Hanigan scored , Desmond to third . Tapia hit for Rosscup . Tapia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Pollock has 4 RBIs , Corbin pitches D - backs past Rockies 8 - 2