Marlins - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Gordon lined out to left . Stanton grounded out to catcher . Yelich singled to left . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu singled to right center . Arenado flied out to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Bour grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto lined out to right . Dietrich walked . Rojas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Parra grounded out to shortstop . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Story lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Despaigne grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to third . Stanton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Lucroy tripled to deep right . Chatwood popped out to second . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Yelich struck out swinging . Ozuna reached on infield single to third . Bour singled to right , Ozuna to third . Realmuto singled to center , Ozuna scored , Bour to second . Dietrich singled to right , Bour to third , Realmuto to second . Rojas doubled to deep left , Bour , Realmuto and Dietrich scored . Despaigne struck out swinging . Gordon lined out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Arenado fouled out to first . Reynolds singled to center . Parra lined out to shortstop . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . Ozuna singled to right . Bour walked , Ozuna to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Story singled to center . Lucroy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Story out at second . Amarista hit for Chatwood . Amarista singled to right . Blackmon doubled to deep left center , Amarista scored . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Dietrich doubled to deep right . Rojas doubled to deep center , Dietrich scored . Despaigne sacrificed to catcher , Rojas to third . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Despaigne pitching for Marlins . Arenado doubled to deep center . Reynolds flied out to center , Arenado to third . Parra grounded out to first , Arenado scored . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Yelich grounded out to second . Ozuna grounded out to third . Bour grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Story flied out to left . Lucroy homered to left ( 429 feet ) . Tapia hit for Senzatela . Tapia reached on infield single to second . Blackmon walked , Tapia to second . Telis at first base . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu walked , Tapia to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center , Tapia scored , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Realmuto doubled to deep left . Dietrich walked . Rojas walked , Realmuto to third , Dietrich to second . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Moore hit for Telis . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Realmuto out at home , Dietrich to third , Rojas to second . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dietrich out at home , Rojas to third , Moore to second . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Moore at first base . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Parra struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Yelich walked . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at second , Ozuna to second on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu . Suzuki hit for Steckenrider . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Ozuna to third . Realmuto walked . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Dietrich popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Lucroy walked . Tauchman ran for Lucroy . González hit for Dunn . González struck out swinging . Blackmon lined into double play , to first , Tauchman doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Rockies 4 .	Rojas has 4 RBIs as Marlins beat playoff - hopeful Rockies 5 - 4