Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to first . LeMahieu grounded out to third . González grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to center . Marte singled to right , Peralta to third . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Peralta and Marte scored . Martinez flied out to left . Lamb singled to right . Pollock doubled to left , Lamb to third . Descalso struck out looking . Mathis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado struck out swinging . Story flied out to left . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Greinke grounded out to pitcher . Peralta singled to right center . Marte tripled to deep right center , Peralta scored . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds popped out to second . Lucroy walked . Tapia hit for Oberg . Tapia singled to right , Lucroy to third . Blackmon flied out to left . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to right . Pollock struck out swinging . Descalso homered to right ( 403 feet ) , Lamb scored . Mathis flied out to center . Greinke grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . González singled to right . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , González out at second . Story singled to center , Arenado to second . Parra singled to center , Arenado scored , Story to third . Reynolds grounded out to first , Story scored , Parra to second . Lucroy doubled to deep right , Parra scored . Amarista hit for Anderson . Amarista singled to center , Lucroy scored . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Peralta flied out to center . Marte tripled to deep center . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Martinez intentionally walked . Lamb popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Mathis walked . Ray struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Story grounded out to shortstop . Parra singled to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to left . Marte struck out swinging . Desmond at first base . Neshek pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to catcher , Peralta to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Lucroy to third on wild pitch by Ray . Desmond struck out swinging . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon sacrificed to second , Lucroy scored . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to right . Pollock fouled out to first . Descalso walked , Lamb to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Bradley tripled to deep center , Lamb and Descalso scored . McGee pitching for Rockies . Peralta grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . González grounded out to second . Arenado homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Story homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Valaika hit for McGee . Valaika doubled to right center . Lucroy flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out looking . Goldschmidt singled to left . Holland pitching for Rockies . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . Lamb singled to left center , Martinez to second . Martinez to third , Lamb to second on wild pitch by Holland . Pollock tripled to deep right , Martinez and Lamb scored . Descalso intentionally walked . Mathis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Pollock scored , Descalso to second . Drury hit for Bradley . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mathis out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to center . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Desmond to second on fielder 's indifference . Desmond to third on fielder 's indifference . González singled to center , Desmond scored . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , González out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Bradley 's stunning triple helps D - backs beat Rockies 11 - 8