Rays - Top 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Guyer flied out to center. Mahtook struck out swinging. Longoria struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Gose flied out to left. Kinsler struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left center. J.D. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Forsythe walked. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Forsythe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Castellanos struck out looking. McCann singled to right. Machado grounded out to third, McCann to second. Romine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Shaffer struck out swinging. Kiermaier singled to center. Arencibia struck out swinging. Kiermaier caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Guyer batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Davis homered to left center (403 feet). Gose struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Guyer popped out to first. Mahtook tripled to deep right. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to left, Mahtook scored. Forsythe flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Rays. J.D. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Castellanos struck out looking. McCann grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Cabrera grounded out to third. Beckham struck out looking. Shaffer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Machado struck out swinging. Romine struck out looking. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Kiermaier walked. Arencibia singled to right, Kiermaier to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Sizemore hit for Guyer. Sizemore singled to left, Kiermaier scored, Arencibia to second. Mahtook bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Arencibia out at third, Sizemore to second. Longoria singled to left center, Sizemore scored, Mahtook to second. Forsythe singled to deep right, Mahtook scored, Longoria to second. Longoria to third, Forsythe to second on balk by Alburquerque. Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Longoria out at home, Forsythe to third. Beckham singled to center, Forsythe scored, Cabrera to second. Shaffer struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Sizemore in left field. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Gose singled to center. Kinsler singled to right, Gose to second. Cabrera singled to center, Gose to third, Kinsler to second. Andriese pitching for Rays. J.D. Martinez walked, Gose scored, Kinsler to third, Cabrera to second. Colomé pitching for Rays. Castellanos struck out looking. McCann hit by pitch, Kinsler scored, Cabrera to third, J.D. Martinez to second. Collins hit for Machado. Collins struck out swinging. Romine singled to left center, Cabrera and J.D. Martinez scored, McCann to second, McCann thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Wilson at third base. Romine at shortstop. Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Feliz pitching for Tigers. Arencibia doubled to deep right. Sizemore flied out to center. Nava hit for Mahtook. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Nava singled to left, Arencibia scored. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Longoria singled to center, Nava to second. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nava out at third, Longoria to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Nava in right field. Rivera catching. Colome pitching for Rays. Davis struck out swinging. Gose singled to right center. Gose to second on wild pitch by Colomé. Gose to third on wild pitch by Colomé. Gose scored on throwing error by catcher Rivera. Kinsler popped out to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Cabrera flied out to center. Jaso hit for Beckham. Jaso grounded out to first. Shaffer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Karns pitching for Rays. J.D. Martinez homered to left (413 feet). Castellanos singled to left center. Castellanos caught stealing second, catcher to second. McCann popped out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Rondón pitching for Tigers. Kiermaier walked. Loney hit for Rivera. Loney singled to center, Kiermaier to second. Franklin ran for Loney. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Nava walked, Kiermaier to third, Franklin to second. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to line left, Kiermaier scored, Franklin to third, Nava to second, Longoria to first on error by left fielder Davis. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Franklin out at home, Nava to third, Longoria to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Maile catching. Karns pitching for Rays. Romine singled to left center. Davis struck out swinging, Romine to second on wild pitch by Karns. Gose flied out to left, Romine to third. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 10th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Jaso struck out swinging. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Shaffer grounded out to shortstop. Kiermaier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 10th. Karns pitching for Rays. Cabrera walked. J.D. Martinez struck out swinging. Castellanos singled to right center, Cabrera to third. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at home, Castellanos to second. Marte hit for Wilson. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 11th. Marte at third base. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Maile struck out swinging. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Nava struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 11th. Gomes pitching for Rays. Romine flied out to right. Davis reached on infield single to first. Davis to second on balk by Gomes. Gose grounded out to second, Davis to third. Kinsler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 12th. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Longoria flied out to right. Forsythe flied out to right. Cabrera singled to right. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Butler hit for Jaso. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 12th. Bellatti pitching for Rays. Cabrera struck out swinging. J.D. Martinez struck out looking. Castellanos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 13th. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Shaffer singled to left. Kiermaier lined into double play, to first, Shaffer doubled off first. Maile grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 13th. Bellatti pitching for Rays. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop. Marte sacrificed to pitcher, McCann to second, Marte safe at first on error by pitcher Bellatti. Romine sacrificed to pitcher, McCann to third, Marte to second. Davis hit sacrifice fly to left, McCann scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rays 7 - Tigers 8.	Davis' 13th-inning sac fly gives Tigers 8-7 win over Rays