Rockies - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Taveras struck out swinging. Matsui reached on infield single to third. Matsui stole second. Holliday singled to center, Matsui scored. Helton walked, Holliday to second. Atkins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Soriano popped out to second. Fontenot reached on infield single to second. Fontenot caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Lee singled to center. Ramirez singled to left, Lee to second. DeRosa singled to left, Lee scored, Ramirez to second. Pagan homered to left, Ramirez and DeRosa scored. Bowen struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. Tulowitzki safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis. Torrealba singled to right, Tulowitzki to second. Francis struck out bunting foul. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tulowitzki out at third, Torrealba to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Izturis struck out swinging. Marquis lined out to shortstop. Soriano grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Matsui struck out swinging. Holliday struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Fontenot reached on infield single to third. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Fontenot to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second, Fontenot to third. DeRosa grounded out to third, Fontenot scored, Ramirez to second. Pagan popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Atkins grounded out to third. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher, Hawpe to second. Torrealba hit by pitch. Francis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hawpe out at third, Torrealba to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Bowen struck out looking. Izturis singled to right. Marquis struck out swinging. Soriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Taveras bunt grounded out to pitcher. Matsui struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Fontenot doubled to deep left. Lee singled to left, Fontenot to third. Ramirez popped out to second. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fontenot scored, Lee out at second. Pagan walked, DeRosa to second. Bowen walked, DeRosa to third, Pagan to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bowen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cubs. Helton flied out to left. Atkins singled to center. Hawpe reached on infield single to second, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Spilborghs hit for Francis. Torrealba singled to left, Atkins to third, Hawpe to second. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Theriot at shortstop. Spilborghs singled to right, Atkins and Hawpe scored, Torrealba to third. Martin pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in center field. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spilborghs out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Theriot reached on infield single to shortstop. Theriot to second on balk by Martin. Soriano grounded out to shortstop, Theriot to third. Fontenot singled to center, Theriot scored. Lee popped out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Matsui lined out to third. Holliday grounded out to third. Helton walked. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Atkins walked, Helton to second. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Rockies. DeRosa singled to center. Pagan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeRosa out at second. Bowen grounded out to third, Pagan to second. Eyre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Tulowitzki doubled to deep center. Torrealba walked. Baker hit for Martin. Spilborghs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Torrealba out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Julio pitching for Rockies. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Theriot doubled to deep left center. Soriano struck out swinging, Theriot stole third. Fontenot doubled to left, Theriot scored. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Cubs. Matsui singled to right. Holliday walked, Matsui to second. Howry pitching for Cubs. Helton doubled to deep left, Matsui scored, Holliday to third. Atkins singled to left, Holliday scored, Helton to third. Hawpe singled to right, Helton scored, Atkins to second. Tulowitzki homered to center, Atkins and Hawpe scored. Torrealba grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan hit for Julio. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan in center field. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Sullivan struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. DeRosa singled to center. Pie ran for DeRosa. Pagan struck out swinging. Hill hit for Howry. Bowen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pie out at second. Hill singled to left, Bowen to second. Jones ran for Bowen. Theriot safe at first on error by second baseman Matsui, Jones to third, Hill to second. Soriano singled to right center, Jones and Hill scored, Theriot to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rockies 9 - Cubs 10.	Cubs blow 5-run lead in top of 9th, rally in bottom