Dodgers - Top 1st. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to first. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Kemp safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez. Kemp caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Kent batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop. Theriot singled to right, Soriano to second. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Theriot out at second, Soriano to third. Ramirez walked. Ward walked, Ramirez to second. DeRosa lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. Kent singled to left center. Gonzalez walked, Kent to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to right, Gonzalez out at second, Kent to third. Loney lined into double play, shortstop to first, Martin doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Jones struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Trachsel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. LaRoche struck out swinging. Penny flied out to center. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Soriano popped out to shortstop. Theriot grounded out to pitcher. Lee doubled to deep right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. Pierre grounded out to second. Kemp reached on infield single to second. Kent flied out to right. Kemp stole second. Gonzalez singled to right, Kemp scored. Martin flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Ward singled to center. DeRosa singled to left, Ward to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ward scored, DeRosa out at second. Kendall grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. Loney struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Penny doubled to deep left. Furcal singled to center, Penny to third. Pierre singled to right, Penny scored, Furcal to third. Pierre stole second. Kemp singled to left, Pierre thrown out at home, Furcal scored, Pierre to third advancing on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Trachsel grounded out to second. Soriano popped out to shortstop. Theriot grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Trachsel pitching for Cubs. Kent popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Lee struck out swinging. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman LaRoche. Ward doubled to deep center, Ramirez scored. DeRosa singled to right, Ward to third. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DeRosa out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Loney singled to left. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Loney scored. Penny struck out swinging. Furcal grounded out to shortstop, LaRoche to third. Pierre reached on bunt single to first, LaRoche scored. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre to second. Kent grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Martinez at third base. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Fontenot hit for Wood. Fontenot walked. Soriano flied out to center. Theriot grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Ohman pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez singled to right center. Valdez ran for Gonzalez. Martin doubled to deep center, Valdez to third. Loney intentionally walked. Hart pitching for Cubs. Martinez walked, Valdez scored, Martin to third, Loney to second. Sweeney hit for Penny. Sweeney struck out looking. Furcal flied out to left, Martin thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Ethier in left field. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Lee flied out to right. Ramirez reached on infield single to second. Ward grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hart pitching for Cubs. Pierre flied out to left. Kemp tripled to deep right center. Kent struck out swinging. Ethier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Abreu at second base. Saito pitching for Dodgers. DeRosa walked. Jones lined into double play, pitcher to first, DeRosa out at first. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Cubs 2.	Penny's 15th win downs Cubs