Mets - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Garcia grounded out to third. Wright struck out swinging. Floyd lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Glavine pitching for Mets. Pierre doubled to left center. Castillo reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pierre to third. Lo Duca flied out to left. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Pierre scored. Castillo caught stealing second, catcher to second. Lowell batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Piazza struck out looking. Cameron grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Lowell lined out to right. Conine fouled out to right. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Delgado grounded out to second. Glavine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Glavine pitching for Mets. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Burnett struck out swinging. Pierre lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Garcia singled to left center. Wright grounded into fielder's choice to third, Garcia out at second. Floyd grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wright out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Castillo singled to right. Castillo stole second. Lo Duca sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to third. Cabrera homered to center, Castillo scored. Lowell singled to right. Conine singled to left, Lowell to second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conine out at second, Lowell to third, Encarnacion to first, Lowell scored on throwing error by second baseman Garcia. Encarnacion caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez batting. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Hidalgo walked. Piazza grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hidalgo out at second. Cameron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Glavine pitching for Mets. Gonzalez homered to left. Burnett grounded out to shortstop. Pierre singled to center. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castillo flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Wilson grounded out to second. Zeile hit for Glavine. Delgado walked. Zeile walked, Delgado to second. Garcia hit by pitch, Delgado to third, Zeile to second. Wright hit sacrifice fly to right, Delgado scored, Zeile to third, Garcia to second. Floyd walked. Bell pitching for Mets. Hidalgo struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Bell pitching for Mets. Lo Duca flied out to right. Cabrera singled to shallow center. Lowell singled to center, Cabrera to second. Conine lined into double play, to first, Lowell doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Piazza singled to deep right. Cameron struck out swinging. Seanez pitching for Marlins. Wilson walked, Piazza to second. Valent hit for Bell. Delgado doubled to right, Piazza scored, Wilson to third. Valent grounded out to second, Wilson scored, Delgado to third. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Garcia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Encarnacion hit by pitch. Harris hit for Seanez. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Encarnacion to second. Harris safe at second on error by center fielder Cameron, Encarnacion scored. Pierre flied out to left. Castillo walked. Mota pitching for Marlins. Lo Duca grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Marlins. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Floyd struck out swinging. Fortunato pitching for Mets. Hidalgo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Fortunato pitching for Mets. Cabrera walked. Lowell grounded out to second, Cabrera to second. Conine flied out to center. Encarnacion singled to right center, Cabrera scored. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Benitez pitching for Marlins. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. Cameron popped out to third. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 3 - Marlins 7.	Hurricane over so hot Marlins blow away Mets