Nationals - Top 1st. Latos pitching for White Sox. Revere walked. Werth grounded into double play, third to second to first, Revere out at second. Harper lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Eaton walked. Jackson walked, Eaton to second. Abreu singled to left, Eaton scored, Jackson to second. Frazier struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to right, Jackson to third, Abreu to second. Lawrie struck out swinging. Shuck walked, Jackson scored, Abreu to third, Cabrera to second. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Murphy walked. Ramos flied out to right. Murphy stole second. Zimmerman walked. Rendon doubled to deep right, Murphy scored, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa grounded out to second, Zimmerman scored, Rendon to third. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton hit by pitch. Jackson singled to right center, Eaton to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right, Eaton scored. Frazier homered to center (419 feet), Jackson scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Revere grounded out to second. Werth struck out looking. Harper popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Lawrie lined out to center. Shuck struck out swinging. Navarro lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Murphy grounded out to second. Ramos singled to left center. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Ramos to second. Rendon homered to left center (377 feet), Ramos scored. Espinosa popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Saladino flied out to right. Eaton grounded out to third. Jackson walked. Abreu lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Taylor singled to left. Taylor caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop to first to second. Revere walked. Werth singled to left, Revere to second. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Harper doubled to deep center, Revere and Werth scored. Murphy flied out to center. Albers pitching for White Sox. Ramos struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Frazier grounded out to third. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher. Lawrie struck out swinging. Shuck flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Zimmerman singled to deep left. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman safe at second on error by shortstop Saladino. Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Albers. Espinosa struck out swinging. Taylor doubled to deep left, Zimmerman and Rendon scored. Duke pitching for White Sox. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop, Taylor to third. Werth walked, Revere to second. Harper hit sacrifice fly to left, Taylor scored. Murphy hit by pitch, Revere to third, Werth to second. Ramos walked, Revere scored, Werth to third, Murphy to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Navarro walked. Saladino grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Navarro out at second. Eaton walked. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Purke pitching for White Sox. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa flied out to center. Taylor struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Abreu singled to right. Frazier walked, Abreu to second. Cabrera flied out to center. Lawrie fouled out to first, Abreu to third. Shuck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Purke pitching for White Sox. Revere struck out swinging. Werth doubled to deep right. Harper grounded out to second, Werth to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Navarro flied out to center. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Purke pitching for White Sox. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Rendon reached on infield single to third. Espinosa doubled to deep left, Rendon to third. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Jackson singled to left. Abreu flied out to left. Jackson to second on wild pitch by Petit. Frazier walked. Cabrera grounded out to second, Jackson to third, Frazier to second. Lawrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - White Sox 5.	Harper drives in 3 runs, Nationals beat White Sox 10-5