Nationals - Top 1st. Colon pitching for Mets. Revere tripled to deep right. Werth grounded out to third. Murphy singled to right, Revere scored. Harper grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Giolito pitching for Nationals. Reyes flied out to center. Granderson walked. Céspedes reached on infield single to shortstop, Granderson to second. Walker grounded out to first, Granderson to third, Céspedes to second. Loney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Colon pitching for Mets. Ramos grounded out to second. Robinson flied out to center. Rendon singled to left. Espinosa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Giolito pitching for Nationals. Cabrera walked. Nimmo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. d'Arnaud grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nimmo out at second. Colón struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Colon pitching for Mets. Giolito grounded out to shortstop. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Giolito pitching for Nationals. Reyes bunt popped out foul to catcher. Granderson walked. Céspedes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. Walker reached on infield single to shortstop, Céspedes to second. Loney singled to left, Céspedes scored, Walker to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Colon pitching for Mets. Murphy lined out to second. Harper homered to center (431 feet). Ramos grounded out to third. Robinson homered to left center (385 feet). Rendon homered to left (367 feet). Espinosa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Giolito pitching for Nationals. Nimmo struck out swinging. d'Arnaud homered to center (428 feet). Colón fouled out to catcher. Reyes homered to right (388 feet). Granderson doubled to deep right. Granderson to third on balk by Giolito. Céspedes doubled to left, Granderson scored. Walker walked. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Céspedes stole third, Walker stole second. Loney popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Colon pitching for Mets. Pérez singled to shallow left. Revere singled to left center, Pérez to second. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to first, Revere out at second, Pérez to third. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice, shortstop to second Werth out at second, Pérez scored. Harper singled to left center, Murphy to third. Ramos singled to center, Murphy scored, Harper to third. Blevins pitching for Mets. Robinson walked, Ramos to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right center. Nimmo singled to right, Cabrera to second. d'Arnaud struck out looking. Flores homered to left (417 feet), Cabrera and Nimmo scored. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Granderson doubled to center. Céspedes intentionally walked. Walker struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Robles pitching for Mets. Espinosa struck out swinging. Pérez doubled to right. Revere grounded out to pitcher, Pérez to third. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. De Aza hit for Robles. De Aza struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to right (400 feet). Nimmo flied out to left. d'Arnaud lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. De Aza in left field. Bastardo pitching for Mets. Murphy homered to right (423 feet). Harper struck out swinging. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Robinson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bastardo. Reed pitching for Mets. Rendon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Flores struck out swinging. Murphy at first base. Solis pitching for Nationals. Drew at second base. Reyes walked. Reyes caught stealing second, catcher to first. Granderson singled to center. Céspedes walked, Granderson to second. Walker singled to left, Granderson scored, Céspedes to second. Lagares hit for De Aza. Lagares walked, Céspedes to third, Walker to second. Petit pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Céspedes in left field. Lagares in center field. Reed pitching for Mets. Espinosa struck out swinging. Drew flied out to center. Revere flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Johnson hit for Reed. Petit pitching for Nationals. Johnson doubled to deep right. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. Flores walked. Reyes popped out to second. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Familia pitching for Mets. Johnson at first base. Flores at third base. Werth walked. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Werth out at second. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Mets 9.	Flores, Mets rally past Nationals 9-7 in series opener