Nationals - Top 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Turner walked. Turner stole second. Harper flied out to center, Turner to third. Murphy singled to left, Turner scored. Ramos struck out swinging. Werth doubled to deep center, Murphy scored. Rendon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Davis walked. Kipnis hit ground rule double to deep center, Davis to third. Davis scored, Kipnis to third on passed ball by Ramos. Lindor popped out to second. Napoli walked. Santana hit sacrifice fly to left, Kipnis scored. Ramírez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Espinosa struck out swinging. Revere lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Uribe struck out swinging. Almonte struck out looking. Pérez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Turner struck out swinging. Harper lined out to right. Murphy lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Davis flied out to right. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor singled to right. Napoli singled to left, Lindor to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Ramos doubled to deep right center. Werth struck out looking. Rendon homered to center (417 feet), Ramos scored. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Espinosa walked. Revere lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ramírez singled to center. Uribe lined out to right. Almonte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramírez out at second. Pérez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Turner reached on infield single to second. Crockett pitching for Indians. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, Turner out at second. Murphy lined into double play, to first, Harper doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Davis lined out to left. Kipnis lined out to left. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Manship pitching for Indians. Ramos homered to right (382 feet). Werth doubled to deep left. Rendon singled to center, Werth to third. Otero pitching for Indians. Zimmerman lined into double play, pitcher to first, Rendon out at first. Espinosa grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Napoli struck out looking. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Otero pitching for Indians. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Turner struck out swinging. Harper lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Uribe flied out to center. Almonte doubled to left. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Chisenhall hit for Pérez. Chisenhall singled to shallow left center, Almonte scored. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Chisenhall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Gimenez catching. Chisenhall in right field. Adams pitching for Indians. Murphy fouled out to third. Ramos struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Kipnis doubled to center. Lindor singled to left, Kipnis to third. Napoli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kipnis scored, Lindor out at second. Santana fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Adams pitching for Indians. Rendon doubled to left. Zimmerman flied out to right. Shaw pitching for Indians. Espinosa hit by pitch. Revere reached on infield single to catcher, Rendon to third, Espinosa to second. Turner safe at first on error by first baseman Napoli, Rendon scored, Espinosa to third, Revere to second. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Espinosa out at home, Revere to third, Turner to second. Murphy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Ramírez walked. Naquin hit for Uribe. Naquin doubled to deep center, Ramírez scored. Gimenez sacrificed to catcher, Naquin to third, Gimenez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Zimmerman. Naquin scored on throwing error by first baseman Zimmerman. Chisenhall intentionally walked. Davis reached on infield single to third, Gimenez to third, Chisenhall to second. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Kipnis lined out to left. Lindor singled to right, Gimenez scored, Chisenhall to third, Davis to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 6 - Indians 7.	Indians rally for 3 in 9th to stun Nationals 7-6