Braves - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Inciarte grounded out to second. Aybar flied out to center. Freeman homered to right (403 feet). Kemp struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Whalen pitching for Braves. Turner tripled to deep right center. Revere grounded out to first. Murphy homered to right (418 feet), Turner scored. Rendon flied out to center. Werth struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Markakis lined out to center. García grounded out to second. Peterson walked. Pierzynski popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Whalen pitching for Braves. Goodwin grounded out to first. Espinosa safe at first on error by pitcher Whalen. Severino grounded out to first, Espinosa to second. López struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Whalen singled to right. Inciarte fouled out to third. Aybar flied out to left. Freeman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Whalen pitching for Braves. Turner homered to left (400 feet). Revere tripled to right. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center, Revere scored. Rendon struck out swinging. Werth flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Kemp flied out to left. Markakis doubled to deep right. García reached first base on catcher's interference. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, García out at second, Markakis to third. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peterson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Whalen pitching for Braves. Goodwin grounded out to pitcher. Espinosa struck out swinging. Severino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Whalen grounded out to second. Inciarte grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Whalen pitching for Braves. López grounded out to second. Turner singled to left center. Revere tripled to deep right, Turner scored. Murphy grounded out to second, Revere scored. Rendon lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Freeman walked. Kemp singled to right, Freeman to second. Markakis flied out to center. García lined out to left. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hursh pitching for Braves. Werth singled to center. Goodwin struck out swinging. Werth to second on wild pitch by Hursh. Espinosa singled to right, Werth scored. Severino reached on infield single to third, Espinosa to second. López grounded out to second, Espinosa to third, Severino to second. Turner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Pierzynski singled to left. Beckham hit for Hursh. Beckham struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Roe pitching for Braves. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Rendon walked. Werth lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Solis pitching for Nationals. Aybar singled to center. Freeman walked, Aybar to second. Kemp singled to left, Aybar scored, Freeman to second. Markakis lined into double play, second to shortstop, Freeman doubled off second. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Kemp to second on wild pitch by Kelley. García struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Roe pitching for Braves. Goodwin flied out to center. Espinosa grounded out to second. Severino reached on infield single to shortstop. Robinson hit for Kelley. Robinson singled to left, Severino to second. Turner fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Peterson tripled to deep right. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Francoeur hit for Roe. Francoeur singled to center, Peterson scored, Pierzynski to second. Melancon pitching for Nationals. Inciarte singled to center, Pierzynski scored, Francoeur to third. Aybar doubled to deep center, Francoeur and Inciarte scored, Aybar out stretching at third. Freeman lined out to right. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Nationals 7.	Murphy's 4 RBIs leads Nationals past Braves 7-6