Nationals - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Turner reached on infield single to third. Werth grounded out to third, Turner to second. Murphy struck out swinging. Harper walked. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu singled to right center. Arenado lined out to center. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Rendon doubled to deep right center. Espinosa sacrificed to pitcher, Rendon to third. Revere flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Raburn grounded out to pitcher. Hundley doubled to deep right center. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. Adames grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Turner lined out to first. Werth singled to right center. Murphy singled to right, Werth to second. Werth to third on passed ball by Hundley. Harper grounded out to shortstop, Werth scored, Murphy to second. Ramos singled to deep right, Murphy scored. Rendon flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Bettis struck out looking. Blackmon doubled to deep right center. LeMahieu homered to center (440 feet), Blackmon scored. Arenado grounded out to third. González lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Espinosa singled to left. Revere grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Espinosa out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop. Hundley singled to center, Raburn to second. Descalso flied out to center. Adames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hundley out at second, Raburn to third. Rusin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Turner grounded out to third. Werth grounded out to third. Murphy singled to right center. Harper popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Blackmon flied out to left. LeMahieu tripled to right. Arenado grounded out to third, LeMahieu scored. González grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Rendon singled to right. Espinosa flied out to center. Revere struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Raburn grounded out to third. Hundley flied out to left. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Carasiti pitching for Rockies. Parra in left field. Goodwin hit for Petit. Goodwin walked. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goodwin out at second. Werth hit by pitch, Turner to second. Logan pitching for Rockies. Murphy lined out to left. Harper grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Adames grounded out to third. Parra doubled to deep center. Blackmon walked. Treinen pitching for Nationals. LeMahieu walked, Parra to third, Blackmon to second. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center, Parra scored, Blackmon to third, LeMahieu to second. González intentionally walked. Dahl hit for Logan. Dahl doubled to deep left, Blackmon and LeMahieu scored, González thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Ramos lined out to center. Rendon singled to center. Espinosa struck out swinging. Revere grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Hundley walked. Descalso grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hundley out at second. Adames grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Robinson hit for Treinen. Robinson popped out to shortstop. Turner struck out swinging. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Rockies 6.	LeMahieu reaches in 9th straight plate appearance; Rox win