Nationals - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Turner lined out to left. Werth struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Blackmon doubled to deep center. LeMahieu singled to left, Blackmon to third. Dahl walked, LeMahieu to second. Arenado singled to left center, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to third, Dahl to second. Parra doubled to deep right center, LeMahieu, Dahl and Arenado scored. Descalso walked. Paulsen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Descalso out at second, Parra to third. Wolters doubled to right, Parra scored, Paulsen to third. Gray doubled to deep right, Paulsen and Wolters scored. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu struck out looking. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Harper singled to center. Ramos popped out to shortstop. Rendon doubled to deep left, Harper scored. Goodwin singled to right, Rendon scored. Espinosa grounded out to first, Goodwin to second. Strasburg grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Dahl grounded out to second. Arenado walked. Parra tripled to deep left center, Arenado scored. Descalso struck out swinging. Paulsen reached on infield single to first, Parra scored. Wolters singled to center, Paulsen to second. Glover pitching for Nationals. Gray walked, Paulsen to third, Wolters to second. Blackmon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Turner grounded out to third. Werth walked. Murphy struck out looking. Harper safe at first on error by first baseman Paulsen, Werth to second. Ramos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Glover pitching for Nationals. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Dahl grounded out to pitcher. Arenado popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Rendon singled to left. Goodwin struck out swinging. Espinosa singled to right, Rendon to second. Difo hit for Glover. Difo singled to left, Rendon scored, Espinosa to second, Espinosa to third, Difo to second advancing on throw. Turner hit sacrifice fly to center, Espinosa scored. Difo to third on wild pitch by Gray. Werth flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Parra grounded out to first. Descalso grounded out to first. Paulsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Murphy walked. Harper homered to right center (481 feet), Murphy scored. Ramos flied out to right. Rendon lined out to left. Goodwin singled to right. Espinosa flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Wolters homered to right (415 feet). Raburn hit for Bergman. Raburn walked. Blackmon hit by pitch, Raburn to second. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Revere in center field. LeMahieu singled to center, Raburn scored, Blackmon to second. Dahl grounded into fielder's choice to second, LeMahieu out at second, Blackmon to third. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored. Parra struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Revere grounded out to third. Turner doubled to left. Werth grounded out to shortstop, Turner to third. Turner scored on Lyles' wild pitch. Murphy doubled to deep right. Harper walked. Ramos grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Descalso grounded out to third. Paulsen struck out looking. Wolters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Carasiti pitching for Rockies. Rendon struck out swinging. Severino hit for Belisle. Severino homered to left (420 feet). Espinosa walked. Revere grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Espinosa out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Adames hit for Carasiti. Adames popped out to third. Blackmon fouled out to third. LeMahieu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Estevez pitching for Rockies. Turner tripled to deep right. Werth hit sacrifice fly to left, Turner scored. Logan pitching for Rockies. Murphy struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Heisey in left field. Dahl struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Ramos struck out looking. Rendon grounded out to second. Heisey homered to left (385 feet). Espinosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Rockies 12.	LeMahieu sparks offense as Rockies beat Nationals 12-10