Nationals - Top 1st. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Turner struck out swinging. Espinosa grounded out to second. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Swanson safe at first on error by shortstop Espinosa. García grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Swanson out at second. Markakis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to first. Ramos grounded out to second. Zimmerman singled to center. Heisey reached on infield single to second, Zimmerman to second. Difo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Kemp singled to left center. Francoeur struck out swinging. Recker walked, Kemp to second. Peterson walked, Kemp to third, Recker to second. Beckham struck out swinging. De La Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to left center. Turner walked, Gonzalez to second. Espinosa hit by pitch, Gonzalez to third, Turner to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez scored, Espinosa out at second, Turner to third. Harper homered to right (411 feet), Turner and Murphy scored. Ramos singled to center. Zimmerman lined out to right. Heisey lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Swanson walked. García singled to center, Swanson to third. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Swanson and García scored, Markakis to third on throwing error by shortstop Espinosa. Kemp flied out to center, Markakis scored on throwing error by center fielder Turner. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Recker struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Difo lined out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Peterson struck out swinging. Beckham singled to center. De La Cruz struck out swinging. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Espinosa struck out looking. Murphy grounded out to second. Harper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. García struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. Kemp fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Ramos flied out to left. Zimmerman walked. Heisey homered to left center (404 feet), Zimmerman scored. Difo grounded out to third. Gonzalez singled to left. Krol pitching for Braves. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Francoeur grounded out to third. Recker doubled to deep left. Peterson reached on infield single to second, Recker scored on throwing error by second baseman Murphy. Beckham flied out to center. d'Arnaud hit for Krol. Petit pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Espinosa flied out to right. Murphy walked. Harper struck out swinging. Ramos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Swanson popped out to second. García grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Roe pitching for Braves. Zimmerman lined out to right. Heisey struck out swinging. Difo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Kemp homered to left center (377 feet). Francoeur singled to center. Recker sacrificed to catcher, Francoeur to second, Recker safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Petit. Francoeur to third on throwing error by pitcher Petit. Peterson intentionally walked. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Rendon at third base. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francoeur scored, Peterson out at second, Recker to third. Inciarte hit for Roe. Inciarte intentionally walked. Inciarte to second on fielder's indifference. Swanson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Peterson at second base. Johnson pitching for Braves. Inciarte in center field. Rendon flied out to center. Turner struck out looking. Espinosa struck out swinging, Espinosa safe at first on passed ball by Recker. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. García struck out looking. Markakis grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 10th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Harper singled to right. Ramos struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Harper stole second. Heisey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 10th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Robinson at first base. Francoeur fouled out to first. Recker grounded out to shortstop. Peterson homered to right (381 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Braves 7.	Peterson's homer in 10th sends Braves past Nationals