Nationals - Top 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Turner reached on infield single to third. Turner caught stealing second, catcher to second. Werth walked. Murphy flied out to left. Harper singled to right center, Werth to third. Rendon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to center. Pearce walked, Jones to second. Machado struck out swinging. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pearce out at second, Jones to third. Trumbo singled to left, Jones scored, Davis to third, Trumbo out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Schoop grounded out to second. Álvarez walked. Wieters doubled to deep right, Álvarez scored. Hardy grounded out to pitcher, Wieters to third. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Wieters scored. Pearce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Espinosa flied out to right. Turner singled to left. Turner caught stealing second, catcher to second. Werth walked. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Nationals. Machado struck out swinging. Davis singled to left. Trumbo singled to left, Davis to second. Schoop doubled to deep left, Davis scored, Trumbo to third. Álvarez walked. Wieters flied out to left. Hardy safe at first on error by second baseman Murphy, Trumbo and Schoop scored, Álvarez to second. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Jones singled to shortstop, Álvarez to third, Hardy to second. Pearce grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Harper fouled out to third. Rendon reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramos fouled out to first. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Machado flied out to center. Davis flied out to center. Trumbo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Robinson grounded out to third. Espinosa struck out swinging. Turner doubled to deep right. Werth grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Schoop lined out to third. Álvarez grounded out to second. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to second. Harper singled to center. Rendon flied out to center. Ramos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Belisle pitching for Nationals. Hardy struck out swinging. Jones singled to right center. Pearce struck out swinging. Machado singled to left, Jones to second. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Worley pitching for Orioles. Zimmerman singled to center. Robinson singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Espinosa singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Robinson to second, Robinson thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Turner singled to left, Espinosa to second. Werth grounded into double play, third to second to first, Turner out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Nationals. Trumbo grounded out to third. Schoop struck out swinging. Álvarez doubled to deep right. Wieters singled to right, Álvarez scored. Hardy walked, Wieters to second. Petit pitching for Nationals. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Richard Worley pitching for Orioles. Murphy struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to first. Rendon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Nationals. Pearce flied out to center. Machado popped out to second. Davis homered to right center (430 feet). Trumbo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Flaherty in right field. Reimold in left field. Richard Worley pitching for Orioles. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to center. Robinson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Orioles 8.	Gausman throws 6 shutout innings as Orioles beat Nats 8-1