Rockies - Top 1st . Beachy pitching for Braves . Fowler doubled to deep right . LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher , Fowler to third . Gonzalez singled to left , Fowler scored . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Heyward struck out swinging . Upton singled to left . Freeman lined out to left . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Beachy pitching for Braves . Helton struck out swinging . Rosario homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Arenado doubled to left . Arenado to third on wild pitch by Beachy . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to first . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Simmons popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Beachy pitching for Braves . LeMahieu flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki walked . Cuddyer tripled to deep center , Gonzalez and Tulowitzki scored . Helton hit sacrifice fly to right , Cuddyer scored . Rosario struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Terdoslavich doubled to deep left . Beachy sacrificed to pitcher , Terdoslavich to third . Heyward singled to right , Terdoslavich scored . Upton walked , Heyward to second . Freeman singled to right , Heyward to third , Upton to second . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Heyward scored , Upton safe at third on error by third baseman Arenado , Freeman to second . Johnson doubled to left , Upton and Freeman scored , Gattis to third . Uggla grounded out to shortstop , Gattis scored , Johnson to third . Simmons doubled to deep left , Johnson scored . Terdoslavich intentionally walked . Beachy flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Arenado homered to left ( 378 feet ) . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to left . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to right , LeMahieu to third . Gonzalez stole second . LeMahieu scored , Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Carpenter . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Heyward reached on infield single to third . Upton struck out looking . Freeman struck out swinging . Gattis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Helton popped out to shortstop . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Johnson singled to left . Uggla doubled to left , Johnson scored . Simmons grounded out to shortstop , Uggla to third . Terdoslavich singled to right , Uggla scored . Carpenter sacrificed to catcher , Terdoslavich to second . Heyward flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Arenado grounded out to second . Dickerson hit for De La Rosa . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out looking . Freeman struck out looking . Gattis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Ayala pitching for Braves . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to left . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cuddyer batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Simmons singled to left . Terdoslavich grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Avilan pitching for Braves . Constanza in left field . Cuddyer grounded out to first . Helton singled to left . Rosario singled to right , Helton to second . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Constanza grounded out to third . Heyward struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Braves . Blackmon hit for Lopez . Blackmon struck out swinging . Fowler walked . LeMahieu singled to center , Fowler to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Fowler scored , LeMahieu to second . Tulowitzki flied out to center , LeMahieu to third , Gonzalez to second . Cuddyer intentionally walked . Downs pitching for Braves . Helton lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Freeman struck out swinging . Gattis grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 10th . Downs pitching for Braves . Rosario singled to right . Arenado sacrificed to first , Rosario to second . Culberson hit for Belisle . Culberson grounded out to third , Rosario to third . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Uggla walked . Simmons tripled to deep left , Uggla scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Braves 9 .	Braves win 4th straight on Simmons ' triple