Braves - Top 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . Upton doubled to deep right center . Freeman flied out to left . Gattis singled to center , Upton scored . McCann walked , Gattis to second . Johnson singled to center , Gattis scored , McCann to second . Simmons popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Crawford singled to left . Crawford to second on wild pitch by Teheran . Ellis struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Teheran struck out swinging . Heyward flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Puig singled to center . Uribe singled to left , Puig to second . Schumaker struck out looking . Ellis walked , Puig to third , Uribe to second . Ryu hit sacrifice fly to right , Puig scored , Uribe to third . Crawford homered to right , Uribe and Ellis scored . Ellis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Upton singled to center . Freeman singled to right , Upton to second . Gattis singled to shallow center , Upton to third , Freeman to second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Upton scored , Gattis out at second , Freeman to third . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Freeman scored , McCann to second . Simmons grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Ramirez doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez singled to center , Ramirez scored . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second , Puig to second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson . Uribe struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to left center , Puig scored . Ellis singled to right , Schumaker to second . Young hit for Ryu . Wood pitching for Braves . Schumaker to third , Ellis to second on wild pitch by Wood . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Johnson walked . Wood sacrificed to catcher , Johnson to second . Heyward flied out to center . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Braves . Crawford safe at first on error by pitcher Wood . Ellis flied out to center . Ramirez tripled to deep center , Crawford scored . Gonzalez struck out looking . Puig singled to center , Ramirez scored . Uribe homered to right , Puig scored . Schumaker grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Freeman walked . Gattis struck out swinging . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freeman out at second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Braves . Ellis lined out to second . Capuano grounded out to first . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Simmons walked . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Simmons out at second . Upton hit for Wood . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Ayala pitching for Braves . Ellis struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Heyward struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to first . Freeman singled to right . Gattis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Walden pitching for Braves . Puig grounded out to second . Uribe struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . McCann fouled out to left . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Johnson struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Walden pitching for Braves . Ellis hit by pitch . Ethier hit for Belisario . Ethier struck out swinging . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . Ellis walked , Crawford to second . Ramirez singled to left center , Crawford scored , Ellis to third . Avilan pitching for Braves . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Ellis scored , Ramirez to second . Puig singled to right , Ramirez scored , Gonzalez to second . Hale pitching for Braves . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Puig out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Punto at shortstop . Johnson flied out to right . Johnson hit for Hale . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Heyward homered to center , Johnson scored . Upton walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Gattis singled to left , Upton to third . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . McCann struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Dodgers 13 .	Dodgers thump Braves , go up 2 - 1