Marlins - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Villar reached on infield single to second . Joyce grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Villar out at second . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Mejia pitching for Marlins . Turner singled to left . Eaton lined out to center . Soto flied out to center . Kendrick doubled to deep right center , Turner scored . Thames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Dickerson homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Anderson struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to left . Rojas lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Mejia pitching for Marlins . Suzuki struck out swinging . Garcia reached on infield single to first . Kieboom walked , Garcia to second . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kieboom out at second , Garcia to third . Robles stole second . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop , Garcia scored , Robles out at home in rundown . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Brinson struck out swinging . Navarreto flied out to right . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Mejia pitching for Marlins . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Soto singled to left center . Kendrick lined out to right . Thames walked , Soto to second . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Joyce struck out looking . Aguilar lined out to right . Dickerson singled to center . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dickerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Mejia pitching for Marlins . Garcia singled to center . Kieboom struck out swinging . Garcia to second on caught stealing error by second baseman Villar . Robles struck out looking . Turner hit by pitch . Eaton doubled to deep right , Turner scored and Garcia scored . Sharp pitching for Marlins . Soto walked . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eaton out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Rojas flied out to center . Brinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Sharp pitching for Marlins . Thames walked . Suzuki singled to center , Thames to second . Garcia singled to center , Suzuki to second , Thames to third . Kieboom walked , Thames scored , Garcia to second , Suzuki to third . Robles grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Garcia scored and Suzuki scored on fielding error by third baseman Anderson , Kieboom to second . Turner tripled to right , Kieboom scored and Robles scored . Leibrandt pitching for Marlins . Eaton walked . Sierra in center field . Brinson in left field . Soto struck out looking . Kendrick grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Navarreto singled to center . Villar struck out swinging . Joyce singled to center , Navarreto to second . Aguilar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Leibrandt pitching for Marlins . Thames singled to right . Suzuki flied out to right . Garcia grounded out to second , Thames to second . Kieboom grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Difo at shortstop . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Sierra flied out to left . Berti hit for Anderson . Berti struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Forsythe at first base . Berti at third base . Leibrandt pitching for Marlins . Robles lined out to right . Difo lined out to left . Eaton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Harper pitching for Nationals . Rojas flied out to center . Brinson flied out to left . Navarreto singled to left center . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Taylor hit for Soto . Leibrandt pitching for Marlins . Taylor flied out to center . Harrison hit for Kendrick . Harrison lined out to right . Thames fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Taylor in left field . Harrison as designated hitter . Harper pitching for Nationals . Joyce struck out swinging . Forsythe struck out swinging . Sierra reached on infield single to third . Sierra to second on fielder 's indifference . Berti singled to left , Sierra scored . Sanchez doubled to left , Berti scored . Rojas flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Nationals 9 .	Sánchez pitches Nationals past Marlins 9 - 3