Phillies - Top 1st . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Hoskins reached on infield single to catcher . Hoskins to second on balk . Harper walked , Hoskins to third on passed ball by Alfaro . Harper stole second . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop , Hoskins scored . Gregorius popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Dickerson walked . Marte doubled to third , Dickerson scored . Aguilar walked . Joyce struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . Cooper lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Segura lined out to shortstop . Knapp safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Aguilar . Bohm singled to right center , Knapp scored on fielding error by center fielder Marte , Bohm to third . Haseley singled to center , Bohm scored . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Haseley out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Rojas grounded out to second . Chisholm struck out swinging . Alfaro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Hoskins grounded out to second . Harper walked . Realmuto flied out to center . Harper caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sandy Alcantara pitches to Didi Gregorius . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Dickerson singled to shallow center . Marte singled to right , Dickerson to second . Aguilar flied out to center , Marte to second , Dickerson to third . Joyce hit sacrifice fly to center , Dickerson scored , Marte to third . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Gregorius doubled to deep right . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop , Gregorius to third . Knapp struck out swinging . Bohm singled to deep center , Gregorius scored , Segura to third . Haseley sacrificed to pitcher , Segura scored , Bohm to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Cooper singled to right center . Rojas doubled to deep left , Cooper to third . Chisholm fouled out to third . Alfaro grounded out to second , Cooper scored , Rojas to third . Dickerson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to first . Realmuto homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Gregorius fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Marte lined out to center . Aguilar grounded out to shortstop . Joyce walked . Anderson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Alcantara pitching for Marlins . Segura grounded out to second . Knapp struck out swinging . Bohm grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Cooper flied out to right . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . Chisholm walked . Romero pitching for Phillies . Alfaro singled to shallow right , Chisholm to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Vincent pitching for Marlins . Haseley grounded out to first . McCutchen singled to left . Hoskins flied out to center . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Marte bunt grounded out to pitcher . Aguilar struck out swinging . Joyce walked . Anderson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Bleier pitching for Marlins . Realmuto doubled to deep right . Gregorius grounded out to second , Realmuto to third . Segura walked . Knapp bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Segura to second , Realmuto out at home . Bohm walked , Knapp to second , Segura to third . Haseley popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hunter pitching for Phillies . Cooper walked . Rojas flied out to left . Chisholm singled to left , Cooper to second . Alfaro flied out to center . Dickerson singled to right , Chisholm to second , Cooper to third . Workman pitching for Phillies . Marte doubled to deep right , Cooper scored , Dickerson scored and Chisholm scored . Aguilar walked . Joyce grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aguilar out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . García pitching for Marlins . McCutchen flied out to center . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Workman pitching for Phillies . Anderson singled to shallow left center . Harrison ran for Anderson . Cooper grounded out to third , Harrison to second . Harrison stole third . Rojas walked . Rojas stole second . Chisholm struck out swinging . Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop , Harrison scored , Rojas to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 6 - Marlins 7 .	Marlins rally past Phils , open 1st 7 - game series since ' 67