Nationals - Top 1st . Castano pitching for Marlins . Turner singled to left . Soto singled to left , Turner to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Soto to second , Turner to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left , Turner scored . Harrison singled to right , Soto scored . Harrison caught stealing second , catcher to second . Daniel Castano pitches to Carter Kieboom . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Dickerson homered to right center ( 423 feet ) . Marte hit by pitch . Cooper grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . Aguilar popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Castano pitching for Marlins . Kieboom grounded out to third . Noll lined out to center . Taylor lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Anderson homered to left center ( 408 feet ) . Rojas struck out swinging . Brinson struck out looking . Rodríguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Castano pitching for Marlins . Robles grounded out to third . Turner safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Rojas . Soto grounded out to second , Turner to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Crowe pitching for Nationals . Wallach grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to right . Marte reached on infield single to third , Dickerson to second . Cooper walked , Marte to second , Dickerson to third . Aguilar walked , Dickerson scored , Cooper to second , Marte to third . McGowin pitching for Nationals . Anderson flied out to center . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Marte scored , Aguilar to second , Cooper to third . Brinson singled to left center , Aguilar scored and Cooper scored , Rojas to third . Brinson stole second . Rodríguez flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Castano pitching for Marlins . Suzuki fouled out to left . Harrison popped out to second . Kieboom singled to left . Noll lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Bourque pitching for Nationals . Wallach flied out to left . Dickerson lined out to center . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Castano pitching for Marlins . Taylor struck out swinging . Robles tripled to right . García pitching for Marlins . Turner walked . Soto singled to left , Robles scored , Turner to second . Cabrera popped out to third . Soto to second on balk , Turner to third on balk . Suzuki struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Bourque pitching for Nationals . Cooper walked . Aguilar walked , Cooper to second . Anderson homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Cooper scored and Aguilar scored . Harper pitching for Nationals . Rojas grounded out to second . Brinson reached on infield single to third . Rodríguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brinson safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Turner . Wallach struck out swinging . Dickerson singled to deep right , Brinson scored , Rodríguez to third . Marte struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Harrison in right field . Brinson in left field . Boxberger pitching for Marlins . Harrison struck out swinging . Kieboom struck out swinging . Noll grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Garcia at shortstop . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Cooper hit by pitch . Aguilar walked , Cooper to second . Holt pitching for Nationals . Anderson homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Cooper scored and Aguilar scored . Rojas flied out to center . Brinson singled to right center . Rodríguez singled to shallow left , Brinson to second . Wallach doubled to left , Brinson scored , Rodríguez to third . Harrison fouled out to catcher . Marte lined out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Vincent pitching for Marlins . Taylor walked . Robles flied out to center . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Marlins 14 .	Anderson 's 3 HRs help Marlins earn split against Nats , 14 - 3