Marlins - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Nationals . Ramirez hit by pitch . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez to second . Cabrera walked , Ramirez to third , Uggla to second . Jacobs safe at first on error by first baseman Young , Ramirez and Uggla scored , Cabrera to second . Willingham singled to left , Cabrera to third , Jacobs to second . Borchard struck out looking . Olivo singled to center , Cabrera and Jacobs scored , Willingham to second . De Aza grounded into double play , second to first , Olivo out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Casto flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez out at second . Kearns lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Olsen doubled to deep right . Ramirez sacrificed to pitcher , Olsen to third . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left , Olsen scored . Jacobs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Young struck out swinging . Schneider grounded out to second . Church flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hill pitching for Nationals . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Borchard safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Olivo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Borchard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Wilson walked . Hill fouled out to catcher . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hill pitching for Nationals . De Aza lined out to center . Olsen singled to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Olsen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Casto singled to center . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Casto out at second . Kearns lined out to right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hill pitching for Nationals . Uggla flied out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Jacobs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Schneider struck out swinging . Church lined out to right . Belliard hit for Hill . Wilson walked . King pitching for Nationals . Belliard popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . King pitching for Nationals . Willingham singled to left . Borchard struck out swinging . Olivo walked , Willingham to second . De Aza singled to left , Willingham to third , Olivo to second . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Olsen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willingham scored , De Aza out at second , Olivo to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olsen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Lopez walked . Casto walked , Lopez to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Casto out at second , Lopez to third . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Kearns walked , Zimmerman to second . Young walked , Lopez scored , Zimmerman to third , Kearns to second . Schneider hit sacrifice fly to center , Zimmerman scored . Church fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Uggla grounded out to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Jacobs reached on infield single to second . Willingham struck out swinging . Borchard singled to center , Cabrera scored , Jacobs to third . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Snelling hit for Wagner . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Wilson hit by pitch . Snelling singled to right , Wilson to second . Lopez flied out to left . Casto struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to right center , Wilson scored , Snelling to third . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Amezaga hit for Gregg . Rauch pitching for Nationals . De Aza grounded out to second . Amezaga grounded out to first . Owens pitching for Marlins . Ramirez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Owens pitching for Marlins . Young flied out to center . Schneider grounded out to third . Church doubled to deep right center . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Jacobs doubled to deep right center , Cabrera to third . Willingham doubled to deep center , Cabrera and Jacobs scored . Borchard grounded out to pitcher , Willingham to third . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Fick hit for Cordero . Olivo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Fick flied out to left . Lopez flied out to right . Casto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Nationals 3 .	Olsen gives Marlins big spark