Dodgers - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to third . Pierre lined out to shortstop . Garciaparra walked . Kent flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Ramirez popped out to second . Uggla struck out looking . Cabrera lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Martin doubled to left . Ethier grounded out to second , Martin to third . LaRoche intentionally walked . Hendrickson grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Boone flied out to right . Olivo homered to left . Borchard flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Furcal walked . Pierre singled to center , Furcal to second . Garciaparra lined out to center , Furcal to third . Kent singled to left , Furcal scored , Pierre to second . Pierre to third , Kent to second on passed ball by Olivo . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Pierre scored , Kent to third . Martin lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Amezaga singled to right center . Obermueller sacrificed to catcher , Amezaga to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Amezaga to third . Uggla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Ethier singled to left center . LaRoche reached on infield single to second , Ethier to second . Hendrickson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ethier out at third , LaRoche to second . Furcal grounded out to shortstop , LaRoche to third , Hendrickson to second . Pierre struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera lined out to center . Willingham walked . Boone walked , Willingham to second . Olivo flied out to center . Borchard walked , Willingham to third , Boone to second . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Boone out at third , Borchard to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Kent singled to right center . Gonzalez lined out to left . Martin doubled to deep center , Kent scored . Ethier doubled to deep left , Martin scored . LaRoche intentionally walked . Hendrickson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers . Obermueller struck out swinging . Ramirez tripled to deep right , Ramirez scored on error by second baseman Kent . Uggla safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal . Cabrera homered to left , Uggla scored . Willingham grounded out to third . Boone doubled to right . Tsao pitching for Dodgers . Olivo intentionally walked . Borchard doubled to deep right , Boone scored , Olivo thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Pierre grounded out to second . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Willis hit for Lindstrom . Tsao pitching for Dodgers . Amezaga singled to left center . Willis bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Amezaga out at second . Ramirez lined out to center . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Kent flied out to right . Gonzalez flied out to right . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Boone struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Ethier reached on infield single to first , Ethier to second on throwing error by first baseman Boone . Saenz hit for Billingsley . LaRoche grounded out to third , Ethier to third . Ethier scored on Pinto 's wild pitch . Saenz struck out swinging . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Furcal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Olivo flied out to left . Borchard grounded out to second . Owens pitching for Marlins . Amezaga bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Owens pitching for Marlins . Pierre popped out to shortstop . Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Valdez at second base . Reed hit for Owens . Kent fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Reed singled to left . Reed to second on passed ball by Martin . Ramirez struck out swinging . Uggla walked . Cabrera singled to center , Reed scored , Uggla to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Marlins 6 .	Cabrera completes Marlins ' comeback vs. Dodgers