Marlins - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Amezaga doubled to deep left center . Uggla doubled to left , Amezaga scored . Ramirez grounded out to third , Uggla to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Willingham reached on infield single to third , Uggla scored . Hermida grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . DeJesus grounded out to first . Cortez singled to left . Cortez to second on wild pitch by Vanden Hurk . Teahen walked . Sweeney doubled to deep left , Cortez and Teahen scored . Gordon grounded out to second , Sweeney to third . Shealy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Olivo singled to right center . Boone flied out to left . Wood grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Olivo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Buck homered to center . Pena struck out swinging . Gathright bunt grounded out to pitcher . DeJesus flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . Uggla lined out to left . Ramirez doubled to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Cortez singled to right . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cortez out at second . Sweeney flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Willingham struck out swinging . Hermida singled to center . Olivo doubled to left , Hermida to third . Boone reached on infield single to shortstop , Hermida scored , Olivo to third . Wood struck out swinging . Amezaga flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Gordon singled to right . Shealy struck out looking . Buck lined out to center . Gordon stole second . Pena lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Royals . Uggla singled to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to left , Uggla scored . Willingham flied out to right . Hermida singled to left . Olivo doubled to left center , Hermida scored . Boone intentionally walked . Peralta pitching for Royals . Wood singled to left center , Olivo scored , Boone to second . Amezaga struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Gathright struck out swinging . DeJesus struck out swinging . Cortez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Uggla walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla out at second . Cabrera homered to right center , Ramirez scored . Willingham flied out to center . Hermida struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Teahen struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . Gordon safe at first on error by left fielder Willingham . Musser pitching for Royals . Shealy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Musser pitching for Royals . Olivo singled to left . Boone popped out to second . Wood walked , Olivo to second . Olivo stole third . Amezaga struck out swinging . Uggla flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Buck walked . Pena doubled to deep left , Buck scored . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Gathright singled to left , Pena to third , Gathright to second on throwing error by left fielder Willingham . German hit for Cortez . DeJesus singled to right , Pena and Gathright scored . German walked , DeJesus to second . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Teahen lined into double play , second to shortstop , DeJesus doubled off second . German at second base . Sweeney flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Musser pitching for Royals . Ramirez singled to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Willingham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Gordon struck out swinging . Shealy struck out swinging . Buck homered to left . Pena safe at first on error by pitcher Benitez . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Musser pitching for Royals . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . Riske pitching for Royals . Olivo singled to center . Boone lined out to center . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Wood grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . DeJesus tripled to deep right center . German reached on infield single to shortstop , DeJesus scored . Teahen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , German out at second . Sweeney flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Royals 8 .	Cabrera 's homers help Marlins outlast Royals