Marlins - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Amezaga flied out to left . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Owens walked . Iguchi singled to right , Owens to third . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Konerko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Owens scored , Thome out at second , Iguchi to third . Pierzynski singled to right , Iguchi scored . Dye flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Cabrera popped out to first . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop . Hermida grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Mackowiak singled to right . Fields grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mackowiak out at second . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Olivo singled to center . Boone hit by pitch , Olivo to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boone out at second , Olivo to third . Amezaga singled to right , Olivo scored , Carroll to third . Uggla hit sacrifice fly to center , Carroll scored . Amezaga stole second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Owens singled to left . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop , Owens to second . Thome intentionally walked . Owens to third on wild pitch by Johnson . Konerko walked , Thome to second . Pierzynski singled to right , Owens scored , Thome thrown out at home , Konerko to third . Dye singled to left , Konerko scored , Pierzynski to second . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Willingham struck out looking . Hermida flied into double play , right to first , Cabrera doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Fields singled to left . Uribe safe at first on error by right fielder Hermida , Fields to third . Owens safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Johnson , Fields scored , Uribe to third . Iguchi popped out to second . Thome homered to left , Uribe and Owens scored . Konerko struck out swinging . Kim pitching for Marlins . Pierzynski singled to right . Terrero hit for Dye . Owens in left field . Terrero in center field . Mackowiak in right field . Terrero grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Olivo popped out to third . Boone grounded out to shortstop . Carroll singled to center . Amezaga tripled to deep right , Carroll scored . Uggla popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Mackowiak grounded out to first . Fields struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Contreras . Hermida walked , Willingham to second . Olivo struck out swinging . Boone flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Owens grounded out to second . Iguchi walked . Thome struck out swinging . Iguchi stole second . Konerko singled to center , Iguchi scored . Pierzynski flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Carroll walked . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carroll out at second . Uggla doubled to left , Amezaga to third . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher , Amezaga scored , Uggla to third . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right , Uggla scored . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Terrero singled to left . Mackowiak singled to left , Terrero to second . Fields bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Terrero out at third , Mackowiak to second . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Uribe singled to center , Mackowiak scored , Fields to second . Fields picked off second . Owens hit by pitch , Uribe to second . Owens picked off first . Iguchi batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Hermida walked . Olivo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hermida out at second . Boone singled to center . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop , Boone to second . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Amezaga grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Obermueller pitching for Marlins . Iguchi lined out to third . Thome grounded out to second . Masset pitching for White Sox . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Masset pitching for White Sox . Uggla struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham walked , Ramirez to second . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Hermida singled to center , Ramirez scored , Willingham to second . Olivo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - White Sox 10 .	Bats wake up on South Side , ChiSox hook Marlins