Braves - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Marlins . Harris popped out to shortstop . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ramirez grounded out to second . Uggla doubled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Uggla scored . Jacobs lined into double play , right to first , Cabrera doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Marlins . Jones singled to center . McCann grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Hermida walked . Borchard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hermida out at second . Treanor singled to right , Borchard to second . Amezaga grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Treanor out at second , Borchard to third . Kim struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Marlins . Johnson flied out to left . Thorman grounded out to second . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Ramirez struck out looking . Uggla struck out swinging . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Jacobs grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Harris hit by pitch . Harris stole second . Renteria grounded out to third , Harris to third . Jones struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Hermida safe at first on error by first baseman Thorman . Hermida stole second . Borchard grounded out to second , Hermida to third . Hermida caught stealing home , catcher to third to first . Treanor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Kim pitching for Marlins . McCann flied out to left . Francoeur flied out to right . Johnson walked . Johnson stole second . Thorman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Amezaga singled to right . Kim sacrificed to pitcher , Amezaga to second . Ramirez grounded out to second , Amezaga to third . Uggla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Hudson flied out to right . Harris singled to center . Harris stole second . Renteria walked . Jones singled to right , Harris scored , Renteria to second . Jones flied out to center . McCann struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to left . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Jacobs struck out swinging . Hermida grounded out to second , Cabrera to third . Borchard lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Kim pitching for Marlins . Francoeur singled to left . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Saltalamacchia hit for Thorman . Johnson flied out to left . Saltalamacchia fouled out to third . Saltalamacchia at first base . Hudson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Treanor struck out looking . Linden hit for Pinto . Amezaga grounded out to shortstop . Linden doubled to deep center . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Harris walked . Harris stole second . Renteria doubled to deep center , Harris scored . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Renteria to third . Jones stole second . Jones lined out to third . McCann intentionally walked . Francoeur singled to center , Renteria and Jones scored , McCann to third . Johnson doubled to deep left , McCann scored , Francoeur to third . Gardner pitching for Marlins . Diaz hit for Hudson . Saltalamacchia intentionally walked . Diaz singled to left , Francoeur scored , Johnson to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at home , Saltalamacchia to third , Diaz to second . Soriano pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Diaz out at third , Harris to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Uggla homered to left . Cabrera fouled out to right . Jacobs grounded out to pitcher . Miller pitching for Marlins . Hermida grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to second . Jones flied out to center . McCann doubled to right , McCann to third on error by right fielder Hermida . Wickman pitching for Braves . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Willingham hit for Treanor . Wickman pitching for Braves . Borchard doubled to deep left . Willingham doubled to deep center , Borchard scored . Olivo hit for Miller . Amezaga flied out to right . Yates pitching for Braves . Olivo homered to left , Willingham scored . Ramirez struck out swinging . Uggla flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Marlins 5 .	Renteria , Hudson key surging Braves past Marlins