Yankees - Top 1st . Mazza pitching for Red Sox . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Gardner struck out swinging . Judge to second on passed ball by Plawecki , LeMahieu to third on passed ball by Plawecki . Voit walked . Urshela hit sacrifice fly to right , LeMahieu scored . Frazier singled to left center , Judge scored , Voit to second . Tauchman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Yankees . Arroyo struck out swinging . Devers struck out looking . Bogaerts singled to shallow center . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Mazza pitching for Red Sox . Higashioka grounded out to pitcher . Wade walked . Wade caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Yankees . Plawecki grounded out to second . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Dalbec flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Mazza pitching for Red Sox . Judge popped out to first . Gardner doubled to right center . Voit lined into double play , right to second to third , Gardner thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Yankees . Chavis grounded out to third . Puello grounded out to second . Arroyo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Mazza pitching for Red Sox . Urshela popped out to second . Frazier singled to left . Tauchman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Bogaerts . Higashioka reached on infield single to second , Frazier scored , Tauchman to third . Wade grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tauchman scored on error , Higashioka out at second , Wade safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . LeMahieu lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Devers grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts lined out to right . Martinez singled to center . Plawecki popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Araúz at second base . Covey pitching for Red Sox . Judge walked . Judge caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gardner singled to left . Voit singled to left , Gardner scored . Urshela struck out swinging . Frazier homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Voit scored . Tauchman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . Dalbec struck out swinging . Chavis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Covey pitching for Red Sox . Higashioka struck out looking . Wade flied out to left . LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Puello struck out looking . Araúz grounded out to second . Devers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Tapia pitching for Red Sox . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Voit struck out swinging . Urshela singled to left center . Frazier fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher . Martinez flied out to right . Plawecki doubled to deep left center . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Stock pitching for Red Sox . Tauchman struck out swinging . Higashioka struck out swinging . Wade walked . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Dalbec hit ground rule double to deep right . Chavis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dalbec third . Puello struck out swinging . Araúz struck out swinging . Devers grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Stock pitching for Red Sox . Judge lined out to center . Gardner walked . Gardner to second on wild pitch by Stock . Voit reached on infield single to third , Gardner safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Devers . Urshela sacrificed into double play , right to first , Gardner scored , Voit thrown out at first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to left . Plawecki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Red Sox 0 .	Happ , Frazier lift Yanks over Red Sox for 10th straight win