Twins - Top 1st . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Polanco singled to center . Schoop grounded into double play , second to first , Polanco out at second . Cron grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Gordon grounded out to second . Haniger struck out swinging . Vogelbach singled to right . Encarnación flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Rosario grounded out to third . Astudillo popped out to first . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Santana singled to center . Narváez lined out to third . Healy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana out at second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Adrianza fouled out to first . Arraez singled to right . Buxton flied out to left . Polanco singled to right , Arraez to second . Schoop hit by pitch , Polanco to second , Arraez to third . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Smith flied out to center . Gordon grounded out to first . Haniger struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Rosario flied out to left . Astudillo singled to center . Sanó struck out swinging . Adrianza struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Vogelbach popped out to third . Encarnación doubled to left . Santana doubled to deep center , Encarnación scored . Narváez flied out to left . Healy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Arraez walked . Buxton walked , Arraez to second . Polanco reached on bunt single to pitcher , Arraez scored on throwing error by pitcher Kikuchi , Buxton to second , Polanco safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kikuchi , Buxton safe at third on th . Schoop grounded out to pitcher , Buxton scored , Polanco to third . Cron popped out to second . Polanco scored on error by shortstop Crawford , Rosario safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford . Astudillo flied out to right . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Crawford doubled to left . Smith struck out swinging . Gordon lined out to right . Haniger homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Crawford scored . Vogelbach homered to center ( 393 feet ) . Encarnación singled to left . Santana grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Kikuchi pitching for Mariners . Sanó struck out swinging . Adrianza struck out swinging . Luis Arraez grounds out softly , pitcher Yusei Kikuchi to first baseman Edwin Encarnacion .   Luis Arraez out on batter interference . Yusei Kikuchi pitches to Luis Arraez . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Narváez fouled out to first . Healy struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Kyle Gibson pitches to Mallex Smith . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Buxton struck out looking . Polanco struck out swinging . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . May pitching for Twins . Smith grounded out to first . Gordon grounded out to second . Haniger walked . Vogelbach walked , Haniger to second . Encarnación homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Haniger scored and Vogelbach scored . Santana struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Cron struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to right . Astudillo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Morin pitching for Twins . Narváez struck out looking . Healy singled to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Healy out at second . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Elías pitching for Mariners . Sanó grounded out to first . Adrianza singled to left center . Arraez walked , Adrianza to second . Buxton struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center , Adrianza scored , Arraez to second . Schoop flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Mariners 7 .	Encarnacion stars with glove and bat , Mariners top Twins 7 - 4