Royals - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Twins . Merrifield singled to left . Merrifield stole second . Gordon lined out to left . Dozier grounded out to second , Merrifield to third . Soler singled to left center , Merrifield scored . Cuthbert lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Kepler doubled to deep right center . Polanco flied out to center , Kepler to third . Cruz homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Kepler scored . Rosario grounded out to second . Sanó struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Twins . Starling struck out swinging . Arteaga grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Arraez walked . Arraez to second on wild pitch by Sparkman . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Arraez to third . Castro walked . Adrianza hit sacrifice fly to left , Arraez scored . Kepler doubled to left , Castro scored . Polanco struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Twins . Gallagher flied out to center . Merrifield struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Cruz struck out swinging . Rosario grounded out to second . Sanó grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Twins . Dozier homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Soler singled to left . Cuthbert singled to left , Soler to second . Starling sacrificed to pitcher , Cuthbert to second , Soler to third . Soler scored on balk , Cuthbert to third on balk . Arteaga struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Arraez grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Twins . Gallagher homered to left ( 348 feet ) . Merrifield safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Polanco . Gordon lined into double play , third to first , Merrifield doubled off first . Dozier homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Soler grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Adrianza flied out to left . Kepler walked . Polanco singled to right , Kepler to third . Cruz doubled to deep center , Kepler scored , Polanco to third . Rosario singled to deep right , Polanco scored , Cruz to third . Sanó fouled out to first . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Arraez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Thorpe pitching for Twins . Cuthbert doubled to deep center . Starling struck out swinging . Arteaga doubled to left , Cuthbert scored . Arteaga caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to third . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Gonzalez lined out to right . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Adrianza grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Thorpe pitching for Twins . Gallagher grounded out to third . Merrifield doubled to deep right . Gordon flied out to left . May pitching for Twins . Dozier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Kepler walked . Polanco doubled to left , Kepler to third . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Cruz doubled to deep center , Kepler scored and Polanco scored . Rosario singled to deep right , Cruz to third . Sanó singled to center , Cruz scored , Rosario to third . Hill pitching for Royals . Arraez grounded out to first , Rosario scored , Sanó to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Sanó to third . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Sanó scored . Adrianza struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Dyson pitching for Twins . Soler doubled to deep left . Cuthbert singled to right , Soler to third . Starling reached on infield single to third , Soler scored on throwing error by third baseman Sanó and Cuthbert scored on throwing error by third baseman Sanó , Starling safe at second on throwing error . O'Hearn hit for Arteaga . O'Hearn struck out looking . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Starling to third . Gallagher singled to center , Starling scored . Romo pitching for Twins . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop , Gallagher to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Merrifield at second base . Dozier in right field . Cuthbert at third base . O'Hearn at first base . Lopez at shortstop . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Kepler grounded out to third . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Cruz walked . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Romo pitching for Twins . Dozier lined out to shortstop . Soler struck out swinging . Cuthbert lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Twins 11 .	Cruz homers and has 5 RBI ; Twins hold off KC 11 - 9