Twins - Top 1st . Payano pitching for Rangers . Kepler grounded out to second . Sanó struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Pineda pitching for Twins . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Santana lined out to center . Andrus lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Payano pitching for Rangers . Rosario lined out to second . Cron reached on infield single to third . Arraez homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Cron scored . Gonzalez doubled to right center . Castro walked . Cave doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored , Castro to third . Kepler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro scored on throwing error by shortstop Andrus and Cave scored on throwing error by shortstop Andrus , Kepler safe at second on throwing error by . Sanó struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Pineda pitching for Twins . Mazara grounded out to first . Pence walked . Calhoun flied out to left . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Payano pitching for Rangers . Rosario struck out swinging . Cron grounded out to second . Arraez doubled to right . Gonzalez singled to center , Arraez scored . Castro flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Pineda pitching for Twins . Forsythe flied out to center . Trevino struck out swinging . DeShields struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Payano pitching for Rangers . Cave walked . Kepler grounded out to third , Cave to second . Sanó walked . Carpenter pitching for Rangers . Polanco singled to right center , Cave scored , Sanó to third . Rosario walked , Polanco to second . Polanco scored on error by third baseman Forsythe and Sanó scored , Cron safe at first on error by third baseman Forsythe , Rosario safe at third on error by third baseman Forsythe . Arraez flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to right center , Rosario scored , Cron to third . Castro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Santana flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara doubled to right . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Cave struck out swinging . Kepler struck out looking . Sanó homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Polanco flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Calhoun homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Odor singled to center . Forsythe singled to right , Odor to second . Trevino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Odor scored on throwing error by shortstop Polanco , Forsythe out at second . DeShields struck out swinging . Santana singled to center , Trevino to second . Andrus singled to center , Trevino scored , Santana to third . Mazara struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Rosario homered to right ( 364 feet ) . Cron popped out to shortstop . Arraez popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to shallow left . Castro struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Smeltzer pitching for Twins . Pence homered to center ( 439 feet ) . Calhoun singled to shallow right . Odor doubled to deep right center , Odor to third , Calhoun thrown out at home . Forsythe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Odor out at home . Trevino singled to left center , Forsythe to second . DeShields doubled to deep left , Forsythe scored , Trevino to third . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Cave hit by pitch . Kepler flied out to center . Sanó grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cave out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Smeltzer pitching for Twins . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Mazara flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Polanco singled to center . Rosario grounded out to first , Polanco to second . Cron flied out to left . Arraez singled to left center , Polanco scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Smeltzer pitching for Twins . Pence lined out to right . Calhoun flied out to center . Odor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Castro struck out swinging . Cave singled to right . Kepler hit by pitch , Cave to second . Adrianza hit for Sanó . Adrianza grounded out to first , Kepler to second , Cave to third . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Adrianza at third base . Smeltzer pitching for Twins . Forsythe walked . Trevino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Forsythe out at second . DeShields tripled to left . Santana singled to center , DeShields scored . Andrus lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 13 - Rangers 6 .	Twins slug 3 HRs in 13 - 6 win at Texas , keep AL Central lead