Twins - Top 1st . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Kepler grounded out to second . Sanó singled to center . Polanco singled to right , Sanó to third . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanó scored on error by shortstop Andrus , Polanco out at second , Rosario safe at second on error by pitcher Jurado . Garver walked . Arraez singled to center , Rosario scored , Garver to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left center , Arraez scored and Garver scored . Cron homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Cave lined out to left . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Choo singled to right . Santana homered to right ( 415 feet ) , Choo scored . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Mazara struck out swinging . Pence popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Kepler walked . Sanó singled to left , Kepler to second . Polanco singled to center , Sanó to second , Kepler to third . Rosario hit sacrifice fly to center , Kepler scored , Sanó to third . Garver grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanó scored , Polanco out at second . Arraez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Odor walked . Forsythe safe at second on error by third baseman Sanó , Odor safe at third on error by third baseman Sanó . Kiner - Falefa singled to center , Odor scored , Kiner - Falefa to second , Forsythe to third . Trevino struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to shortstop , Forsythe scored , Kiner - Falefa to third . Santana homered to center ( 441 feet ) , Kiner - Falefa scored . Andrus grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Gibaut pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez singled to center . Cron singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Cave struck out looking . Kepler flied out to left . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Mazara grounded out to first . Pence struck out swinging . Odor singled to right . Forsythe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Gibaut pitching for Rangers . Polanco lined out to right . Rosario struck out swinging . Garver grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Trevino lined out to center . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Arraez struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to left . Cron hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Cave singled to left , Cron to second , Gonzalez to third . Kepler singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Cave to second , Cron to third . Sanó struck out swinging . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kepler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Santana grounded out to first . Andrus singled to center . Mazara singled to left , Andrus to second . Pence walked , Mazara to second , Andrus to third . Odor walked , Andrus scored , Pence to second , Mazara to third . Duffey pitching for Twins . Forsythe struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Rosario grounded out to first . Garver flied out to center . Arraez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Harper pitching for Twins . Trevino singled to center . Choo doubled to deep left , Choo to third , Trevino thrown out at home . Santana flied out to left . Andrus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Cron struck out swinging . Cave singled to deep center . Kepler singled to shallow right , Cave to second . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Sanó grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kepler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . May pitching for Twins . Mazara grounded out to catcher . Pence grounded out to third . Odor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Polanco doubled to deep right center . Rosario flied out to left . Garver singled to center , Polanco scored , Garver to second . Arraez popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . May pitching for Twins . Forsythe popped out to first . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Calhoun hit for Trevino . Calhoun fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Mathis catching . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Cron grounded out to shortstop . Cave singled to center . Kepler fouled out to third . Sanó homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Cave scored . Polanco walked . Rosario popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Littell pitching for Twins . Choo singled to right . Santana struck out swinging . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second . Mazara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 12 - Rangers 7 .	Cron 's HR caps 6 - run first as Twins beat Rangers 12 - 7