Twins - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Kepler walked . Polanco singled to right center , Kepler to third . Cruz singled to center , Kepler scored , Polanco to second . Rosario singled to right , Polanco scored , Cruz to second . Sanó grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz scored on error by shortstop Castro , Rosario safe at third on error by shortstop Castro . Arraez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rosario scored , Sanó out at second . Cron grounded into double play , third to second to first , Arraez out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Reyes doubled to right . Castro reached on infield single to second , Reyes to third . Castro struck out swinging . Castro picked off first . Rodríguez doubled to left , Reyes scored . Rodríguez to third on wild pitch by Gibson . Lugo singled to center , Rodríguez scored . Mercer reached on infield single to pitcher , Lugo to second . Demeritte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercer out at second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Castro walked . Cave grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at second . Kepler doubled to deep center , Cave scored . Polanco singled to center , Kepler to third . Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center , Kepler scored . Rosario struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Hicks doubled to deep left center . Rogers hit ground rule double to deep left , Hicks scored . Reyes singled to left , Rogers to third . Castro struck out swinging . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Sanó grounded out to shortstop . Arraez reached on infield single to second . Cron doubled to center , Arraez to third . Castro walked . Hall pitching for Tigers . Cave grounded out to third , Arraez scored , Castro to second , Cron to third . Cron scored , Castro to third on passed ball by Rogers . Kepler popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Mercer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Hall pitching for Tigers . Polanco reached on infield single to second . Cruz singled to right , Polanco to third . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco scored , Cruz out at second . Sanó struck out swinging . Arraez walked , Rosario to second . Cron homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Rosario scored and Arraez scored . Castro struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Demeritte struck out swinging . Hicks homered to right ( 351 feet ) . Rogers grounded out to third . Reyes flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Cave lined out to shortstop . Kepler flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Castro singled to right . Castro fouled out to catcher . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Cruz singled to right . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . Sanó struck out swinging . Arraez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Mercer struck out swinging . Demeritte struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Cron flied out to left . Castro struck out swinging . Cave struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Kepler in right field . Adrianza at shortstop . Cave in center field . May pitching for Twins . Rogers struck out swinging . Reyes struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . McKay pitching for Tigers . Kepler doubled to deep right center . Adrianza flied out to left . Cruz flied out to right . Rosario singled to right , Kepler scored . Schoop hit for Sanó . Schoop singled to right center , Rosario to third . Schoop to second on wild pitch by McKay . Arraez lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Schoop at second base . Arraez at third base . Dyson pitching for Twins . Castro grounded out to first . Rodríguez homered to right ( 379 feet ) . Lugo grounded out to third . Mercer struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . McKay pitching for Tigers . Cron lined out to center . Castro walked . Cave struck out swinging . Kepler lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Twins . Demeritte singled to right . Hicks popped out to shortstop . Rogers grounded out to shortstop , Demeritte to second . Demeritte to third on wild pitch by Romo . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 13 - Tigers 5 .	Cron 's three - run homer helps Twins beat Tigers 13 - 5