Padres - Top 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Jankowski struck out looking . Myers grounded out to third . Solarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Cosart pitching for Padres . Realmuto grounded out to third . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Yelich walked . Ozuna doubled to deep right , Yelich scored . Scruggs grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Dickerson walked . Schimpf struck out looking . Bethancourt flied out to center . Kivlehan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Cosart pitching for Padres . Francoeur flied out to right . Andino reached on infield single to third . Hechavarría singled to left , Andino to second . Phelps bunted into double play , first to third to second , Andino out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Sardiñas walked . Cosart grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sardiñas out at second . Jankowski struck out swinging . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Cosart pitching for Padres . Realmuto safe at first on error by second baseman Schimpf . Prado singled to right , Realmuto to third . Yelich grounded out to second , Realmuto scored , Prado to second . Ozuna struck out looking . Scruggs grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Solarte doubled to deep right . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Solarte out at third . Schimpf walked , Dickerson to second . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Kivlehan hit by pitch , Dickerson to third , Schimpf to second . Sardiñas doubled to deep right center , Dickerson , Schimpf and Kivlehan scored . Cosart safe at first on error by pitcher Phelps , Sardiñas scored . Cervenka pitching for Marlins . Jankowski singled to center , Cosart to second . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Johnson at first base . Myers struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Cosart pitching for Padres . Francoeur singled to center . Andino struck out swinging . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Solarte grounded out to pitcher . Dickerson lined out to left . Schimpf homered to right ( 417 feet ) . Bethancourt fouled out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Cosart pitching for Padres . Realmuto flied out to center . Prado walked . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Prado out at second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Kivlehan struck out swinging . Sardiñas homered to left ( 371 feet ) . Ramírez hit for Cosart . Ramírez singled to left . Jankowski bunt popped out to pitcher . Ramírez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Myers batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Gordon hit for Dunn . Gordon lined out to center . Francoeur walked . Andino flied out to right . Hechavarría flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Gordon at second base . Andino at shortstop . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Myers grounded out to pitcher . Solarte walked . Solarte to second on wild pitch by McGowan . Dickerson struck out swinging . Schimpf intentionally walked . Bethancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Domínguez pitching for Padres . Johnson grounded out to second . Realmuto hit ground rule double to deep center . Prado struck out looking . Yelich walked . Ozuna singled to right , Realmuto scored , Yelich to third , Ozuna to second on error by right fielder Kivlehan . Hand pitching for Padres . Rosales at second base . Gordon struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Kivlehan struck out swinging . Sardiñas lined out to right . Rosales walked . Jankowski grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hand pitching for Padres . Francoeur singled to left . Andino singled to left , Francoeur to second . Rojas hit for McGowan . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francoeur out at third , Andino to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Realmuto walked , Andino to third , Rojas to second . Myers in right field . Wallace at first base . Maurer pitching for Padres . Prado singled to center , Andino and Rojas scored , Realmuto to third . Yelich singled to center , Realmuto scored , Prado to third . Ozuna lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . Rojas at shortstop . Myers struck out swinging . Solarte popped out to shortstop . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Gordon flied out to right . Francoeur reached on infield single to third . Suzuki hit for Rodney . Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Maurer . Suzuki walked . Rojas struck out looking . Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right , Francoeur scored , Suzuki to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Marlins 7 .	Johnson 's RBI double in 9th lifts Marlins past Padres , 7 - 6