Cubs - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Barney grounded out to third . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Russell pitching for Cubs . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Pedroia singled to shallow left . Gonzalez singled to shallow left , Pedroia to second . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez flied out to right . Pena grounded out to first . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Russell pitching for Cubs . Lowrie reached on infield single to shortstop . Cameron grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lowrie out at second . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Soriano singled to center . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soriano out at second . Johnson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Russell pitching for Cubs . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Fukudome bunt grounded out to second . Barney flied out to center . Castro fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Gonzalez singled to left . Youkilis walked , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Youkilis to second . Lowrie hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Youkilis to third . Cameron hit sacrifice fly to center , Youkilis scored . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded out to third . Pena flied out to left . Baker struck out swinging , Baker safe at first on wild pitch by Wakefield . Soriano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Saltalamacchia homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop . Berg pitching for Cubs . Ellsbury caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Youkilis flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Castillo singled to center . Castillo to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Johnson grounded out to third . Fukudome grounded out to first , Castillo to third . Barney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Ortiz doubled to deep left . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Cameron struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Castro doubled to left . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Pena flied out to right , Castro to third . Baker doubled to deep left center , Castro scored . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Campana ran for Baker . Soriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Campana in left field . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Saltalamacchia fouled out to first . Ellsbury flied out to right . Pedroia reached on infield single to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop , Pedroia to second . Wood pitching for Cubs . Youkilis tripled to deep center , Pedroia and Gonzalez scored . Ortiz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Castillo flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to third . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Lowrie hit by pitch . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowrie out at second . Crawford reached first base on catcher 's interference , Cameron to second . Crawford batting . Maine pitching for Cubs . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Barney grounded out to third . Castro struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to center . Ramirez to third on fielder 's indifference . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 1 - Red Sox 5 .	Red Sox dump Cubs , win 8th in last 9