Mets - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Reyes lined out to center . Thole walked . Beltran lined out to center . Bay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Mets . Fukudome grounded out to third . Barney singled to center . Castro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Barney . Pridie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Turner out at second , Murphy to third . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Pena grounded out to first . DeWitt grounded out to second . Soriano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Dickey grounded out to second . Reyes doubled to right , Reyes to third on throwing error by right fielder Fukudome . J Reyes scored on throwing error by second baseman Barney . Thole struck out swinging . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Campana reached on infield single to shortstop . Campana picked off first . Hill struck out looking . Zambrano singled to right . Fukudome reached on infield single to second , Zambrano to second . Beato pitching for Mets . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zambrano out at third , Fukudome to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Bay reached on infield single to third . Murphy flied out to right . Turner grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Beato pitching for Mets . Castro walked . Pena homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Castro scored . DeWitt lined out to right . Soriano reached on infield single to shortstop . Campana singled to center , Soriano to second , Soriano to third , Campana to second on error by center fielder Pridie . Hill grounded out to second , Soriano scored , Campana to third . Zambrano singled to right , Campana scored . Fukudome walked , Zambrano to second . Barney grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Pridie tripled to deep center . Tejada popped out to shortstop . Martinez hit for Beato . Martinez struck out swinging . Reyes walked . Thole singled to left center , Pridie scored , Reyes to third . Beltran struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Misch pitching for Mets . Castro struck out swinging . Pena walked . DeWitt singled to center , Pena to third , DeWitt to second advancing on throw . Soriano doubled to left , Pena and DeWitt scored . Campana grounded out to first , Soriano to third . Hill fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Murphy singled to right . Turner struck out looking . Pridie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Misch pitching for Mets . Zambrano doubled to deep center . Fukudome reached on infield single to second , Zambrano to third . Buchholz pitching for Mets . Barney hit sacrifice fly to center , Zambrano scored . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fukudome out at second . Byrdak pitching for Mets . Hairston in center field . Pena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Tejada grounded out to third . Hairston doubled to left . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Paulino hit for Thole . Paulino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Paulino catching . Byrdak pitching for Mets . DeWitt doubled to deep right . Soriano struck out swinging . Campana singled to right , DeWitt to third . Hill struck out swinging . Montanez hit for Marshall . DeWitt scored , Campana to second on wild pitch by Byrdak . Montanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Montanez in left field . Beltran flied out to right . Bay walked . Murphy doubled to deep right , Bay to third . Turner grounded out to second , Bay scored , Murphy to third . Harris hit for Byrdak . Harris struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Isringhausen pitching for Mets . Fukudome homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Barney singled to right . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Barney to second , Barney to third on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Pena popped out to third . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . DeWitt fouled out to third . Coleman hit for Wood . Coleman flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Tejada walked . Hairston popped out to second . Reyes singled to center , Tejada to second . Paulino struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Cubs 9 .	Big Z 's arm , bat power Cubs vs. Mets