Astros - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Cubs . Bourn singled to deep center . Barmes struck out swinging . Pence doubled to deep right center , Bourn scored . Lee flied out to right , Pence to third . Keppinger doubled to center , Pence scored . Wallace grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Fukudome flied out to center . Barney tripled to deep center . Castro singled to left , Barney scored . Castro stole second . Ramirez flied out to center , Castro to third . Pena homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Castro scored . Soriano grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . DeWitt in left field . Lopez pitching for Cubs . Johnson lined out to shortstop . Towles struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Campana reached on infield single to second . Campana stole second . Soto struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . Fukudome walked . Campana stole third , Campana scored , Fukudome safe at second on throwing error by catcher Towles . Barney struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Cubs . Bourn singled to left . Barmes popped out to second . Bourn stole second , Bourn safe at third on throwing error by catcher Soto . Pence lined out to right . Lee singled to right center , Bourn scored . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Castro grounded out to second . Ramirez singled to center . Pena flied out to right . DeWitt tripled to deep right center , Ramirez scored . Campana walked . Campana stole second . Soto struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Cubs . Wallace struck out looking . Johnson struck out swinging . Towles popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Lopez grounded out to second . Fukudome singled to right center . Barney fouled out to first . Castro safe at third on error by right fielder Pence , Fukudome scored . Ramirez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Hall hit for Rodriguez . Lopez pitching for Cubs . Hall fouled out to third . Bourn tripled to deep center . Barmes homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Bourn scored . Pence homered to left center ( 417 feet ) . Lee flied out to right . Keppinger singled to right . Wallace reached on infield single to first , Keppinger to second . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Escalona pitching for Astros . Pena struck out looking . DeWitt singled to center . Campana bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeWitt out at second . Soto walked , Campana to second . Campana stole third . Samardzija grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Towles homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Downs hit for Escalona . Downs flied out to center . Bourn bunt grounded out to third . Barmes struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Fukudome struck out swinging . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Pence singled to left . Pence to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Lee walked . Pence to third , Lee to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Keppinger fouled out to second . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Wallace safe at first on error by shortstop Castro , Pence scored , Lee advanced to third on Castro error , Lee tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Johnson singled to left , Wallace to second , Wallace scored , Johnson to second on error by left fielder DeWitt . Towles grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Ramirez grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to first . DeWitt singled to center . Campana flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Michaels hit for Del Rosario . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Michaels flied out to right . Bourn grounded out to second . Barmes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Astros . Soto hit by pitch . LeMahieu hit for Grabow . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soto out at second . Fukudome walked . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fukudome out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Maine pitching for Cubs . Pence walked . Lee doubled to deep right , Pence to third . Keppinger homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Pence and Lee scored . Wallace grounded out to shortstop . Johnson reached on infield single to third . Towles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson safe at third on error by second baseman Barney . Sanchez hit for Lopez . Sanchez grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Towles out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Melancon pitching for Astros . Castro doubled to deep right . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Castro to third . Pena grounded out to first , Castro scored . DeWitt grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 12 - Cubs 7 .	Astros use 4 HRs to rally by Cubs , snap slide