Yankees - Top 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Granderson walked . Teixeira singled to right , Granderson to second . Rodriguez walked , Granderson to third , Teixeira to second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Castro singled to right . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop , Castro to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Martin walked . Nunez grounded out to shortstop , Martin to second . Burnett struck out looking . Gardner popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Pena struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Granderson singled to right center . Teixeira grounded out to first , Granderson to second . Rodriguez singled to left , Granderson to third . Cano doubled to right , Granderson scored , Rodriguez to third . Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center , Rodriguez scored , Cano to third . Martin walked . Martin stole second . Nunez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Soto walked . Dempster struck out swinging . Soto to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Fukudome struck out looking . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Burnett struck out swinging . Gardner struck out looking . Granderson singled to center . Granderson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Teixeira batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . DeWitt walked . Ramirez struck out looking . Pena homered to right ( 386 feet ) , DeWitt scored . Johnson struck out swinging . Soriano reached on infield single to second . Soto struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Teixeira grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to left center , Rodriguez out stretching at second . Cano walked . Swisher walked , Cano to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Dempster grounded out to third . Fukudome walked . Castro singled to center , Fukudome to second . DeWitt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Nunez singled to center . Burnett sacrificed to first , Nunez to second . Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop , Nunez to third . Russell pitching for Cubs . Granderson hit sacrifice fly to right , Nunez scored . Gardner caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to first to second to catcher to shortstop . Teixeira batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ramirez grounded out to third . Pena hit by pitch . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena safe at second on error by shortstop Nunez . Wade pitching for Yankees . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pena to third , Johnson safe at second on error by second baseman Cano . Soto flied out to left , Pena thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cubs . Teixeira flied out to right . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Cano walked . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Campana hit for Carpenter . Campana flied out to center . Fukudome grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Martin singled to left . Nunez sacrificed to first , Martin to second . Posada hit for Noesi . Posada walked . Gardner walked , Martin to third , Posada to second . Granderson flied out to left . Teixeira popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . DeWitt struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano doubled to deep center . Swisher walked . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Baker at first base . Martin fouled out to first . Nunez doubled to center , Cano scored , Swisher thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Dickerson in right field . Johnson homered to left center ( 378 feet ) . Soriano singled to center . Montanez ran for Soriano . Soto grounded into double play , second to first , Montanez out at second . Baker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Cubs 3 .	Yanks edge Cubs as rally falls short despite HR