Cubs - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Fukudome singled to left . Castro flied out to center . Ramirez hit by pitch , Fukudome to second . Pena struck out swinging . Soto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Cubs . Bernadina grounded out to second . Espinosa singled to right . Espinosa stole second . Zimmerman walked . Morse struck out swinging . Werth struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Byrd lined out to center . Soriano popped out to second . Barney reached on infield single to shortstop . Garza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Ankiel fouled out to first . Ramos struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Fukudome grounded out to first . Castro lined out to first . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Hernandez singled to center . Bernadina doubled to right , Hernandez to third . Espinosa singled to right center , Hernandez and Bernadina scored . Zimmerman reached on infield single to pitcher , Espinosa to second , Espinosa to third , Zimmerman to second on throwing error by pitcher Garza . Morse singled to center , Espinosa scored , Zimmerman to third . Werth reached on infield single to second , Zimmerman scored , Morse to second . Ankiel safe at first on error by first baseman Pena , Morse to third , Werth to second . Ramos doubled to deep right , Morse and Werth scored , Ankiel to third . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Desmond struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to third . Bernadina singled to left , Ankiel scored , Ramos to third . Espinosa flied out to right . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Byrd singled to center . Soriano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman safe at second on error by right fielder Fukudome . Morse struck out swinging . Werth flied out to left . Ankiel doubled to deep right , Zimmerman scored . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Baker hit for Samardzija . Baker singled to center , Baker out stretching at second . Fukudome popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Desmond singled to left . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Desmond to second . Bernadina popped out to shortstop . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Castro grounded out to second . Ramirez singled to left . Pena struck out swinging . Soto singled to center , Ramirez to second . Byrd singled to right center , Ramirez to third , Soto to second . Soriano singled to left , Ramirez scored , Soto to third , Byrd to second . Barney doubled to deep center , Soto and Byrd scored , Soriano to third . DeWitt hit for Russell . DeWitt homered to right ( 359 feet ) , Soriano and Barney scored . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Fukudome lined out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Grabow pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Morse grounded out to third . Werth walked . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Castro lined out to left . Ramirez walked . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Pena homered to right ( 389 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Soto walked . Soto to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Byrd struck out swinging . Soriano intentionally walked . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soriano out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Johnson in left field . Ramos struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bixler hit for Burnett . Bixler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out looking . Fukudome grounded out to second . Castro doubled to deep right center . Ramirez singled to right , Castro scored . Pena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Bernadina singled to center . Espinosa struck out swinging . Bernadina stole second . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Bernadina to third . Morse singled to center , Bernadina scored . Werth grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Soto reached on infield single to shortstop . Byrd bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Soto out at second . Campana hit for Marshall . Campana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Byrd out at second . Campana stole second . Barney doubled to deep right , Campana scored . Johnson flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Campana in left field . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Ankiel hit by pitch . Ramos sacrificed to first , Ankiel to second . Stairs hit for Desmond . Ankiel to third on wild pitch by Marmol . Stairs fouled out to third . Nix hit for Rodriguez . Nix walked . Cora ran for Nix . Cora stole second . Bernadina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 10 - Nationals 9 .	Down 8 - 0 , Cubs rally , stun Nats