Yankees - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Johnson flied out to center. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Cano flied out to center. Posada homered to right (351 feet). Granderson homered to right center (455 feet). Swisher singled to right. Gardner singled to left, Swisher to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gardner out at second, Swisher to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Youkilis doubled to deep left center. Ortiz grounded out to first, Youkilis to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to center, Youkilis scored. Drew struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Johnson walked. Teixeira flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Cameron walked. Scutaro lined into double play, third to first, Cameron out at first. Ellsbury grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Cano doubled to deep left. Posada grounded out to second, Cano to third. Granderson grounded out to first. Swisher walked. Gardner singled to left center, Cano scored, Swisher to second. Jeter singled to center, Swisher scored, Gardner to third. Gardner stole home, Jeter stole second. Johnson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pedroia grounded out to first. Martinez grounded out to third. Youkilis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira flied out to center. Rodriguez popped out to second. Cano singled to deep right. Posada walked, Cano to second. Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox. Cano to third, Posada to second on wild pitch by Schoeneweis. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Ortiz popped out to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Drew singled to left. Cameron singled to left, Drew to second. Scutaro singled to left, Drew scored, Cameron to second, Cameron to third, Scutaro to second on throwing error by left fielder Gardner. Ellsbury struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for Red Sox. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Gardner flied out to center. Ramon Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Jeter singled to center. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Pedroia walked. Martinez doubled to deep left, Pedroia to third. Youkilis tripled to deep right, Pedroia and Martinez scored. Ortiz grounded out to second. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Beltre singled to right center, Youkilis scored. Drew grounded out to first, Beltre to second. Cameron grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Teixeira to third. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Cano grounded out to second, Teixeira scored, Rodriguez to third. Posada singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Granderson walked, Posada to second. Swisher grounded into double play, third to second to first, Granderson out at second, Posada to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Park pitching for Yankees. Scutaro singled to center. Ellsbury struck out looking. Pedroia homered to left (342 feet), Scutaro scored. Martinez grounded out to second. Youkilis doubled to deep left center. Marte pitching for Yankees. Youkilis to third on wild pitch by Marte. Youkilis scored on Posada's passed ball. Ortiz walked. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ortiz out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Gardner grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to first. Johnson walked. Winn ran for Johnson. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Winn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Drew grounded out to third. Cameron singled to center. Scutaro walked, Cameron to second. Ellsbury flied out to center. Pedroia singled to right, Cameron scored, Scutaro to third. Martinez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano flied out to left. Posada singled to center. Granderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Red Sox 9.	Red Sox rally to tip Yanks in opener