Angels - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Aybar singled to right. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter flied out to center. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded out to third. Johnson homered to right (421 feet). Teixeira struck out looking. Rodriguez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Morales singled to right center. Rivera grounded out to shortstop, Morales to second. Kendrick walked. Mathis flied out to right. Wood flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Cano doubled to deep center. Cano to third on wild pitch by Santana. Posada walked. Granderson struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Aybar struck out looking. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter walked. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Jeter homered to right center (409 feet). Johnson walked. Teixeira grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Rodriguez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Morales struck out swinging. Rivera flied out to center. Kendrick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Cano singled to center. Posada grounded out to first, Cano to second. Granderson singled to center, Cano to third. Granderson stole second. Swisher walked. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano out at home, Granderson to third, Swisher to second. Jeter reached on infield single to third, Granderson scored, Swisher to third, Gardner to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Mathis singled to left. Wood walked, Mathis to second. Aybar grounded out to third, Mathis to third, Wood to second. Abreu popped out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Teixeira grounded out to first. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano flied out to right. Posada singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Granderson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded out to second. Morales singled to center. Rivera singled to left, Morales to third. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Swisher walked. Gardner struck out swinging. Jeter struck out swinging. Johnson walked, Swisher to second. Swisher to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Bulger. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Swisher and Johnson scored, Teixeira to second. Cano popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Ho Park pitching for Yankees. Mathis grounded out to third. Wood lined out to right. Aybar singled to right. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Stokes pitching for Angels. Posada doubled to deep center. Granderson flied out to center. Swisher walked. Gardner walked, Posada to third, Swisher to second. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Ho Park pitching for Yankees. Hunter struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to second. Morales homered to right (384 feet). Rivera fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Cassevah pitching for Angels. Johnson doubled to deep right center. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Teixeira out at second, Johnson to third. Posada doubled to left center, Johnson scored, Cano to third. Granderson singled to right, Cano scored, Posada thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop. Mathis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kendrick to second. Wood singled to deep right, Kendrick to third, Mathis to second. Aybar struck out looking. Abreu homered to right (390 feet), Kendrick, Mathis and Wood scored. Hunter struck out swinging. Matsui popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Yankees 7.	Yanks get Series rings, victory