Rangers - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Borbon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Young reached on infield single to third. Hamilton lined out to left. Young stole second. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Johnson walked. Teixeira struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to left, Johnson to second. Cano grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Cruz struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. Arias grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Posada singled to right center. Granderson flied out to center. Swisher struck out looking. Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher, Posada to second. Jeter singled to right, Posada to third, Gardner to second. Johnson walked, Posada scored, Gardner to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira reached on infield single to second, Gardner scored, Jeter to third, Johnson to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Teagarden walked. Andrus struck out looking. Teagarden to second on wild pitch by Burnett. Borbon grounded out to second, Teagarden to third. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Cano grounded out to second. Posada singled to left center. Granderson doubled to left, Posada to third. Swisher flied out to left. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop, Posada scored, Granderson to third. Jeter homered to left (403 feet), Gardner scored. Johnson struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Hamilton grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to third. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Teixeira popped out to third. Rodriguez homered to right center (387 feet). Cano grounded out to pitcher. Posada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Davis doubled to deep left. Arias singled to center, Davis to third. Teagarden struck out swinging. Andrus walked, Arias to second. Borbon popped out to first. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Granderson reached on infield single to shortstop. Swisher lined out to left. Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher, Granderson to second. Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop, Granderson to third, Gardner to second. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Hamilton flied out to left. Guerrero singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Davis singled to center, Guerrero to third. Arias fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Teixeira flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Teagarden struck out looking. Andrus singled to center. Borbon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Ray pitching for Rangers. Posada flied out to left. Granderson flied out to right. Swisher grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Young singled to center. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second. Guerrero walked, Hamilton to second. Cruz homered to right center (386 feet), Hamilton and Guerrero scored. Davis struck out looking. Arias lined out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. Pena flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Murphy grounded out to first. Andrus struck out swinging. Borbon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Yankees 7.	Yankees win fourth series \n\n