Yankees - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Jeter grounded out to third. Gardner singled to center. Teixeira grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Cano singled to right. Swisher doubled to deep right center, Cano scored. Granderson flied out to left. Pena popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Matsui singled to right center. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matsui out at second. Rivera lined out to third. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Cervelli grounded out to third. Jeter singled to center. Gardner popped out to shortstop. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Napoli singled to left. Wood singled to left, Napoli thrown out at third. Aybar lined out to second. Abreu singled to left, Wood to second. Hunter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Swisher sacrificed to pitcher, Rodriguez to third, Cano to second. Granderson intentionally walked. Pena struck out swinging. Cervelli singled to left, Rodriguez and Cano scored, Granderson to second. Jeter singled to center, Granderson scored, Cervelli to second, Cervelli thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded out to first. Morales singled to right. Rivera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Gardner tripled to deep right. Teixeira grounded out to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano singled to right, Gardner scored. Cano to second on wild pitch by Pineiro. Cano to third on passed ball by Napoli. Swisher singled to center, Cano scored. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Swisher out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Kendrick struck out swinging. Napoli struck out swinging. Wood struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Angels. Pena grounded out to second. Cervelli grounded out to third. Jeter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Aybar doubled to left. Abreu flied out to right, Aybar to third. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right, Aybar scored. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Gardner singled to center. Gardner stole second. Teixeira doubled to right center, Gardner scored. Rodriguez struck out looking. Cano grounded out to pitcher. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out looking. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Stokes pitching for Angels. Granderson walked. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to second, Granderson out at second. Cervelli walked, Pena to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at third, Cervelli to second. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Napoli struck out looking. Wood grounded out to third. Aybar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Stokes pitching for Angels. Teixeira flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Cano singled to left. Swisher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Marte pitching for Yankees. Abreu flied out to right. Hunter popped out to second. Matsui singled to center. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Quinlan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Angels 1.	Pettitte solid for Yanks