Yankees - Top 1st. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter walked. Jeter to second on wild pitch by Willis. Swisher singled to center, Jeter scored. Swisher caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second to first to shortstop. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez walked, Teixeira to second. Cano struck out swinging. Teixeira caught stealing third, catcher to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Johnson walked. Drew singled to right, Johnson to second. Upton singled to right, Johnson thrown out at home, Upton to second, Drew to second, Drew to third advancing on throw. Montero walked. Young struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to right, Drew and Upton scored, Montero thrown out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli bunt grounded out to catcher. Granderson lined out to center. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Reynolds grounded out to first. Parra flied out to left. Willis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Vazquez walked. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vazquez out at second. Swisher walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira walked, Jeter to third, Swisher to second. Rodriguez walked, Jeter scored, Swisher to third, Teixeira to second. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Cano grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Johnson flied out to center. Drew grounded out to first. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli struck out looking. Granderson doubled to deep center. Gardner grounded out to shortstop, Granderson to third. Vazquez walked. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Montero singled to left. Young doubled to left, Montero to third. LaRoche singled to right, Montero and Young scored. Reynolds fouled out to catcher. Parra lined out to right. Boyer flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to right. Rodriguez walked, Teixeira to second. Cano flied into double play, left to second to first, Rodriguez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to first. Drew fouled out to third. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli doubled to left. Granderson singled to center, Cervelli to third. Granderson stole second. Gardner grounded out to second, Cervelli scored, Granderson to third. Curtis hit for Vazquez. Curtis singled to shallow right, Granderson scored. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Curtis out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Marte pitching for Yankees. Montero lined out to shortstop. Young walked. Young to second on balk by Marte. Young to third on wild pitch by Marte. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher, Young scored. Reynolds walked. Parra grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Swisher struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Abreu hit for Demel. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Cano singled to left. Cervelli flied out to right. Granderson struck out swinging. Gardner singled to center, Cano to third. Posada hit for Robertson. Posada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Upton struck out swinging. Montero singled to center. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at second. Young stole second. LaRoche intentionally walked. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter walked. Swisher walked, Jeter to second. Russo ran for Swisher. Teixeira grounded out to first, Jeter to third, Russo to second. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Jeter scored. Cano intentionally walked. Cervelli struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Huffman in right field. Parra grounded out to second. Ryal hit for Heilman. Ryal struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 10th. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Granderson homered to right (396 feet). Gardner reached on infield single to first. Gardner stole second. Huffman walked. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huffman out at second, Gardner to third. Rivera grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Drew singled to right. Upton doubled to deep left, Drew to third. Montero intentionally walked. Young fouled out to catcher. LaRoche popped out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Diamondbacks 5.	Yanks, Rivera survive D-backs jam in 10th