Royals - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Podsednik struck out looking. Kendall singled to right center. DeJesus flied out to right. Butler singled to center, Kendall to third. Guillen doubled to left, Kendall scored, Butler to third. Betemit singled to left, Butler scored, Guillen to third, Betemit out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Jeter reached on infield single to second. Swisher flied out to left. Teixeira doubled to deep left, Jeter to third. Rodriguez hit ground rule double to right, Jeter and Teixeira scored. Cano grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez to third. Posada grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Aviles singled to right. Bloomquist singled to left, Aviles to second. Betancourt flied out to center. Podsednik singled to center, Aviles scored, Bloomquist to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Bloomquist stole third, Podsednik stole second. DeJesus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Thames struck out swinging. Granderson struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. Jeter inside-the-park home run to deep center. Ankiel in center field. Swisher grounded out to third. Teixeira singled to left, Teixeira to second on error by left fielder Podsednik. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano walked. Posada walked, Teixeira to third, Cano to second. Thames lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Aviles doubled to deep right. Bloomquist sacrificed to pitcher, Aviles to third. Betancourt popped out to second. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. Granderson singled to center. Gardner popped out to shortstop. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson out at second. Swisher singled to left, Jeter to second. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Kendall flied out to right. Ankiel struck out swinging. Butler singled to left. Guillen walked, Butler to second. Betemit singled to left, Butler thrown out at home, Guillen to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Chen pitching for Royals. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano singled to right. Posada doubled to left, Cano scored. Posada to third on wild pitch by Chen. Thames hit sacrifice fly to left, Posada scored. Granderson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Aviles popped out to first. Bloomquist doubled to deep center. Bloomquist to third on balk by Sabathia. Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Sabathia. Betancourt struck out swinging, Betancourt to second on throwing error by Posada. Wild pitch by CC Sabathia, Bloomquist scored. Podsednik struck out swinging. Kendall intentionally walked. Ankiel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Chen pitching for Royals. Gardner bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jeter struck out looking. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Butler struck out swinging. Guillen walked. Betemit walked, Guillen to second. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Aviles popped out to first. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Teixeira popped out to third. Rodriguez homered to right (357 feet). Cano grounded out to second. Posada grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Betancourt flied out to right. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendall reached on infield single to third, Podsednik to second. Ankiel struck out swinging, Podsednik stole third, Kendall stole second. Butler walked. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Thames singled to center. Curtis ran for Thames. Granderson sacrificed to pitcher, Curtis to second. Gardner walked. Wood pitching for Royals. Jeter lined out to right. Swisher doubled to deep left, Curtis and Gardner scored. Teixeira singled to right, Swisher scored. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Teixeira scored. Pena ran for Rodriguez. Cano grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Pena at third base. Park pitching for Yankees. Betemit grounded out to second. Aviles flied out to center. Bloomquist singled to center. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Betancourt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Yankees 10.	A-Rod hits HR No. 599 as Sabathia, Yanks win