Yankees - Top 1st. Talbot pitching for Indians. Jeter flied out to right. Granderson struck out looking. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Crowe doubled to deep right. Cabrera hit by pitch. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crowe out at third, Cabrera to second. Santana walked, Cabrera to third, Choo to second. Kearns hit sacrifice fly to right, Cabrera scored, Choo to third. Santana stole second. LaPorta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Rodriguez walked. Cano walked, Rodriguez to second. Swisher flied out to left. Gardner walked, Rodriguez to third, Cano to second. Cervelli grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Nix struck out swinging. Duncan walked. Valbuena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Duncan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Curtis singled to center. Jeter walked, Curtis to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Granderson sacrificed to third, Curtis to third, Jeter to second. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center, Curtis scored, Jeter to third. Cano lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Crowe grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to second. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Indians. Swisher safe at first on error by third baseman Nix. Gardner reached on bunt single to pitcher, Swisher to second. Cervelli flied out to center. Curtis struck out swinging. Jeter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Santana grounded out to first. Kearns singled to center. LaPorta struck out swinging. Nix grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Granderson doubled to shallow center. Teixeira walked. Rodriguez lined out to right, Granderson to third. Cano grounded out to first, Teixeira to second. Swisher flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Duncan struck out swinging. Valbuena flied out to center. Crowe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Gardner walked. Cervelli grounded out to third, Gardner to second. Sipp pitching for Indians. Gardner stole third. Curtis flied out to right. Jeter singled to center, Gardner scored. Granderson fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Moseley pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to left center. Choo reached on infield single to second, Cabrera hit by batted ball out at second. Santana lined into double play, second to first, Choo doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Teixeira flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano homered to right (367 feet). Swisher walked. Gardner walked, Swisher to second. Smith pitching for Indians. Cervelli singled to right center, Swisher scored, Gardner to third. Curtis hit by pitch, Cervelli to second. Jeter walked, Gardner scored, Cervelli to third, Curtis to second. Granderson singled to right, Cervelli and Curtis scored, Jeter to third. Teixeira walked, Granderson to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Jeter and Granderson scored, Teixeira to second. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Kearns struck out looking. LaPorta grounded out to second. Nix struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Gimenez catching. Todd pitching for Indians. Swisher doubled to right. Thames hit for Gardner. Thames struck out swinging. Cervelli struck out looking. Curtis singled to right, Swisher to third. Pena hit for Jeter. Pena singled to center, Swisher scored, Curtis to third. Granderson walked, Pena to second. Miranda hit for Teixeira. Miranda singled to right, Curtis scored, Pena to third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Pena at shortstop. Miranda at first base. Thames in left field. Park pitching for Yankees. Duncan struck out swinging. Valbuena grounded out to first. Crowe grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Marte pitching for Indians. Cano grounded out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Thames lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Park pitching for Yankees. Swisher in right field. Thames at third base. Curtis in left field. Cabrera flied out to right. Choo struck out swinging. Gimenez walked. Gimenez to second on wild pitch by Park. Kearns walked. LaPorta singled to left, Gimenez scored, Kearns to second. Nix reached on infield single to third, Kearns to third, LaPorta to second, Kearns scored, LaPorta to third, Nix to second on throwing error by third baseman Thames. LaPorta scored, Nix to third on wild pitch by Park. Duncan walked. Valbuena flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 11 - Indians 4.	3 RBI, no HR for A-Rod as Yanks roll Indians