Mariners - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Suzuki singled to center. Figgins walked, Suzuki to second. Suzuki stole third, Figgins stole second. Branyan homered to right (410 feet), Suzuki and Figgins scored. Lopez struck out swinging. Gutierrez singled to shallow left. Kotchman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gutierrez out at second. Moore struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gardner struck out swinging, Gardner safe at first on wild pitch by Hernandez. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Jo Wilson singled to left. Suzuki singled to center, Jo Wilson to third. Figgins grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano lined out to left. Swisher struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Branyan popped out to third. Lopez lined out to center. Gutierrez singled to shallow left. Gutierrez stole second. Kotchman singled to right center, Gutierrez scored. Moore grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kotchman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Granderson walked. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Granderson out at second. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Tuiasosopo singled to shallow right. Jo Wilson singled to shallow right, Tuiasosopo to third. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tuiasosopo scored, Jo Wilson out at second. Figgins singled to shallow center, Suzuki to second. Branyan flied out to center. Lopez walked, Suzuki to third, Figgins to second. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. Jeter doubled to left. Teixeira grounded out to first, Jeter to third. Kearns hit for Rodriguez. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Kotchman grounded out to first. Moore singled to left. Tuiasosopo flied out to center. Jo Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cano walked. Swisher singled to right, Cano to second. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Swisher out at second, Cano to third. Cervelli walked, Granderson to second. Pena struck out swinging. Gardner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Suzuki walked. Figgins lined into double play, to first, Suzuki doubled off first. Branyan homered to center (419 feet). Lopez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Jeter lined out to center. Teixeira struck out looking. Kearns singled to shallow left. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded out to first. Moore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Swisher struck out swinging. Granderson struck out swinging. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Tuiasosopo grounded out to shortstop. Jo Wilson hit by pitch. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jo Wilson out at second. Figgins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pena grounded out to second. Gardner singled to left. Gardner to second on passed ball by Moore. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gardner out at third. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Nunez at third base. Pena at shortstop. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Branyan flied out to left. Lopez flied out to center. Gutierrez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Kearns struck out looking. Cano struck out swinging. Thames hit for Swisher. Thames flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Yankees 0.	M's hammer Burnett