Mariners - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Suzuki homered to right (379 feet). Figgins grounded out to second. Branyan homered to right (440 feet). Lopez flied out to right. Gutierrez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Jeter reached on infield single to pitcher. Swisher flied out to center. Teixeira doubled to deep left, Jeter to third. Cano singled to center, Jeter and Teixeira scored. Cano to second on balk by Vargas. Thames flied out to center. Posada homered to left (407 feet), Cano scored. Kearns struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Kotchman doubled to right center. Bard grounded out to first, Kotchman to third. Saunders struck out swinging. Jo Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Granderson grounded out to first. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Suzuki homered to right (370 feet). Figgins struck out swinging. Branyan flied out to left. Lopez singled to left. Gutierrez singled to left, Lopez to second. Kotchman singled to center, Lopez scored, Gutierrez to third. Bard walked, Kotchman to second. Saunders flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Swisher flied out to right. Teixeira lined out to right. Cano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Jo Wilson reached on infield single to second. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jo Wilson out at second. Figgins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Thames grounded out to pitcher. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Branyan struck out swinging. Lopez singled to left. Gutierrez flied out to left. Kotchman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Granderson lined out to first. Nunez flied out to left. Jeter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Gaudin pitching for Yankees. Bard grounded out to first. Saunders struck out looking. Jo Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Swisher grounded out to third. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Cano singled to right. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Logan pitching for Yankees. Suzuki lined out to first. Figgins flied out to right. Branyan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Posada struck out swinging. Kearns singled to right. Granderson singled to right, Kearns to third. Nunez singled to right, Kearns scored, Granderson to second. Wright pitching for Mariners. Jeter singled to right center, Granderson scored, Nunez to third. Swisher walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to right, Nunez scored, Jeter to third. Cano flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gardner in left field. Pena at third base. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Lopez hit by pitch. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Kotchman singled to left, Lopez to second. Bard struck out swinging. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Saunders fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Sweeney pitching for Mariners. Thames flied out to center. Posada walked. Gardner singled to shallow left, Posada to second. Granderson safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman, Posada scored, Gardner to third. Pena hit into fielder's choice to right, Gardner scored, Granderson out at second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Jo Wilson struck out looking. Suzuki singled to left. Suzuki to second on fielder's indifference. Figgins singled to center, Suzuki to third. Branyan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki scored, Figgins out at second. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Yankees 9.	A-Rod's rookie replacement sparks winning rally