Yankees - Top 1st. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Granderson flied out to center. Gardner stole second. Teixeira hit by pitch. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Cano hit by pitch, Gardner to third, Teixeira to second. Berkman walked, Gardner scored, Teixeira to third, Cano to second. Kearns struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Patterson struck out looking. Lopez singled to center. Drew grounded out to shortstop, Lopez to second. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez scored. Kalish walked, Anderson to second. Nava hit by pitch, Anderson to third, Kalish to second. Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Cervelli walked. Nunez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lopez, Cervelli to third. Gardner grounded out to second, Cervelli scored, Nunez to third. Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Nunez scored. Teixeira struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Navarro flied out to left. Cash struck out swinging. Patterson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez walked. Cano singled to shallow left, Rodriguez to second. Berkman walked, Rodriguez to third, Cano to second. Kearns struck out looking. Cervelli hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored, Cano to third. Nunez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Lopez homered to right (388 feet). Drew grounded out to second. Anderson walked. Kalish grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Gardner walked. Granderson struck out swinging. Teixeira struck out swinging, Gardner stole second. Rodriguez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Nava doubled to shallow center. Reddick safe at first on error by first baseman Berkman, Nava advanced to third on Berkman error, Nava scored, Reddick to third on throwing error by pitcher Burnett. Navarro struck out swinging. Cash struck out swinging. Patterson lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Cano singled to right. Berkman flied out to center. Kearns struck out swinging, Cano stole second. Cervelli grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Lopez singled to shallow left. Drew grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. Anderson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Nunez popped out to second. Gardner safe at first on error by shortstop Navarro. Granderson struck out looking, Gardner stole second. Teixeira lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Kalish singled to shallow left. Kalish stole second. Kalish safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Nava hit by pitch. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left, Kalish scored. Cash flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Cano singled to center. Cano to second on wild pitch by Atchison. Berkman walked. Kearns fouled out to first. Cervelli singled to center, Cano scored, Berkman to third, Cervelli to second advancing on throw. Nunez walked. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Berkman scored, Cervelli to third, Nunez to second on wild pitch by Okajima. Gardner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Mitre pitching for Yankees. Patterson struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Ring pitching for Yankees. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Granderson popped out to third. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to center. Cano walked, Rodriguez to second. Thames hit for Berkman. Thames popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Miranda at first base. Golson in right field. Lowrie hit for Anderson. Ring pitching for Yankees. Lowrie walked. Kalish singled to right center, Lowrie to third. Nova pitching for Yankees. Nava reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowrie scored, Kalish to second. Reddick flied out to right. Ortiz hit for Navarro. Ortiz walked, Kalish to third, Nava to second. Hall ran for Ortiz. Cash walked, Kalish scored, Nava to third, Hall to second. Patterson struck out looking. Lopez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Lopez at shortstop. Lowrie at first base. Hall at third base. Manuel pitching for Red Sox. Miranda popped out to shortstop. Cervelli doubled to center. Swisher hit for Nunez. Swisher fouled out to third. Gardner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Pena at shortstop. Nova pitching for Yankees. Drew singled to right center. Lowrie flied out to left. Kalish walked, Drew to second. Nava flied out to left. Reddick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 10th. Manuel pitching for Red Sox. Granderson walked. Teixeira grounded out to first, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to center, Granderson to third. Cano intentionally walked. Posada hit for Golson. Posada popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 10th. Curtis in right field. Nova pitching for Yankees. Hall doubled to deep center. Cash sacrificed to third, Hall to third. Patterson singled to center, Hall scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Red Sox 7.	Yanks, BoSox split twin bill