Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Giants . Dyson lined out to right . Marte homered to right ( 436 feet ) . Escobar singled to shallow left . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Anderson , Escobar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Walker grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik doubled to deep right . Duggar struck out swinging . Posey doubled to right , Panik scored . Belt walked . Longoria lined out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Giants . Ahmed singled to left center . Swihart flied out to right . Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Anderson . Kelly walked . Weaver sacrificed to pitcher , Ahmed scored , Kelly to second . Dyson singled to center , Kelly scored . Marte singled to center , Dyson scored on throwing error by third baseman Longoria , Marte to second , Marte safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Longoria . Escobar lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Pillar lined out to center . Yastrzemski singled to left , Yastrzemski thrown out at second . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Giants . Jones lined out to right . Walker grounded out to second . Ahmed singled to center . Swihart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded out to shortstop . Duggar singled to center . Posey struck out swinging . Belt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Giants . Kelly grounded out to third . Weaver singled to center . Dyson singled to right , Weaver to second . Marte grounded out to first , Dyson to second , Weaver to third . Escobar reached on infield single to catcher , Weaver scored , Dyson to third . Jones grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria grounded out to second . Crawford walked . Pillar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Giants . Walker grounded out to third . Ahmed lined out to right . Swihart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski reached on infield single to third . Sandoval hit for Anderson . Sandoval struck out swinging . Panik flied out to right , Yastrzemski to second . Duggar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Kelly grounded out to third . Weaver struck out swinging . Dyson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey singled to center . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt singled to right , Posey to second . Longoria lined out to right . Crawford lined out to center . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Marte walked . Escobar flied out to left . Jones popped out to shortstop . Walker hit by pitch , Marte to second . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski doubled to left . Austin hit for Moronta . Austin flied out to right , Yastrzemski to third . Panik reached on infield single to first , Yastrzemski scored . Duggar struck out looking . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Panik out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Coonrod pitching for Giants . Swihart lined out to left . Kelly grounded out to first . Cron hit for Hirano . Cron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt grounded out to first . Longoria flied out to center . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Giants . Dyson struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right center . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Pillar walked . Yastrzemski struck out looking . Vogt hit for Smith . Vogt doubled to deep left , Pillar to third . Holland pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik fouled out to third . Duggar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 2 .	Marte homers , Diamondbacks sweep Giants