Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Smith pitching for Marlins . Locastro struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . Escobar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas flied out to left . Anderson grounded out to third . Cooper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Smith pitching for Marlins . Walker struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Flores fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker walked . Castro singled to left , Walker to second . Granderson reached on infield single to pitcher , Walker scored , Castro to third . Ramírez singled to center , Castro scored , Granderson to third . Holaday fouled out to first . Smith reached on bunt single to catcher , Granderson scored on throwing error by pitcher Kelly and Ramírez scored on throwing error by pitcher Kelly , Smith safe at third on error by left fielder . Rojas homered to left ( 394 feet ) , Smith scored . Anderson lined out to right . Cooper struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Smith pitching for Marlins . Ahmed flied out to center . Kelly singled to left . Kelly struck out bunting foul . Locastro doubled to deep left , Kelly to third . Marte homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Kelly scored and Locastro scored . Escobar flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker lined out to first . Castro grounded out to third . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Smith pitching for Marlins . Walker struck out swinging . Jones hit by pitch . Flores doubled to deep center , Jones scored . Ahmed lined out to second . Kelly intentionally walked . Kelly struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez struck out swinging . Holaday flied out to left . Smith singled to right . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Smith pitching for Marlins . Locastro flied out to right . Marte grounded out to second . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Cooper struck out swinging . Walker walked . Castro flied out to right . Granderson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Smith pitching for Marlins . Walker popped out to second . Jones struck out swinging . Flores struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez grounded out to third . Holaday grounded out to shortstop . Smith flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Marlins . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Kelly flied out to right . Tomás hit for Kelly . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas walked . Anderson singled to center , Rojas to third . Cooper singled to center , Rojas scored , Anderson to second . Walker doubled to left center , Anderson scored , Cooper to third . Castro hit sacrifice fly to right , Cooper scored , Walker to third . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Granderson walked . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker scored , Granderson out at second . Holaday grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Rivera at second base . Locastro grounded out to third . Marte singled to center . Escobar walked , Marte to second . Walker singled to left , Escobar to second , Marte to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte scored , Walker out at second , Escobar to third . Flores popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera grounded out to second . Rojas popped out to first . Anderson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Guerrero pitching for Marlins . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Kelly homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Peralta hit for McFarland . Peralta hit by pitch . Lamb hit for Locastro . Lamb flied out to left . Marte walked , Peralta to second . Anderson pitching for Marlins . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Marlins 11 .	Caleb Smith goes 7 innings to help Marlins beat Arizona 11 - 6