Phillies - Top 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson flied out to left . Hoskins grounded out to second . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Phillies . Marte hit by pitch . Peralta walked , Marte to second . Escobar flied out to left . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto flied out to left . Segura singled to deep right . Hernández lined into double play , second to first , Segura out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Phillies . Jones flied out to center . Flores flied out to center . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Kingery walked . Kingery stole second . Haseley struck out swinging . Vargas struck out looking . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Phillies . Kelly hit by pitch . Gallen sacrificed to pitcher , Kelly to second . Marte walked . Peralta singled to right , Kelly scored , Peralta to second , Marte to third . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Marte scored , Peralta to third . Walker flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Hoskins walked . Harper grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Hoskins out at second . Realmuto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to third . Flores reached on infield single to third . Ahmed singled to center , Flores to second . Kelly singled to left center , Flores scored , Ahmed to third . Gallen sacrificed to third , Ahmed scored , Kelly to third . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Segura walked . Hernández struck out swinging . Kingery struck out swinging . Haseley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Phillies . Peralta walked . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Walker flied out to left . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Rodríguez hit for Vargas . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Rodríguez lined out to shortstop . Dickerson reached on infield single to second . Hoskins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dickerson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Morin pitching for Phillies . Flores flied out to left . Ahmed grounded out to second . Kelly grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper singled to center . Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto flied out to right . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harper out at second . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Nicasio pitching for Phillies . Lamb hit for Hirano . Lamb popped out to second . Marte singled to right . Marte stole second , Marte safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Peralta flied out to center . Escobar intentionally walked . Escobar stole second . Walker intentionally walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 8th . Marte at second base . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores at first base . Dyson in center field . Kingery singled to right center . Quinn hit for Haseley . Quinn popped out to third . Knapp hit for Nicasio . Knapp struck out swinging . Dickerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Quinn in center field . Suárez pitching for Phillies . Flores singled to center . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores out at second . Kelly popped out to shortstop . Dyson singled to center , Ahmed scored on throwing error by shortstop Segura , Dyson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Marte singled to left center , Dyson scored . Peralta hit by pitch , Marte to second . Escobar grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Realmuto walked . Segura struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Diamondbacks top Phils , gain ground in wild card race