Rockies - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Fowler grounded out to third . Rutledge grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Pagan singled to right center . Scutaro singled to left , Pagan to second . Sandoval flied out to center , Pagan to third , Scutaro to second . Pence singled to shallow right , Pagan scored , Scutaro to third . Belt grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Scutaro out at home , Pence to second . Blanco walked , Pence to third , Belt to second . Sanchez flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki walked . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Scutaro . Helton grounded out to shortstop , Tulowitzki scored , Cuddyer to second . Rosario walked . Nelson struck out swinging . Cuddyer to third on wild pitch by Lincecum . Rosario stole second . Nicasio walked . Fowler doubled to right , Cuddyer and Rosario scored , Nicasio to third . Rutledge singled to center , Nicasio and Fowler scored . Gonzalez flied out to left . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Crawford walked . Lincecum sacrificed to first , Crawford to second . Pagan struck out swinging . Scutaro singled to left , Crawford scored . Sandoval flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Pence struck out swinging . Belt flied out to left . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Rosario flied out to left . Nelson flied out to right . Nicasio walked . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Sanchez walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez out at second . Lincecum singled to left , Crawford to second . Pagan flied out to center . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lincecum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Rutledge struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to right . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Sandoval fouled out to catcher . Pence grounded out to second . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Helton flied out to center . Rosario singled to center . Nelson struck out swinging , Rosario stole second . Nicasio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Blanco walked . Sanchez walked , Blanco to second . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Blanco to third , Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Crawford homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Blanco and Sanchez scored . Noonan hit for Lincecum . Noonan singled to right . Pagan singled to center , Noonan to second . Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher , Noonan to third , Pagan to second . Sandoval intentionally walked . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Pence singled to right , Noonan scored , Pagan to third , Sandoval to second . Belt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pence out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Mijares pitching for Giants . Fowler walked . Rutledge sacrificed to catcher , Fowler to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kontos pitching for Giants . Tulowitzki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Blanco struck out looking . Sanchez grounded out to second . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Cuddyer popped out to second . Helton fouled out to third . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Torres hit for Casilla . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Torres doubled to deep right . Pagan singled to center , Torres scored . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Scutaro singled to left , Pagan to third . Sandoval singled to right , Pagan scored , Scutaro to second . Pence lined out to second . Belt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sandoval out at second , Scutaro to third . Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher , Scutaro scored , Belt to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Arias at third base . Romo pitching for Giants . Torres in left field . Brignac hit for Nelson . Brignac grounded out to pitcher . Young Jr. hit for Lopez . Young Jr. struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Giants 9 .	Giants storm back , continue mastery of Rockies