Rockies - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Fowler homered to center . Pacheco singled to right . Gonzalez doubled to deep center , Pacheco to third . Rosario homered to right , Pacheco and Gonzalez scored . Cuddyer flied out to center . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Rutledge flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Crawford grounded out to third . Ellis flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Chatwood reached on infield single to shortstop . Fowler struck out swinging . Pacheco walked , Chatwood to second . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third , Chatwood to third , Pacheco to second . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Kemp grounded out to third . Ethier singled to right center . Schumaker singled to center , Ethier to second . Cruz lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Cuddyer lined out to second . Arenado safe at first on error by pitcher Lilly . Rutledge flied out to center . Herrera singled to left , Arenado to second . Chatwood singled to center , Arenado to third , Herrera to second . Fowler walked , Arenado scored , Herrera to third , Chatwood to second . Pacheco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Sellers struck out looking . Uribe hit for Lilly . Uribe grounded out to first . Crawford singled to center . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Wall pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to center . Rosario doubled to deep right . Cuddyer walked . Arenado reached on infield single to third , Rosario to third , Cuddyer to second . Rutledge singled to right , Rosario scored , Cuddyer to third , Arenado to second . Herrera lined out to left . Chatwood singled to center , Cuddyer and Arenado scored , Rutledge to second . Fowler walked , Rutledge to third , Chatwood to second . Pacheco hit ground rule double to deep center , Rutledge and Chatwood scored , Fowler to third . Gonzalez popped out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Kemp hit by pitch . Ethier singled to right , Kemp to third . Schumaker struck out swinging . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Wall pitching for Dodgers . Rosario reached on infield single to third . Cuddyer lined out to left . Arenado homered to right center , Rosario scored . Rutledge singled to center . Herrera struck out swinging . Chatwood grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Sellers grounded out to third . Hairston Jr. hit for Wall . Hairston Jr. struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Hairston Jr. in left field . Fowler singled to center . Pacheco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pacheco out at second . Rosario walked , Gonzalez to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to deep left . Kemp struck out swinging , Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Chatwood . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Arenado flied out to right . Rutledge grounded out to third . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Young Jr. in center field . Pacheco catching . Wheeler at first base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Schumaker safe at first on error by second baseman Rutledge . Cruz struck out swinging . Sellers lined out to left . Hairston Jr. homered to left center , Schumaker scored . Ramirez hit for Guerrier . Ramirez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Ottavino struck out swinging . Young Jr. struck out swinging . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Ellis flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Punto at second base . Schumaker pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to right center . Wheeler lined out to left . Cuddyer flied out to right . Arenado singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Rutledge walked , Gonzalez to third , Arenado to second . Herrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Ethier lined out to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 12 - Dodgers 2 .	Arenado , Rockies pound Dodgers