Rockies - Top 1st . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Fowler struck out looking . LeMahieu lined out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kobernus walked . Kobernus caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Rendon flied out to center . Zimmerman walked . Werth singled to left center , Zimmerman to second . Desmond fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Cuddyer homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Rosario grounded out to first . Pacheco grounded out to first . Arenado lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marrero grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lombardozzi reached on bunt single to third , Lombardozzi to second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado . Detwiler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Rutledge singled to left center . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler walked , Rutledge to second . LeMahieu singled to left center , Rutledge scored , Fowler to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second , Fowler to third . Cuddyer singled to center , Fowler scored , Gonzalez to third . Rosario singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Cuddyer to second . Pacheco fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kobernus flied out to right . Rendon flied out to center . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Arenado homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . De La Rosa reached on infield single to second . Fowler singled to right , De La Rosa to second . LeMahieu flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to right , De La Rosa to third , Fowler to second . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Cuddyer singled to left , De La Rosa and Fowler scored , Gonzalez to third , Cuddyer out stretching at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Werth singled to right . Bernadina ran for Werth . Desmond doubled to left , Bernadina to third . Marrero grounded out to second , Bernadina scored , Desmond to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored . Lombardozzi singled to center . Stammen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bernadina in right field . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Rosario singled to left . Pacheco lined into double play , shortstop to first , Rosario doubled off first . Arenado singled to left . Rutledge flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Kobernus grounded out to shortstop . Rendon doubled to left . Zimmerman walked . Bernadina bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at second , Rendon to third . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to second . LeMahieu flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marrero singled to left . Suzuki flied out to right . Marrero to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Lombardozzi grounded out to third . Tracy hit for Stammen . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Krol pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Kobernus lined out to right . Rendon singled to left center . Rendon to second on wild pitch by Scahill . Zimmerman flied out to center . Bernadina singled to left , Rendon to third . Desmond walked , Bernadina to second . Marrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Krol pitching for Nationals . Pacheco struck out looking . Arenado popped out to second . Rutledge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Colvin in left field . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lombardozzi reached on infield single to pitcher . Span hit for Krol . Span singled to right , Lombardozzi to third . Kobernus walked , Span to second . Rendon struck out swinging . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Lombardozzi scored , Span to third , Kobernus to second , Span scored , Kobernus to third on error by shortstop Rutledge . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Solano hit for Bernadina . Solano doubled to deep center , Kobernus and Zimmerman scored . Desmond struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Kobernus in right field . Abad pitching for Nationals . Span in center field . Colvin struck out swinging . Fowler singled to left center . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fowler out at second . Brothers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Marrero grounded out to third . Suzuki flied out to right . Lombardozzi lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Nationals 6 .	Cuddyer hitting streak at 21 as Rockies win