Rockies - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Padres . Dickerson walked . LeMahieu flied out to right . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third , Dickerson to second . Rosario doubled to deep center , Dickerson and Cuddyer scored . Helton walked . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Amarista lined out to second . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Colvin struck out looking . Herrera singled to right . Chatwood reached on infield single to shortstop , Herrera to second . Dickerson popped out to shortstop . LeMahieu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Quentin lined out to third . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Forsythe walked . Venable lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Rosario singled to center . Helton lined out to center . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Volquez struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Colvin flied out to left . Herrera flied out to left . Chatwood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Amarista flied out to center . Headley flied out to left . Quentin singled to center . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Quentin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Dickerson singled to left . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dickerson out at second . Cuddyer singled to center . Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Volquez . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Forsythe lined out to left . Venable singled to right . Rivera struck out swinging . Volquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Helton walked . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . Colvin singled to left , Arenado to third . Herrera sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Arenado scored , Colvin to second , Herrera to first on throwing error by pitcher Volquez . Chatwood walked , Colvin to third , Herrera to second . Brach pitching for Padres . Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to left , Colvin scored , Herrera to third , Chatwood to second . LeMahieu struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Amarista grounded out to second . Headley doubled to right . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Brach pitching for Padres . Cuddyer struck out looking . Rosario struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Guzman singled to left center . Forsythe walked , Guzman to second . Venable struck out swinging . Denorfia hit for Rivera . Denorfia flied out to right . Hundley hit for Brach . Hundley reached on infield single to second , Guzman to third , Forsythe to second . Cabrera walked , Guzman scored , Forsythe to third , Hundley to second . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Blanks hit for Amarista . Blanks reached on infield single to third , Forsythe scored , Hundley to third , Cabrera to second . Headley popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Thayer pitching for Padres . Venable in center field . Denorfia in right field . Hundley catching . Arenado grounded out to third . Colvin struck out looking . Herrera singled to right center . Blackmon hit for Brothers . Herrera stole second . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Quentin flied out to right . Guzman struck out swinging . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Street pitching for Padres . Dickerson struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Venable bunt grounded out to pitcher . Denorfia doubled to deep center . Hundley struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Kotsay hit for Street . Kotsay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Padres 2 .	Rockies send Padres to 10th straight defeat