Marlins - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hechavarria struck out looking . Yelich walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Lucas singled to right center , Yelich to third . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Fowler flied out to left . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Tulowitzki batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marisnick struck out swinging . Solano singled to left . Mathis flied out to left . Turner singled to right , Solano to second . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Cuddyer flied out to center . Helton doubled to deep left . Arenado singled to left , Helton scored , Arenado to second advancing on throw . Torrealba intentionally walked . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Yelich flied out to left . Stanton grounded out to third . Lucas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Fowler flied out to left . LeMahieu struck out looking . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Polanco lined out to right . Marisnick struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer singled to right center . Helton flied out to center , Cuddyer to second . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Mathis flied out to left . Turner struck out swinging . Hechavarria singled to left center . Hechavarria stole second . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Torrealba singled to left center . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Torrealba to second . Fowler singled to right , Torrealba to third . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to center , Torrealba scored . Fowler to second on wild pitch by Turner . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded out to third . Lucas grounded out to first . Polanco singled to center . Marisnick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Cuddyer walked . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cuddyer out at second , Helton to second on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 7th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Solano singled to center . Mathis singled to center , Solano to second . Dobbs hit for Turner . Dobbs hit by pitch , Solano to third , Mathis to second . Hechavarria struck out looking . Outman pitching for Rockies . Yelich struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mathis out at third , Dobbs to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Marlins . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon hit for Lopez . Blackmon flied out to left . Fowler walked . LeMahieu singled to center , Fowler to third . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Lucas singled to right . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lucas out at second , Polanco to second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Marisnick grounded out to first , Polanco to third . Solano singled to right , Polanco scored . Mathis singled to left , Solano to second . Ruggiano hit for Jennings . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Cuddyer walked . Helton struck out swinging , Cuddyer stole second . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . Stanton walked . Lucas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Rockies 2 .	De La Rosa , Helton lift Rockies past Marlins