Brewers - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Weeks struck out swinging . Aoki singled to right center . Segura struck out swinging . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Fowler struck out looking . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Tulowitzki fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Schafer struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . Francisco singled to center . Betancourt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Cuddyer walked . Helton singled to deep right , Cuddyer to third . Rosario walked , Helton to second . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . Arenado reached on infield single to second , Cuddyer scored , Helton to third , Rosario to second . Chatwood doubled to left , Helton and Rosario scored , Arenado to third . Fowler hit by pitch . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado scored , Fowler out at second , Chatwood to third . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . Weeks grounded out to second . Aoki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Cuddyer flied out to center . Helton flied out to left . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Segura struck out swinging . Gomez struck out swinging . Schafer singled to right . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schafer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Blackmon singled to left center . Arenado singled to center , Blackmon to third . Chatwood sacrificed to pitcher , Arenado to second . Fowler walked . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blackmon scored , Arenado safe at third on error by third baseman Betancourt , Fowler to second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Arenado scored , Fowler thrown out at home , LeMahieu to third . Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop , LeMahieu scored , Tulowitzki to second . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Helton singled to center , Tulowitzki scored , Cuddyer to third . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Francisco struck out looking . Betancourt lined out to first . Wooten struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Blackmon safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Francisco . Arenado flied out to center . Chatwood singled to right , Blackmon to second . Fowler flied out to right , Blackmon to third . LeMahieu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Weeks doubled to deep center . Aoki singled to left , Weeks scored . Segura singled to center , Aoki to third . Gomez struck out swinging . Schafer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aoki scored , Segura out at second . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Francisco lined out to third . Betancourt struck out swinging . Lucroy hit for Wooten . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Lucroy at first base . Rosario struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to center . Arenado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Weeks singled to left center . Aoki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Weeks out at second . Segura grounded into double play , third to second to first , Aoki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Corpas struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to first . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Gomez homered to left ( 449 feet ) . Schafer grounded out to pitcher . Maldonado struck out swinging . Gindl hit for Badenhop . Gindl struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Rockies 8 .	Chatwood pitches , hits Rockies by Brewers