Rockies - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Braves . Fowler singled to center . Culberson flied out to center . Fowler caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Heyward safe at first on error by second baseman Culberson . Upton singled to center , Heyward to second . Freeman singled to center , Heyward scored , Upton to second . Gattis flied out to center , Upton to third . McCann grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Freeman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Braves . Tulowitzki popped out to first . Cuddyer lined out to center . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Johnson flied out to center . Uggla hit by pitch . Uggla to second on wild pitch by Chatwood . Simmons singled to left , Uggla thrown out at home , Uggla to third advancing on play . Simmons to second advancing on throw . Minor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Braves . Helton struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Chatwood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Heyward walked . Upton singled to left , Heyward to second . Freeman singled to right center , Heyward scored , Upton to third . Gattis singled to left , Upton scored , Freeman to second . McCann homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Freeman and Gattis scored . Johnson singled to center . Uggla struck out swinging . Simmons doubled to right center , Johnson to third . Minor singled to left , Johnson scored , Simmons to third . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Heyward grounded out to first , Simmons scored , Minor to second . Upton struck out looking . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Braves . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Culberson struck out looking . LeMahieu hit for Gonzalez . LeMahieu hit for Gonzalez . LeMahieu hit for Gonzalez . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Culberson in left field . LeMahieu at second base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Freeman singled to right center . Gattis struck out swinging . Freeman to second on balk by Ottavino . McCann batting . Johnson reached on infield single to third , Freeman scored . Uggla flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Minor pitching for Braves . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Arenado singled to right . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Simmons popped out to shortstop . Minor popped out to shortstop . Heyward struck out swinging , Heyward safe at first on wild pitch by Ottavino . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Minor pitching for Braves . Torrealba popped out to second . Dickerson hit for Ottavino . Dickerson grounded out to second . Fowler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Outman pitching for Rockies . Dickerson in right field . Freeman singled to left . Gattis singled to center , Freeman to second . McCann struck out looking . Johnson flied out to right . Uggla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Minor pitching for Braves . Culberson flied out to center . LeMahieu flied out to center . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Herrera at shortstop . Rosario at first base . Simmons hit by pitch . Janish ran for Simmons . Terdoslavich hit for Minor . Terdoslavich flied out to center . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Janish out at second . Upton singled to left center , Heyward to second . Freeman walked , Heyward to third , Upton to second . Gattis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Braves . Gattis catching . Cunningham in left field . Janish at shortstop . Terdoslavich at first base . Herrera reached on infield single to third . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrera out at second . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . Torrealba popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Cunningham grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Uggla safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado , Uggla tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Ayala pitching for Braves . Dickerson reached on infield single to third , Dickerson to second on throwing error by third baseman Johnson . Fowler reached on infield single to shortstop , Dickerson to third . Fowler to second on fielder 's indifference . Culberson struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Blackmon hit for Lopez . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Braves 9 .	Minor helps Braves roll to 6th straight win