Rockies - Top 1st . Cole pitching for Pirates . Fowler struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Dickerson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep center . McCutchen flied out to right , Walker to third . Alvarez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Helton flied out to right . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Martin hit by pitch . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martin out at second . Presley reached on infield single to second . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Cole pitching for Pirates . Arenado flied out to center . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . Fowler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Cole grounded out to first . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker doubled to deep right , Marte to third . McCutchen singled to right , Marte scored , Walker to third . Alvarez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Cole pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to right . Tulowitzki walked , Dickerson to second . Helton struck out swinging . Dickerson to third , Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Cole . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Martin singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . Presley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Blackmon flied out to left . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Chacin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Barmes popped out to third . Cole grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Cole pitching for Pirates . Fowler walked . LeMahieu struck out swinging , Fowler stole second . Dickerson singled to right , Fowler to third . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to first , Fowler scored , Dickerson to second . Dickerson to third , Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Helton singled to center , Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored . Rosario lined out to shortstop . Blackmon singled to right , Helton to second . Arenado lined out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Walker flied out to left . McCutchen flied out to center . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Chacin grounded out to third . Fowler grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Martin lined out to third . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Presley bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Helton walked . Rosario singled to left , Helton to second . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez in left field . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Barmes grounded out to third . Harrison hit for Hughes . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Morris pitching for Pirates . Presley in left field . Harrison in right field . Arenado singled to center . Culberson hit for Chacin . Culberson singled to shallow left , Arenado to second . Arenado to third , Culberson to second on wild pitch by Morris . Fowler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Culberson out at third . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arenado out at home , Fowler to second . Fowler to third , LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Morris . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen doubled to deep center . Alvarez doubled to deep center , McCutchen scored . Martin flied out to center , Alvarez to third . Sanchez hit for Jones . Sanchez lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Pirates 2 .	Chacin quiets Pirates as Rockies snap slide