Rockies - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Fowler grounded out to third . LeMahieu singled to left . Tulowitzki walked , LeMahieu to second . LeMahieu to third , Tulowitzki to second on wild pitch by Liriano . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marte flied out to left . Mercer singled to left . McCutchen walked , Mercer to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Culberson lined out to center . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Tabata reached on infield single to third . Walker sacrificed to third , Tabata to second . Harrison flied out to center . Liriano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . De La Rosa flied out to left . Fowler walked . LeMahieu walked , Fowler to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Fowler to third , LeMahieu to second . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marte singled to left . Marte stole second . Mercer grounded out to shortstop , Marte to third . McCutchen doubled to deep right , Marte scored . McCutchen stole third . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen out at home . Sanchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Rosario grounded out to second . Arenado singled to center . Culberson grounded into double play , second to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Tabata homered to right center ( 390 feet ) . Walker hit by pitch . Harrison grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . Liriano flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Blackmon struck out swinging . De La Rosa grounded out to second . Fowler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Marte walked . Marte to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Mercer singled to right , Marte to third . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . McCutchen struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center , Marte scored , Mercer to third . Sanchez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sanchez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu struck out looking . Tulowitzki walked . Cuddyer grounded out to third , Tulowitzki to second . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Tabata tripled to deep center . Walker struck out swinging . Harrison sacrificed to pitcher , Tabata scored . Liriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Arenado walked . Culberson struck out looking . Blackmon grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Marte grounded out to third . Mercer struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to left . McCutchen stole second . Sanchez singled to left , McCutchen scored . Sanchez singled to left , Sanchez to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Dickerson in left field . Tabata struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop . Fowler singled to right , Dickerson to second . LeMahieu grounded out to third , Dickerson to third , Fowler to second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Dickerson scored , Fowler to third . Morris pitching for Pirates . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third , Fowler scored , Tulowitzki to second . Rosario grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuddyer out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Harrison flied out to right . Jones hit for Morris . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Arenado grounded out to third . Helton hit for Lopez . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Pirates 5 .	Liriano stays hot , leads Pirates past Rockies