Rockies - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Dickerson singled to right . LeMahieu flied out to right . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Marte doubled to center . Walker flied out to center , Marte to third . McCutchen singled to right , Marte scored . Alvarez struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Helton walked . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Jones walked . Tabata struck out looking . Mercer singled to center , Jones to second . Burnett grounded out to third , Jones to third , Mercer to second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Herrera singled to center , Herrera to second on error by center fielder McCutchen . Nicasio sacrificed to catcher , Herrera to third . Dickerson struck out looking . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Walker doubled to left . McCutchen singled to center , Walker to third . Alvarez walked , McCutchen to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCutchen out at third , Alvarez to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Walker scored . Tabata lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to third . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Mercer popped out to second . Burnett grounded out to shortstop . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Helton flied out to left . Torrealba singled to right . Herrera singled to right , Torrealba to third . Nicasio bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Herrera out at second . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to first . McCutchen walked . Alvarez singled to left , McCutchen to second . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Martin homered to left ( 357 feet ) , McCutchen and Alvarez scored . Jones walked . Tabata grounded into double play , second to first , Jones out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Mercer flied out to right . Burnett struck out looking . Marte safe at first on error by pitcher Corpas . Walker lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Cuddyer singled to left . Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Helton struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Herrera singled to right , Cuddyer scored . Blackmon hit for Corpas . Blackmon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Outman pitching for Rockies . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Alvarez struck out swinging . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Sanchez at first base . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Dickerson struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Sanchez grounded out to second . Tabata singled to right . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tabata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Cuddyer singled to center . Helton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuddyer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 1 - Pirates 5 .	Burnett twirls CG as Pirates handle Rockies