Dodgers - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Crawford walked . Puig singled to right , Crawford to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Puig out at second . Ramirez walked , Gonzalez to second . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crawford scored , Gonzalez to third , Ramirez safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Pacheco . Ellis flied out to left . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rutledge walked . Rutledge stole second . LeMahieu singled to right , Rutledge to third . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third , Rutledge scored , LeMahieu to second . Rosario singled to center , LeMahieu scored , Cuddyer to third . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuddyer scored , Rosario out at second . Culberson doubled to right . Pacheco grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Uribe struck out swinging . Kershaw singled to center . Crawford singled to left center , Kershaw to second . Puig lined into double play , second to shortstop , Kershaw doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to left . Bettis grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Blackmon safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Gonzalez . Rutledge struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out looking . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to second . Ethier walked . Ellis reached on infield single to third , Ethier to second . Ellis singled to deep right center , Ethier scored , Ellis to third . Ellis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop to first to second . Uribe batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rosario struck out swinging . Arenado singled to center . Culberson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Uribe singled to center . Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to second . Crawford flied out to center , Uribe to third . Puig hit by pitch . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Pacheco doubled to deep left . Blackmon singled to right , Pacheco to third . Bettis sacrificed to first , Blackmon to second . Rutledge popped out to second . LeMahieu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to left . Ethier doubled to deep right center . Ellis lined out to right . Ellis walked . Uribe singled to right , Ethier scored , Ellis to third , Uribe to second advancing on throw . Manship pitching for Rockies . Kershaw singled to center , Ellis and Uribe scored . Crawford flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Cuddyer singled to left center . Rosario struck out looking . Arenado doubled to deep center , Cuddyer scored . Culberson flied out to center . Pacheco singled to center , Arenado scored . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Manship pitching for Rockies . Puig safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado . Gonzalez singled to right , Puig to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Puig scored . Ethier homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Ellis grounded out to third . Ellis lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Schumaker in right field . League pitching for Dodgers . Herrera hit for Manship . Herrera doubled to deep right center . Rutledge singled to center , Herrera to third . LeMahieu flied out to right . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rutledge out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Uribe fouled out to third . Hairston Jr. hit for League . Hairston Jr. struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Dodgers . Rosario struck out looking . Arenado popped out to first . Culberson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Schumaker struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Pacheco fouled out to first . Blackmon doubled to deep right . Dickerson hit for Francis . Dickerson doubled to deep right center , Blackmon scored . Chatwood ran for Dickerson . Rutledge singled to center , Chatwood scored . LeMahieu singled to center , Rutledge to third . Cuddyer grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Ethier doubled to left . Ellis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Ethier to third . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ethier out at home , Ellis to second . Uribe singled to center , Ellis scored , Ellis to third . Young hit for Belisario . Young struck out swinging . Crawford hit ground rule double to deep center , Ellis scored , Uribe to third . Schumaker lined out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Rosario homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Arenado lined out to second . Culberson grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco walked . Pacheco to second on fielder 's indifference . Blackmon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Rockies 8 .	Dodgers top Rockies despite shaky Kershaw