Marlins - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado lined out to right. Stanton walked. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Herrera singled to right. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Herrera out at second. Utley singled to right center, Revere to third. Ruiz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ozuna singled to center. Realmuto struck out swinging. Suzuki walked, Ozuna to second. Hechavarría grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second, Ozuna to third. Cosart safe at first on error by pitcher Hamels, Ozuna scored, Hechavarría to third. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cosart out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Asche homered to right (386 feet). Howard grounded out to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. Galvis flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Prado grounded out to third. Stanton popped out to second. Morse grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Hamels struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ozuna singled to right. Realmuto singled to right, Ozuna to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Realmuto out at second, Ozuna to third. Hechavarría grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Utley grounded out to second. Ruiz flied out to right. Asche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Cosart struck out looking. Gordon struck out swinging. Prado singled to center. Stanton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to second. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Morse grounded out to third. Ozuna walked. Ozuna caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Realmuto reached on infield single to first. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hernández hit for Hamels. Cosart pitching for Marlins. Hernández lined out to left. Herrera grounded out to third. Revere tripled to deep right center. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. García pitching for Phillies. Hechavarría reached on infield single to pitcher. Solano hit for Cosart. Hechavarría stole second. Solano struck out swinging. Gordon reached on infield single to second, Hechavarría to third. Hechavarría scored, Gordon to second on balk by García. Prado grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to third. Stanton intentionally walked. Morse flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Ruiz struck out swinging. Asche struck out swinging. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Ozuna fouled out to first. Realmuto lined out to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Hechavarría singled to center, Suzuki to second. Baker hit for Ramos. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki to third, Hechavarría safe at second on error by second baseman Utley. Gordon safe at third on error by center fielder Herrera, Suzuki, Hechavarría and Baker scored. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Ruf at first base. Prado doubled to left, Gordon scored. Stanton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Sizemore singled to center. Galvis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. Ruf grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Morse hit by pitch. Ozuna popped out to second. Realmuto flied out to right. Suzuki walked, Morse to second. Hechavarría struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Herrera grounded out to second. Revere popped out to shortstop. Utley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Phillies 1.	Marlins surge past Phillies 6-1