Marlins - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Suzuki grounded out to first. Prado lined out to left. Yelich lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second. Hernández walked. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández out at second, Revere to third. Howard singled to right center, Revere scored, Franco to second. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard out at second, Franco to third. Brown singled to center, Franco scored, Ruiz to second. Galvis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Bour grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarría singled to center. Dietrich grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hechavarría out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Asche safe at first on error by first baseman Bour. Billingsley sacrificed to catcher, Asche to second, Billingsley safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Koehler. Asche to third on throwing error by pitcher Koehler. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Asche scored, Billingsley out at second. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Revere out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Realmuto doubled to deep right. Gillespie lined into double play, first to shortstop, Realmuto doubled off second. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Franco walked. Howard lined out to center. Ruiz struck out looking. Brown grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Prado doubled to deep left. Yelich flied out to center. Bour flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Galvis flied out to center. Asche grounded out to first. Billingsley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Phillies. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich doubled to deep center. Realmuto flied out to right. Gillespie walked. Koehler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Franco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Prado doubled to right, Suzuki scored. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at third. Bour struck out swinging. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Hechavarría struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to first. Ruiz struck out looking. Brown flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Gomez pitching for Phillies. Dietrich struck out looking. Realmuto struck out swinging. Gillespie singled to center. McGehee hit for Koehler. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Galvis struck out swinging. Asche flied out to left. Herrera hit for Gómez. Herrera doubled to deep right center. Revere lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Revere in left field. Giles pitching for Phillies. Herrera in center field. Suzuki lined out to center. Prado singled to center. Yelich singled to right, Prado to second. Bour grounded out to first, Prado to third, Yelich to second. Hechavarría struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Hernández struck out swinging. Franco singled to center. Franco to second on wild pitch by Dyson. Howard flied out to left. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Dietrich singled to center. Realmuto struck out looking. Gillespie lined out to center. Morse hit for Dyson. Morse grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Phillies 3.	Billingsley tosses 5 scoreless, Phillies beat Marlins 3-1