Marlins - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki grounded out to third. Prado walked. Yelich singled to right, Prado to second. Bour singled to right, Prado to third, Yelich to second. Hechavarría grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Inciarte singled to left center. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt stole second. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich grounded out to second. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Gillespie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Lamb grounded out to first. Owings flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki walked. Prado grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Yelich grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Ahmed tripled to deep right center. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Peralta singled to left center, Ahmed and Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to third, Peralta to second on error by third baseman Dietrich. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Bour flied out to center. Hechavarría flied out to right. Dietrich walked. Realmuto walked, Dietrich to second. Gillespie grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Lamb singled to center. Owings flied out to center. Ahmed flied out to right. De La Rosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Phelps singled to right. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to right. Peralta lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich bunt grounded out to catcher. Bour walked. Hechavarría grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Castillo struck out swinging. Lamb singled to center. Owings reached on bunt single to third, Lamb to second. Ahmed walked, Lamb to third, Owings to second. De La Rosa grounded into fielder's choice to right, Lamb scored, Ahmed out at second, Owings to third. Hand pitching for Marlins. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Dietrich homered to right center (369 feet). Realmuto singled to center. Gillespie grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. Morse hit for Hand. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pollock out at second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki singled to center. Prado lined out to left. Yelich singled to center, Suzuki to second. McGehee hit for Bour. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Yelich out at second, Suzuki to third. Hechavarría walked, McGehee to second. Rojas ran for McGehee. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Prado at third base. Rojas at second base. Dietrich at first base. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Castillo struck out swinging. Lamb grounded out to first. Owings singled to left. Owings caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ahmed batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto struck out swinging. Gillespie grounded out to second. Solano hit for Cishek. Solano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Diamondbacks 3.	De La Rosa helps D-Backs snap 6-game skid, beat Marlins 3-1