Marlins - Top 1st. Wisler pitching for Braves. Gordon doubled to center. Dietrich walked. Yelich singled to center, Gordon scored, Dietrich to second. Bour flied out to right, Dietrich to third. Prado hit sacrifice fly to left, Dietrich scored. Yelich stole second. Suzuki grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. Peterson doubled to deep center. Pérez sacrificed to pitcher, Peterson to third. Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left, Peterson scored. Pierzynski doubled to deep right. Maybin singled to center, Pierzynski scored. Terdoslavich popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Wisler pitching for Braves. Hechavarría flied out to right. Mathis struck out swinging. Ureña grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. García grounded out to shortstop. Castro reached on infield single to catcher. Wisler sacrificed to first, Castro to second. Peterson singled to center, Castro scored. Pérez hit by pitch, Peterson to second. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Peterson and Pérez scored. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Maybin flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Wisler pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dietrich homered to right center (402 feet). Yelich singled to left. Bour singled to right, Yelich to third. Prado hit sacrifice fly to center, Yelich scored. Suzuki singled to center, Bour to second. Hechavarría lined out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Terdoslavich flied out to right. García flied out to center. Castro singled to center. Wisler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Mathis struck out swinging. Conley singled to left. Gordon struck out swinging. Dietrich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Peterson struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Yelich doubled to deep right center. Bour grounded out to first, Yelich to third. Prado singled to center, Yelich scored. Suzuki walked, Prado to second. Hechavarría grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Pierzynski lined out to right. Maybin walked. Terdoslavich singled to center, Maybin to second, Maybin scored, Terdoslavich to third on error by center fielder Yelich. García homered to center (418 feet), Terdoslavich scored. Castro flied out to center. Wisler fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Mathis walked. Conley sacrificed to first, Mathis to second. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Gordon flied out to center. Dietrich flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Peterson flied out to left. Pérez singled to right. Pérez stole second. Markakis grounded out to shortstop, Pérez to third. Pierzynski flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Yelich flied out to center. Bour grounded out to second. Prado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Maybin grounded out to pitcher. Terdoslavich lined out to left. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. McKirahan pitching for Braves. Suzuki walked. Hechavarría reached on bunt single to second, Suzuki to second. Rojas hit for Mathis. Rojas fouled out to catcher. McGehee hit for Ellington. McGehee singled to center, Suzuki to third, Hechavarría to second. Gordon singled to center, Suzuki and Hechavarría scored, McGehee to third. Dietrich hit by pitch, Gordon to second. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGehee scored, Dietrich out at second, Gordon to third. Bour struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Telis catching. McGehee at first base. Castro reached on infield single to pitcher, Castro to second on throwing error by pitcher Morris. Ciriaco hit for McKirahan. Ciriaco sacrificed to third, Castro to third. Peterson grounded out to second. Pérez singled to left center, Castro scored. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Prado grounded out to third. Suzuki singled to left. Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Vizcaíno. Hechavarría flied out to right. Telis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Braves 9.	Perez's single in 8th lifts Braves past Marlins 9-8