Pirates - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Polanco doubled to deep right. Marte fouled out to first. McCutchen struck out swinging. Kang struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Happ pitching for Pirates. Gordon lined out to left. Suzuki grounded out to first. Prado singled to right center. Dietrich reached on infield single to third, Prado to second. Ozuna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Walker lined out to left. Cervelli lined out to right. Álvarez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Happ pitching for Pirates. McGehee singled to center. Realmuto flied out to center. Hechavarría struck out looking. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Mercer lined out to third. Happ struck out looking. Polanco singled to shallow right. Marte singled to right, Polanco to third. McCutchen doubled to deep right, Polanco and Marte scored. Kang grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Happ pitching for Pirates. Gordon grounded out to third. Suzuki walked. Prado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Walker walked. Cervelli walked, Walker to second. Álvarez struck out swinging. Mercer flied out to right. Happ struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Dietrich struck out looking. Ozuna lined out to center. McGehee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Polanco doubled to deep left. Marte walked. McCutchen singled to right, Polanco to third, Marte to second. Kang grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Polanco out at home, Marte to third, McCutchen to second. Walker walked. Cervelli fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Realmuto struck out looking. Hechavarría grounded out to third. Koehler singled to shallow right. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Álvarez struck out swinging. Mercer singled to center. Happ sacrificed to catcher, Mercer to second. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Suzuki flied out to center. Prado flied out to right. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Marte hit by pitch. Marte to second on wild pitch by Ellington. McCutchen flied out to center, Marte to third. Kang walked. Walker hit sacrifice fly to center, Marte scored. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kang out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez at first base. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Ozuna doubled to deep left. McGehee grounded out to second, Ozuna to third. Realmuto grounded out to third, Ozuna scored. Hechavarría grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Cordier pitching for Marlins. Rodriguez hit by pitch. McGough pitching for Marlins. Mercer grounded out to second, Rodriguez to second. Morse hit for Hughes. Morse grounded out to shortstop, Rodriguez to third. Polanco singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Polanco stole second. Polanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto. Marte struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Gillespie hit for McGough. Gillespie singled to right. Gordon lined out to center. Suzuki flied out to center. Prado reached on infield single to second, Gillespie to second. Dietrich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Morris pitching for Marlins. McCutchen grounded out to second. Kang walked. Walker struck out swinging. Cervelli walked, Kang to second. Rodriguez walked, Kang to third, Cervelli to second. Mercer walked, Kang scored, Cervelli to third, Rodriguez to second. Harrison hit for Watson. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mercer out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Harrison at second base. Ozuna singled to center. McGehee singled to right, Ozuna to third. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ozuna scored, McGehee out at second. Hechavarría grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Realmuto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Marlins 2.	Happ pitches 6 innings to help Pirates beat Marlins 5-2