Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Jones walked. Marte doubled to left, Jones to third. Escobar struck out swinging. Peralta struck out looking. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt reached on infield single to third. Yastrzemski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt out at second. Yastrzemski caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Sandoval flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Ahmed grounded out to third. Avila struck out looking. Locastro hit by pitch. Greinke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson fouled out to first. Vogt singled to shallow left. Crawford struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Jones walked. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. Escobar singled to left center. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik grounded out to shortstop. Pomeranz struck out looking. Belt reached on bunt single to catcher. Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Walker fouled out to first. Ahmed grounded out to second. Avila doubled to deep center. Locastro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval struck out swinging. Dickerson flied out to right. Vogt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Pomeranz pitching for Giants. Greinke flied out to left. Jones singled to right. Marte lined out to right. Escobar singled to center, Jones to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford grounded out to catcher. Pillar reached on infield single to third. Panik grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pillar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Walker grounded out to second. Ahmed popped out to second. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Longoria hit for Moronta. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Longoria flied out to right. Belt struck out swinging. Yastrzemski doubled to left. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Locastro reached on infield single to catcher. Greinke sacrificed to first, Locastro to second. Jones safe at second on error by center fielder Pillar, Locastro safe at third on error by center fielder Pillar. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Locastro out at home in rundown. Escobar singled to center, Jones scored, Marte to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson struck out looking. Vogt hit by pitch. Crawford grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Vogt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Melancon pitching for Giants. Walker walked. Ahmed singled to shallow left, Walker to second. Avila reached on infield single to shortstop, Ahmed to second, Walker to third. Locastro struck out swinging. Vargas hit for Greinke. Ildemaro Vargas singles on ground ball to shortstop Brandon Crawford.   Christian Walker scores.    Nick Ahmed scores.    Alex Avila to 3rd.    Ildemaro Vargas to 2nd.  Throwing error by shortstop Brandon Crawford. Jones singled to right, Avila scored, Vargas to third. Marte grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Pillar walked. Panik grounded out to pitcher, Pillar to second. Austin hit for Melancon. Austin walked. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt struck out swinging. Posey hit for Yastrzemski. Posey popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Giants. Austin in right field. Escobar flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Walker fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval singled to center. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hirano, Sandoval to second. Holland pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt homered to right (368 feet), Sandoval scored and Dickerson scored. Crawford struck out swinging. Pillar lined out to center. Panik struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 3.	Greinke pitches Diamondbacks to 4-3 win over Giants