Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Jones lined out to center. Locastro lined out to left. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano grounded out to third. Belt walked. Austin struck out swinging. Posey doubled to deep right, Belt thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Escobar popped out to second. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Longoria walked. Pillar homered to left center (402 feet), Longoria scored. Yastrzemski grounded out to second. Panik grounded out to first. Bumgarner grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Kelly struck out looking. Vargas grounded out to third. Ray grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano popped out to shortstop. Belt doubled to right. Austin walked. Posey singled to left, Austin to second, Belt to third. Longoria struck out looking. Pillar singled to shallow center, Austin scored and Belt scored, Posey to third. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Jones grounded out to third. Locastro singled to right. Marte struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left, Locastro to second. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik struck out swinging. Bumgarner struck out swinging. Solano singled to left. Belt popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Ahmed tripled to deep right center. Kelly struck out looking. Vargas hit sacrifice fly to right, Ahmed scored. Greinke hit for Ray. Greinke struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Austin struck out looking. Posey reached on infield single to third. Longoria flied out to center. Pillar doubled to deep left, Posey to third. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Jones singled to center. Locastro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at second. Marte flied out to left. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Panik walked. Bumgarner struck out bunting foul. Solano grounded into double play, third to second to first, Panik out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Walker struck out swinging. Ahmed flied out to center. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt walked. Dickerson hit for Austin. Dickerson singled to right, Belt to second. Posey walked, Dickerson to second, Belt to third. Longoria singled to left center, Belt scored, Posey to second, Dickerson to third. Pillar singled to left center, Dickerson scored, Longoria to second, Posey to third. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski doubled to left, Posey scored and Longoria scored, Pillar to third. Panik hit sacrifice fly to center, Pillar scored, Yastrzemski to third. Sandoval hit for Bumgarner. Sandoval singled to center, Yastrzemski scored. Solano safe at first on error by third baseman Escobar, Sandoval to second. Belt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Solano out at second, Sandoval to third. Dickerson flied out to center. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Dickerson in left field. Rodríguez pitching for Giants. Vargas singled to left. Lamb hit for McFarland. Lamb doubled to deep center, Vargas to third. Jones singled to right, Vargas scored, Lamb to third. Locastro grounded out to pitcher, Jones to second. Marte grounded out to first, Lamb scored, Jones to third. Escobar walked. Walker singled to left, Jones scored, Escobar to second. Gott pitching for Giants. Ahmed popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Vogt hit for Posey. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt struck out swinging. Longoria struck out swinging. Pillar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Vogt catching. Gott pitching for Giants. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Vargas walked. Peralta hit for Godley. Peralta struck out swinging. Vargas to second on fielder's indifference. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 10.	Pillar drives in 5 as Giants top Diamondbacks 10-4