Giants - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Belt singled to right center. Slater doubled to deep center, Belt to third. Sandoval doubled to right, Belt scored and Slater scored. Vogt grounded out to first, Sandoval to third. Yastrzemski singled to right, Sandoval scored. Pillar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Yastrzemski out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Giants. Blackmon flied out to center. Story doubled to deep right. Dahl walked. Arenado flied out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Panik singled to center. Solano lined out to center. Anderson sacrificed to first, Panik to second. Belt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Tapia reached on infield single to catcher. McMahon doubled to right, Tapia to third. Wolters grounded out to first, Tapia scored, McMahon to third. Gray singled to center, McMahon scored. Blackmon grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gray out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Hampson in center field. Gray pitching for Rockies. Slater grounded out to pitcher. Sandoval walked. Vogt walked, Sandoval to second. Yastrzemski flied out to left. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Giants. Story grounded out to third. Hampson grounded out to first. Arenado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Panik grounded out to second. Solano doubled to center. Anderson struck out swinging. Belt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Murphy grounded out to third. Tapia walked. McMahon homered to left (396 feet), Tapia scored. Wolters doubled to deep center. Gray grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Slater reached on infield single to pitcher. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to second, Slater out at second. Vogt homered to right (442 feet), Sandoval scored. Yastrzemski doubled to deep left. Pillar grounded out to pitcher, Yastrzemski to third. Panik grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Giants. Story tripled to deep left center. Hampson popped out to first. Arenado singled to center, Story scored. Holland pitching for Giants. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. Tapia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Solano homered to center (433 feet). Holland struck out swinging. Belt singled to center. Slater walked, Belt to second. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop, Slater to second, Belt to third. Vogt grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for Giants. McMahon grounded out to first. Wolters grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds hit for Shaw. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Pillar flied out to left. Panik singled to center. Solano singled to right, Panik to third. Dickerson hit for Holland. Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop, Panik scored, Dickerson safe at first on error by shortstop Story, Solano to second. Belt singled to right, Solano scored, Dickerson to third. Slater struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Blackmon grounded out to first. Story flied out to right. Hampson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Sandoval popped out to third. Vogt doubled to deep right center. Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop, Vogt to third. Pillar singled to center, Vogt scored. Pillar scored on error by center fielder Hampson, Panik safe at second on error by center fielder Hampson. Solano doubled to right center, Panik scored. McGee pitching for Rockies. Crawford hit for Moronta. Crawford struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Suárez pitching for Giants. Arenado grounded out to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Belt struck out swinging. Slater struck out looking. Sandoval flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Suarez pitching for Giants. McMahon struck out swinging. Wolters singled to right. Desmond hit for McGee. Desmond grounded out to third, Wolters to second. Blackmon doubled to deep left center, Wolters scored. Story homered to center (458 feet), Blackmon scored. Hampson walked. Melancon pitching for Giants. Arenado lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Rockies 8.	Solano's go-ahead homer keys Giants 11-8 win over Rockies