Giants - Top 1st. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Yastrzemski fouled out to catcher. Vogt popped out to second. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Giants. Dyson singled to right center. Flores doubled to deep center, Dyson scored. Escobar grounded out to first, Flores to third. Peralta struck out swinging. Flores scored on throwing error by third baseman Longoria, Jones safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Longoria. Lamb grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson walked. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dickerson safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Flores. Pillar singled to right, Gennett to second, Dickerson to third. Belt homered to right (389 feet), Dickerson scored, Gennett scored and Pillar scored. Crawford singled to shallow right. Webb fouled out to first. Yastrzemski singled to left, Crawford to second. Vogt singled to right, Yastrzemski to second, Crawford to third. Longoria hit sacrifice fly to center, Crawford scored, Yastrzemski to third. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Giants. Ahmed struck out looking. Avila struck out swinging. Andriese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett struck out swinging. Pillar doubled to left. Pillar to third on balk. Belt reached on infield single to third, Pillar scored. Crawford flied out to left. Webb walked, Belt to second. Yastrzemski fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Giants. Dyson popped out to shortstop. Flores singled to deep right center. Escobar flied out to center. Flores to second on wild pitch by Webb. Peralta walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks. Vogt grounded out to second. Longoria struck out swinging. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Giants. Lamb struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out looking. Avila singled to center. Rojas hit for Andriese. Rojas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Ginkel pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett struck out, Gennett to  on wild pitch by Ginkel. Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop. Belt struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Giants. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Flores singled to center. Escobar grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Flores out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Slater hit for Webb. Slater reached on infield single to third. Yastrzemski singled to right, Slater to second. Vogt singled to left, Yastrzemski to second, Slater to third. Longoria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Slater scored, Vogt out at second, Yastrzemski to third. Dickerson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Yastrzemski in left field. Suárez pitching for Giants. Slater in right field. Peralta grounded out to first. Jones singled to left center. Lamb singled to left, Jones to second. Ahmed grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Gennett singled to left center. Pillar reached on infield single to third, Gennett to second. Belt grounded out to first, Pillar to second, Gennett to third. Crawford grounded out to second, Gennett scored, Pillar to third. Slater singled to left, Pillar scored. Yastrzemski singled to center, Slater to third. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker at first base. Vogt popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Avila grounded out to second. Walker homered to right center (405 feet). Dyson reached on infield single to first. Flores singled to right center, Dyson to third. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center, Dyson scored. Peralta grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks. Longoria singled to right. Solano hit for Suárez. Solano lined out to center. Gennett singled to left, Longoria to second. Pillar singled to left, Longoria scored, Gennett to third. Belt grounded out to second, Gennett scored, Pillar to second. Crawford struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Solano at shortstop. Bergen pitching for Giants. Jones walked. Kelly hit for Crichton. Kelly struck out swinging. Ahmed homered to right (350 feet), Jones scored. Avila lined out to right. Gustave pitching for Giants. Walker lined out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Kelly catching. Alex Avila pitching for Diamondbacks. Slater grounded out to third. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Vogt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gustave pitching for Giants. Dyson flied out to center. Flores flied out to left. Escobar doubled to deep right, Escobar thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Diamondbacks 6.	Belt's grand slam, 6 RBIs lead Giants over D-backs