Giants - Top 1st. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Yastrzemski singled to right center. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to first, Yastrzemski out at second. Longoria homered to left (415 feet), Gennett scored. Dickerson doubled to deep right. Vogt grounded out to first, Dickerson to third. Pillar flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Heyward walked. Castellanos homered to left (362 feet), Heyward scored. Bryant flied out to right. Rizzo popped out to second. Báez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Belt flied out to center. Crawford grounded out to second. Rodríguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Schwarber grounded out to first. Happ walked. Happ stole second. Caratini walked. Darvish singled to left, Happ scored, Caratini to second. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to first, Darvish out at second, Caratini to third. Castellanos singled to center, Caratini scored, Heyward to third. Bryant struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Gennett struck out swinging. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Rizzo singled to center. Báez lined out to center. Schwarber homered to left center (407 feet), Rizzo scored. Happ grounded out to second. Caratini flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Dickerson grounded out to first. Vogt struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Darvish grounded out to third. Heyward grounded out to third. Castellanos singled to right center. Bryant popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Belt struck out looking. Crawford doubled to deep right center. Solano hit for Rodríguez. Solano struck out swinging. Yastrzemski homered to left (382 feet), Crawford scored. Gennett lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Coonrod pitching for Giants. Rizzo hit by pitch. Báez lined out to right. Schwarber lined out to right. Happ walked, Rizzo to second. Caratini singled to left center, Rizzo scored, Happ to third. Caratini stole second. Darvish grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Darvish pitching for Cubs. Longoria struck out swinging. Dickerson safe at first on error by pitcher Darvish. Vogt homered to right (416 feet), Dickerson scored. Pillar homered to center (385 feet). Holland pitching for Cubs. Belt walked. Crawford singled to shallow right, Belt to third. Slater hit for Coonrod. Slater doubled to right, Belt scored and Crawford scored, Slater thrown out at third. Yastrzemski doubled to deep center. Gennett struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Gott pitching for Giants. Heyward singled to center. Castellanos struck out swinging. Bryant singled to deep right, Heyward to third. Rizzo hit ground rule double to deep left center, Heyward scored, Bryant to third. Báez reached on infield single to third, Bryant scored, Rizzo to third. Watson pitching for Giants. Schwarber grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rizzo scored, Báez out at second. Happ struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Chatwood pitching for Cubs. Longoria walked. Dickerson singled to right, Longoria to second. Vogt singled to center, Longoria scored, Dickerson to second. Cishek pitching for Cubs. Russell at second base. Pillar flied out to left, Dickerson to third. Belt hit sacrifice fly to right, Dickerson scored. Crawford walked, Vogt to second. Avelino hit for Watson. Avelino grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Gustave pitching for Giants. Caratini struck out swinging. Russell struck out swinging. Heyward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Kintzler pitching for Cubs. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Gennett flied out to right. Longoria reached on infield single to third, Longoria safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Bryant. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop. Bryant homered to left center (394 feet), Castellanos scored. Rizzo fouled out to second. Báez walked. Schwarber grounded into fielder's choice to first, Báez out at second. Kemp hit for Kintzler. Schwarber to second on wild pitch by Moronta. Kemp singled to right, Schwarber thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Cubs. Vogt struck out swinging. Pillar struck out looking. Belt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Cubs 12.	Bryant's HR in 8th gives Cubs wild 12-11 win over Giants