Giants - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Yastrzemski walked. Posey singled to right, Yastrzemski to third. Belt struck out swinging. Longoria struck out looking. Crawford grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Wong grounded out to first. Goldschmidt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Pillar grounded out to third. Davis reached on infield single to catcher. Joseph lined out to second. Bumgarner flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Ozuna lined out to right. DeJong popped out to first. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Yastrzemski homered to right (412 feet). Posey grounded out to third. Belt doubled to center. Longoria reached on infield single to shortstop, Belt to third. Crawford walked, Belt scored on Webb wild pitch, Longoria to second. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Pillar singled to left, Longoria scored, Crawford to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pillar out at second, Crawford to third. Joseph singled to left, Crawford scored, Davis to second. Joseph to second on wild pitch by Helsley, Davis to third on wild pitch by Helsley. Bumgarner struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Edman doubled to left. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Edman to third on wild pitch by Bumgarner. Helsley struck out swinging. Fowler reached on infield single to catcher, Edman scored. Wong singled to center, Fowler to second. Goldschmidt walked, Wong to second, Fowler to third. Ozuna struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Yastrzemski fouled out to third. Posey singled to left. Belt flied out to right. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. DeJong homered to left (414 feet). Molina flied out to right. Edman grounded out to pitcher. Bader lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Crawford struck out swinging. Pillar singled to left. Pillar to second on wild pitch by Helsley. Davis walked. Joseph lined out to right, Pillar to third. Bumgarner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Arozarena hit for Helsley. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Arozarena doubled to deep left. Fowler flied out to left. Wong singled to right, Arozarena to third. Wong stole second. Goldschmidt tripled to deep right center, Arozarena scored and Wong scored. Ozuna grounded out to third. DeJong flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Yastrzemski struck out looking. Posey singled to right. Belt lined out to right. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posey safe at second on throwing error by shortstop DeJong. Crawford homered to center (410 feet), Posey scored and Longoria scored. Pillar singled to left. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pillar out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Molina doubled to deep left. Edman tripled to deep right, Molina scored. Gustave pitching for Giants. Bader hit sacrifice fly to left, Edman scored. Ravelo hit for Leone. Ravelo singled to left. Fowler safe at first on error by second baseman Joseph, Ravelo to second. Abad pitching for Giants. Wong grounded out to second, Fowler to second, Ravelo to third. Rogers pitching for Giants. Slater in right field. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Fowler scored and Ravelo scored. Ozuna grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 7th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Joseph struck out looking. Slater grounded out to second. Yastrzemski doubled to right. Posey walked. Rickard hit for Belt. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Rickard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Yastrzemski in right field. Rickard in left field. Slater at first base. Rogers pitching for Giants. DeJong singled to left. Molina flied out to center. Edman grounded out to shortstop, DeJong to second. Bader popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Longoria singled to center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Longoria out at second. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Carpenter at third base. Pillar homered to left (440 feet), Crawford scored. Shaw hit for Rogers. Shaw struck out swinging. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Giants. Carpenter singled to shallow left. Muñoz ran for Carpenter. Fowler grounded out to third, Muñoz to second. Wong sacrificed to pitcher, Muñoz to third. Smith pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Muñoz at third base. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Slater grounded out to shortstop. Yastrzemski struck out swinging. Posey walked. Rickard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Garcia at first base. Smith pitching for Giants. Ozuna grounded out to second. DeJong struck out swinging. Molina walked. O'Neill ran for Molina. Martínez hit for Gallegos. Martínez walked, O'Neill to second. Flaherty ran for Martínez. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 9 - Cardinals 8.	Pillar hits go-ahead HR to lift Giants over Cardinals 9-8