Rockies - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Padres. Blackmon doubled to left. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to second advancing on throw. Arenado doubled to left, LeMahieu scored. González struck out swinging. Desmond homered to left (362 feet), Arenado scored. Parra lined out to left. Amarista flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Margot grounded out to second. Spangenberg singled to left. Myers singled to right, Spangenberg to third. Solarte hit sacrifice fly to center, Spangenberg scored, Myers tagged out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Padres. Garneau flied out to left. Senzatela reached on infield single to shortstop. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Senzatela out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Schimpf popped out to third. Renfroe singled to left. Hedges lined out to shortstop. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Padres. Arenado flied out to right. González grounded out to first. Desmond singled to left. Parra singled to right, Desmond to third. Amarista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Weaver grounded out to second. Margot grounded out to second. Spangenberg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Padres. Garneau doubled to left. Senzatela sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Garneau to third. Blackmon safe at first on error by first baseman Myers, Garneau scored, Senzatela advanced to second on Myers error, Senzatela scored, Blackmon to third on throwing error by right fielder Renfroe. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center, Blackmon scored. González flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Myers grounded out to shortstop. Solarte singled to left. Schimpf bunt popped out foul to catcher. Solarte to second on passed ball by Garneau. Renfroe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Padres. Desmond homered to left (390 feet). Parra safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Schimpf. Amarista singled to right, Parra to third. Stammen pitching for Padres. Blash in right field. Garneau singled to left, Parra scored, Amarista to second. Senzatela struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Garneau out at second, Amarista to third. LeMahieu singled to right, Amarista scored, Blackmon to second. Arenado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 5th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Hedges grounded out to third. Aybar homered to right (398 feet). Blash walked. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Blash safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Senzatela. Spangenberg fouled out to left. Myers doubled to deep left, Blash scored, Margot to third. Solarte fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Padres. González flied out to center. Desmond grounded out to second. Parra grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Schimpf flied out to right. Stammen struck out swinging. Hedges grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Sardiñas at second base. Torrens catching. Córdoba at shortstop. Stammen pitching for Padres. Amarista grounded out to pitcher. Garneau walked. Valaika hit for Senzatela. Valaika flied out to right. Blackmon doubled to left, Garneau scored. LeMahieu lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Amarista in center field. Valaika at shortstop. Córdoba flied out to center. Blash grounded out to shortstop. Margot reached on infield single to shortstop. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Yates pitching for Padres. Arenado flied out to right. González singled to center. Desmond struck out swinging. Parra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Myers struck out swinging. Sardiñas grounded out to shortstop. Schimpf grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Padres. Amarista struck out swinging. Garneau struck out swinging. Valaika popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Sánchez hit for Yates. Sánchez struck out swinging. Torrens struck out swinging. Córdoba grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 11 - Padres 3.	Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win