Dodgers - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Taylor walked. Seager singled to center, Taylor to second. Turner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Seager out at second, Taylor to third. Gutierrez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Margot singled to center. Spangenberg reached on infield single to shortstop, Margot to second. Myers flied out to center, Margot out at third, Spangenberg to second. Solarte lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Bellinger walked. Hernández struck out looking. Puig grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bellinger out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hedges struck out swinging. Renfroe walked. Blash struck out swinging. Sardiñas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Barnes doubled to deep center. Kershaw sacrificed to catcher, Barnes to third. Taylor struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Richard struck out swinging. Margot grounded out to second. Spangenberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Turner singled to left. Gutierrez walked, Turner to second. Bellinger singled to center, Turner scored, Gutierrez to third. Hernández lined out to shortstop. Bellinger stole third. Puig singled to center, Bellinger scored. Barnes singled to left, Puig to second. Kershaw grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Barnes out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Myers struck out swinging. Solarte flied out to left. Hedges safe at first on error by second baseman Taylor, Hedges to second on throwing error by second baseman Taylor. Renfroe walked. Blash flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Taylor walked. Seager struck out swinging. Turner walked, Taylor to second. Gutierrez walked, Taylor to third, Turner to second. Bellinger popped out to shortstop. Hernández doubled to deep left, Taylor and Turner scored, Gutierrez to third. Puig grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Toles in left field. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Sardiñas struck out swinging. Córdoba hit for Richard. Córdoba struck out swinging. Margot reached on infield single to second. Spangenberg grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Barnes struck out looking. Kershaw grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Myers grounded out to second. Solarte grounded out to shortstop. Hedges grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Seager flied out to left. Turner struck out looking. Toles lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Renfroe singled to left. Blash struck out looking. Sardiñas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Renfroe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Bellinger flied out to right. Hernández struck out swinging. Puig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Schimpf hit for Stammen. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Schimpf homered to right (411 feet). Margot walked. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Myers walked, Margot to second. Báez pitching for Dodgers. Solarte popped out to third. Hedges walked, Margot to third, Myers to second. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Pederson in center field. Renfroe struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Spangenberg in left field. Díaz pitching for Padres. Blash in right field. Schimpf at third base. Barnes flied out to right. Pederson hit by pitch. Taylor walked, Pederson to second. Seager flied out to right. Pederson to third, Taylor to second on passed ball by Hedges. Pederson scored, Taylor to third on wild pitch by Díaz. Turner walked. Toles walked, Turner to second. Bellinger homered to right (393 feet), Taylor, Turner and Toles scored. Jansen grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Blash singled to center. Blash to second on wild pitch by Jansen. Sardiñas struck out swinging. Schimpf struck out looking. Margot singled to shallow right, Blash to third. Margot to second on fielder's indifference. Spangenberg safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner, Blash scored, Margot to third. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Myers fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Padres 2.	Kershaw, Bellinger lead Dodgers to 10-2 win over Padres