Royals - Top 1st. Diaz pitching for Padres. Merrifield flied out to center. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cain safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Pirela. Hosmer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Pirela homered to center (416 feet). Cordero flied out to center. Solarte grounded out to second. Renfroe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Diaz pitching for Padres. Pérez walked. Moustakas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Spangenberg fouled out to left. Hedges struck out swinging. Córdoba flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Diaz pitching for Padres. Gordon singled to center. Kennedy walked, Gordon to second. Merrifield walked, Gordon to third, Kennedy to second. Stammen pitching for Padres. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Merrifield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Aybar flied out to left. Stammen struck out looking. Pirela flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher. Pérez grounded out to third. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Cordero walked. Solarte popped out to second. Renfroe flied out to center. Spangenberg singled to right, Cordero to third. Hedges popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Escobar homered to left (383 feet). Gordon struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to center. Merrifield singled to left, Kennedy to second. Bonifacio grounded into double play, third to second to first, Merrifield out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Córdoba walked. Aybar singled to right, Córdoba to third. Torrens hit for Stammen. Torrens popped out to shortstop. Pirela doubled to left, Córdoba and Aybar scored. Cordero struck out swinging. Solarte singled to center, Pirela scored. Renfroe popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Torres pitching for Padres. Cain homered to left (394 feet). Hosmer singled to left. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hosmer out at second. Moustakas flied out to right. Yates pitching for Padres. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Spangenberg singled to center. Hedges struck out swinging. Córdoba grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Spangenberg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Yates pitching for Padres. Gordon doubled to deep right. Moss hit for Kennedy. Moss grounded out to second, Gordon to third. Merrifield singled to center, Gordon scored. Szczur in left field. Hand pitching for Padres. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Merrifield out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Cain batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Minor pitching for Royals. Aybar struck out looking. Szczur grounded out to shortstop. Pirela singled to center. Cordero walked, Pirela to second. Solarte singled to left, Pirela scored, Cordero to second. Wood pitching for Royals. Renfroe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cordero out at third, Solarte to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Hand pitching for Padres. Cain reached on infield single to shortstop. Hosmer homered to left center (375 feet), Cain scored. Pérez homered to left (392 feet). Moustakas doubled to deep right. Valdez pitching for Padres. Escobar singled to left, Moustakas to third. Gordon hit by pitch, Escobar to second. Cuthbert hit for Wood. Cuthbert struck out looking. Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Moustakas scored, Escobar scored, Gordon to second, Merrifield to first on error by center fielder Cordero. Bonifacio hit by pitch, Gordon to third, Merrifield to second. Cain homered to left (366 feet), Gordon, Merrifield and Bonifacio scored. Hosmer struck out looking. Pérez grounded out to catcher. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Spangenberg singled to right. Hedges struck out looking. d'Arnaud hit for Valdez. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Spangenberg to second on fielder's indifference. Aybar singled to left center, Spangenberg scored. Szczur walked, Aybar to second. Moylan pitching for Royals. Pirela grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. d'Arnaud at first base. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Moustakas popped out to catcher. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Butera catching. Herrera pitching for Royals. Cordero flied out to left. Solarte flied out to center. Renfroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Padres 6.	Cain hits 2 HRs, slam in 9-run 8th leads KC over Padres 12-6