Padres - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pirela flied out to right. Margot struck out swinging. Myers lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lamet pitching for Padres. Kipnis flied out to right. Lindor singled to center. Brantley tripled to deep right, Lindor scored. Encarnación grounded out to first. Ramírez homered to right center (408 feet), Brantley scored. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Renfroe struck out swinging. Spangenberg lined out to right. Aybar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lamet pitching for Padres. Almonte struck out looking. Zimmer singled to center. Gomes struck out swinging. Zimmer stole second. Kipnis walked. Lindor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Asuaje struck out swinging. Córdoba grounded out to second. Torrens struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lamet pitching for Padres. Brantley walked. Encarnación singled to left, Brantley to second. Ramírez safe at first on error by pitcher Lamet, Brantley to third, Encarnación to second. Chisenhall hit sacrifice fly to right, Brantley scored, Encarnación to third, Ramírez to second. Almonte walked. Zimmer hit sacrifice fly to left, Encarnación scored, Ramírez out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pirela popped out to shortstop. Margot lined out to right. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lamet pitching for Padres. Gomes walked. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor flied out to left. Brantley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Renfroe doubled to center. Spangenberg singled to center, Renfroe to third. Aybar hit ground rule double to right, Renfroe scored, Spangenberg to third. Asuaje flied out to center. Córdoba hit sacrifice fly to left, Spangenberg scored, Aybar to third. Torrens grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lamet pitching for Padres. Encarnación homered to center (423 feet). Torres pitching for Padres. Ramírez singled to center. Chisenhall grounded out to second, Ramírez to second. Almonte grounded out to shortstop, Ramírez to third. Zimmer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pirela grounded out to shortstop. Margot grounded out to second. Myers grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Torres pitching for Padres. Gomes homered to center (433 feet). Kipnis hit ground rule double to deep center. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to first, Kipnis to third. Encarnación doubled to deep right, Kipnis scored. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Ramírez singled to center, Encarnación scored, Ramírez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Renfroe popped out to first. Spangenberg grounded out to second. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Szczur in left field. Córdoba at third base. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Chisenhall safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar. Almonte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chisenhall out at second. Zimmer flied out to left. Gomes safe at first on error by third baseman Córdoba, Almonte to third. Kipnis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Asuaje singled to center. Shaw pitching for Indians. Córdoba struck out looking. Torrens grounded into fielder's choice to third, Asuaje out at second. Pirela singled to deep right center, Torrens to third. Margot grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Lindor grounded out to second. Brantley singled to right. Encarnación singled to right, Brantley to second. Ramírez lined out to center. Chisenhall doubled to deep left, Brantley and Encarnación scored. Yates pitching for Padres. Almonte flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Guyer in right field. González at third base. Chisenhall at first base. Armstrong pitching for Indians. Sánchez hit for Myers. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. Renfroe struck out swinging. Szczur grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Indians 11.	Encarnacion, Ramirez lead Indians past Padres 11-2