Phillies - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Padres. Hernández lined out to second. Galvis lined out to right. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Margot flied out to right. Asuaje walked. Pirela struck out swinging. Solarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Padres. Hoskins lined out to first. Joseph lined out to second. Williams walked. Franco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Myers walked. Spangenberg singled to right, Myers to second. Szczur walked, Myers to third, Spangenberg to second. Hedges hit sacrifice fly to left, Myers scored. Wood struck out looking. Margot grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Szczur out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Padres. Rupp popped out to second. Eickhoff grounded out to shortstop. Hernández walked. Galvis singled to right, Hernández to third. Herrera doubled to deep center, Hernández scored, Galvis thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Asuaje doubled to deep left center. Pirela grounded out to shortstop. Solarte struck out swinging. Myers grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Padres. Hoskins homered to left (410 feet). Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out looking. Franco grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Spangenberg singled to right. Szczur struck out looking. Hedges singled to center, Spangenberg to second. Wood struck out swinging. Spangenberg stole third, Hedges stole second. Margot safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco, Spangenberg scored, Hedges to third. Asuaje grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Padres. Rupp singled to center. Eickhoff bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Rupp out at second. Hernández flied out to right. Galvis singled to left, Eickhoff to second. Herrera singled to center, Eickhoff to third, Galvis to second. Hoskins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Pirela singled to left. Solarte grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Pirela out at second. Myers lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Maton pitching for Padres. Joseph singled to right. Williams singled to left, Joseph to second. Franco lined out to center. Rupp struck out swinging. Kim hit for Eickhoff. Torres pitching for Padres. Kim reached on infield single to shortstop, Joseph to third, Williams to second. Hernández safe at first on error by third baseman Spangenberg, Joseph scored, Williams to third, Kim to second. Galvis flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Pinto pitching for Phillies. Spangenberg walked. Szczur grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spangenberg to second. Hedges singled to center, Spangenberg scored, Szczur to second, Szczur to third, Hedges to second advancing on throw. Sánchez hit for Torres. Sánchez popped out to shortstop. Margot walked. Asuaje hit sacrifice fly to center, Szczur scored, Hedges to third, Margot to second. Pirela singled to center, Hedges and Margot scored. Solarte singled to left, Pirela to second. Myers struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Coleman at shortstop. Stammen pitching for Padres. Herrera grounded out to second. Hoskins homered to left center (401 feet). Joseph grounded out to third. Williams struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Pinto pitching for Phillies. Spangenberg homered to left (364 feet). Szczur flied out to right. Hedges grounded out to third. Coleman hit by pitch. Margot flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Yates pitching for Padres. Franco struck out swinging. Rupp struck out swinging. Blanco hit for Pinto. Blanco popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Asuaje singled to center. Pirela grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Asuaje out at second. Renfroe hit for Yates. Renfroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Renfroe in right field. Szczur in left field. Hand pitching for Padres. Hernández doubled to left. Galvis grounded out to pitcher. Herrera struck out swinging. Hoskins hit by pitch. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoskins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 4 - Padres 7.	Pirela, Padres beat Phillies 7-4; Hoskins homers twice