Phillies - Top 1st . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Rollins doubled to left . Polanco walked . Abreu lined out to shortstop . Rollins caught stealing third , catcher to third , Polanco to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Pierre reached on infield single to third . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre to second . Delgado struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lo Duca out at second , Pierre to third . Encarnacion singled to right , Pierre scored , Cabrera to second . Lowell singled to left , Cabrera scored , Encarnacion to second . Easley struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Thome walked . Bell singled to left , Thome to second . Michaels grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Bell out at second , Thome to third . Pratt singled to left , Thome scored . Wolf flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop . Leiter bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Leiter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Leiter pitching for Marlins . Rollins singled to center . Polanco singled to left , Rollins to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Burrell singled to center , Rollins scored , Polanco to second . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Thome singled to right center , Polanco scored , Burrell to third . Bell walked , Thome to second . Michaels singled to center , Burrell and Thome scored , Bell to second . Pratt struck out swinging . Wolf flied out to center . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Lo Duca lined out to left . Delgado struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Rollins walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins out at second . Abreu singled to deep right , Polanco to third . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to left , Polanco scored . Thome singled to center , Abreu to third . Bell flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Lowell singled to center . Easley singled to left , Lowell to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Easley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Michaels struck out swinging . Pratt fouled out to third . Wolf doubled to deep center . Rollins singled to right , Wolf to third . Rollins stole second . Polanco doubled to left , Wolf and Rollins scored . Aguila hit for Kensing . Abreu flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Aguila struck out swinging . Pierre lined out to third . Lo Duca hit by pitch . Treanor catching . Bump pitching for Marlins . Delgado popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Burrell struck out looking . Thome singled to left . Bell singled to left , Thome to second . Michaels flied out to center . Chavez in center field . Michaels in left field . Pratt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Cabrera doubled to left . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lowell doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored . Easley homered to left center , Lowell scored . Madson pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez walked . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gonzalez out at second . Pierre lined out to center . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Madson flied out to left . Rollins lined out to right . Harris hit for Bump . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Harris struck out swinging . Delgado struck out swinging . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Abreu doubled to left . Chavez sacrificed to third , Abreu to third . Thome grounded out to second . Bell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Easley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Michaels fouled out to first . Utley hit for Madson . Pratt grounded out to shortstop . Utley walked . Rollins singled to center , Utley to third . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Conine hit for Pierre . Treanor walked . Dillon hit for Mecir . Conine singled to left , Treanor to second . Dillon popped out to second . Delgado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Marlins 5 .	Wolf solves Marlins as Phillies find stroke