Phillies - Top 1st . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Rollins flied out to left . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu flied out to left . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Furcal safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Lieber . Giles struck out swinging . Jones singled to left center , Furcal to third . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to left , Furcal scored . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Thome walked . Bell doubled to deep center , Thome to third . Michaels singled to center , Thome and Bell scored . Pratt grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Michaels out at second . Lieber struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Langerhans grounded out to first . Jordan singled to center . Pena struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Rollins fouled out to third . Polanco singled to left . Abreu singled to right , Polanco to third . Burrell singled to right , Polanco scored , Abreu to second . Thome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop . Furcal stole second . Giles doubled to deep right , Furcal scored . Jones flied out to center , Giles to third . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to center , Giles scored . Jones singled to center . Langerhans struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Bell popped out to second . Michaels walked . Pratt singled to right center , Michaels to third . Lieber grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Michaels scored , Pratt to second . Rollins singled to right , Pratt to third , Lieber to second . Polanco singled to left , Pratt scored , Lieber to third , Rollins to second . Gryboski pitching for Braves . Abreu struck out looking . Burrell singled to left , Lieber and Rollins scored , Polanco to second . Thome struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Jordan fouled out to first . Orr hit for Gryboski . Pena singled to center . Orr lined out to second . Sosa pitching for Braves . Furcal lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Sosa pitching for Braves . Bell popped out to shortstop . Michaels flied out to right . Pratt walked . Lieber popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Giles doubled to deep right . Jones doubled to deep center , Giles scored . LaRoche singled to center , Jones to third . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones scored , LaRoche out at second . Langerhans grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Sosa pitching for Braves . Rollins bunt grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to center . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Jordan flied out to right . Betemit hit for Sosa . Pena flied out to center . Kolb pitching for Braves . Betemit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Kolb pitching for Braves . Burrell flied out to center . Thome singled to right . Bell fouled out to first . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Michaels struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Furcal struck out swinging . Giles grounded out to second . Jones singled to left . Bernero pitching for Braves . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Lofton hit for Cormier . Bernero pitching for Braves . Pratt singled to deep center . Lofton reached on bunt single to catcher , Pratt to second . Rollins struck out swinging . Madson pitching for Phillies . Polanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lofton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Langerhans flied out to center . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Bernero pitching for Braves . Abreu walked . Chavez ran for Burrell . Burrell walked , Abreu to second . Thome walked , Abreu to third , Chavez to second . Childers pitching for Braves . Bell singled to left , Abreu and Chavez scored , Thome to second . Michaels homered to left , Thome and Bell scored . Utley hit for Madson . Pratt struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging . Rollins walked . Polanco reached on infield single to second , Rollins to second . Abreu walked , Rollins to third , Polanco to second . Chavez in center field . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Michaels in left field . Utley at first base . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Franco hit for Childers . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Pena singled to center . Franco struck out swinging . Furcal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 12 - Braves 5 .	Michaels drives in five in Phillies rout of Braves