Giants - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Ellison grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to second . Snow grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Rollins fouled out to first . Polanco lined out to first . Abreu reached on infield single to second . Burrell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Alou flied out to center . Durham grounded out to first . Feliz singled to center . Alfonzo doubled to right , Feliz to third . Matheny intentionally walked . Rueter singled to center , Feliz scored , Alfonzo to third , Matheny to second . Ellison singled to left , Alfonzo scored , Matheny thrown out at home , Rueter to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Bell flied out to center . Michaels walked . Lieberthal singled to left , Michaels to second . Lidle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Vizquel grounded out to first . Snow struck out looking . Alou singled to left . Durham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Rollins singled to center . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins out at second . Abreu flied out to left . Burrell singled to left , Polanco to second . Perez at first base . Philadelphia 's Thome ejected by Schrieber in the 4th . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Feliz grounded out to second . Alfonzo popped out to shortstop . Matheny grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Bell singled to right . Michaels flied out to center . Lieberthal doubled to deep center , Bell scored . Lidle flied out to right . Rollins tripled to deep right , Lieberthal scored . Polanco singled to left , Rollins scored . Abreu doubled to left , Polanco to third . Burrell intentionally walked . Perez popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Rueter grounded out to first . Ellison hit by pitch . Vizquel singled to center , Ellison out at third . Snow grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Bell singled to center . Michaels popped out to second . Lieberthal fouled out to left . Lidle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Alou lined out to third . Durham walked . Feliz singled to left , Durham to second . Alfonzo tripled to deep right , Durham and Feliz scored . Niekro hit for Rueter . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Matheny doubled to deep left , Alfonzo scored . Niekro flied out to left . Ellison walked . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Vizquel walked , Matheny to third , Ellison to second . Fassero pitching for Giants . Snow lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Fassero pitching for Giants . Rollins singled to left . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop , Rollins to second . Abreu singled to left , Rollins thrown out at home , Polanco to third . Burrell walked , Abreu to second . Munter pitching for Giants . Perez singled to center , Polanco and Abreu scored , Burrell to second . Bell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Perez out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Alou walked . Durham flied out to right . Feliz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alou out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Munter pitching for Giants . Michaels singled to left . Chavez hit for Cormier . Eyre pitching for Giants . Lieberthal singled to center , Michaels to second . Chavez sacrificed to third , Michaels to third , Lieberthal to second . San Francisco 's Manager Alou ejected by Reilly in the 7th . Polanco flied out to right . Madson pitching for Phillies . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Alfonzo singled to right . Tucker hit for Eyre . Matheny sacrificed to pitcher , Alfonzo to second . Tucker singled to left , Alfonzo to third . Ellison grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alfonzo scored , Tucker to second . Hawkins pitching for Giants . Vizquel grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ellison out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Hawkins pitching for Giants . Burrell singled to left . Lofton ran for Burrell . Perez walked , Lofton to second . Bell sacrificed to pitcher , Lofton to third , Perez to second . Michaels intentionally walked . Utley hit for Madson . Lieberthal lined out to second . Utley homered to right , Lofton , Perez and Michaels scored . Lofton in center field . Michaels in left field . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Rollins flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Snow grounded out to shortstop . Alou flied out to center . Durham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Phillies 10 .	Utley 's pinch - hit grand slam off Hawkins lifts Phillies