Red Sox - Top 1st . Myers pitching for Phillies . Damon flied out to center . Bellhorn walked . Ortiz walked , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ortiz out at second , Bellhorn to third . Nixon singled to left , Bellhorn scored , Ramirez to second . Varitek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Rollins bunt grounded out to pitcher . Michaels singled to right center . Abreu singled to left center , Michaels thrown out at third . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Mueller singled to right . Vazquez struck out swinging . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mueller out at second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Thome flied out to center . Bell struck out looking . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Myers pitching for Phillies . Bellhorn homered to right . Ortiz walked . Ramirez lined out to center . Nixon flied out to right . Varitek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Lieberthal lined out to left . Myers grounded out to first . Rollins popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Myers pitching for Phillies . Mueller doubled to deep right center . Vazquez flied out to center . Wells singled to center , Mueller to third . Damon struck out looking . Bellhorn singled to right , Mueller scored , Wells to second . Ortiz singled to center , Wells to third , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez homered to right , Wells , Bellhorn and Ortiz scored . Nixon struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Michaels lined out to right . Abreu homered to right center . Burrell struck out looking . Thome reached on infield single to first . Bell singled to center , Thome to second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Utley flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Varitek doubled to left . Mueller grounded out to first , Varitek to third . Vazquez walked . Wells grounded out to shortstop , Varitek scored , Vazquez to second . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop , Vazquez to third . Bellhorn grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Lieberthal singled to center . Madson bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Lieberthal out at second . Rollins singled to left . Michaels singled to left , Rollins to second . Abreu doubled to deep right center , Rollins and Michaels scored . Burrell homered to left center , Abreu scored . Thome walked . Bell struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Nixon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Utley walked . Chavez hit for Madson . Lieberthal flied out to left . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Varitek reached on infield single to pitcher . Mueller lined out to right . Youkilis hit for Mantei . Vazquez lined out to shortstop . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Rollins doubled to center . Michaels walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Abreu safe at first on error by shortstop Vazquez , Rollins scored , Michaels to second . Burrell singled to deep left , Michaels scored , Abreu to third . Thome hit sacrifice fly to right , Abreu scored . Bell popped out to shortstop . Utley flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Damon reached on bunt single to first . Bellhorn doubled to deep center , Damon scored . Ortiz reached on infield single to shortstop , Bellhorn to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Bellhorn scored . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz out at second . Varitek homered to left , Nixon scored . Olerud at first base . Mueller struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Lofton hit for Cormier . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Lieberthal flied out to right . Lofton grounded out to second . Rollins doubled to deep right center . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Renteria hit for Vazquez . Michaels grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Millar hit for Timlin . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Renteria struck out swinging . Millar walked . Renteria at shortstop . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Abreu grounded out to second . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Thome walked . Bell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 12 - Phillies 8 .	Ramirez 's 19th career slam lifts BoSox to 7th win in row