Marlins - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo singled to center . Delgado grounded into double play , second to third to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Rollins singled to right . Rollins stole second . Lofton sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to third . Utley grounded out to second , Rollins scored . Abreu struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Cabrera doubled to left . Encarnacion reached on bunt single to third , Cabrera to third . Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Encarnacion caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lowell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Burrell singled to center . Howard flied out to left . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez singled to center . Moehler sacrificed to first , Gonzalez to second . Pierre grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Castillo doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Delgado doubled to deep right center , Castillo scored . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Delgado scored . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal doubled to deep right center . Lidle sacrificed to pitcher , Lieberthal to third . Rollins singled to center , Lieberthal scored . Lofton reached on bunt single to third , Rollins to second . Utley singled to left , Rollins to third , Lofton to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Burrell reached on infield single to shortstop , Rollins scored , Lofton to third , Utley to second . Howard grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Lo Duca singled to left . Lowell singled to center , Lo Duca to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Lo Duca to third , Lowell to second . Moehler struck out looking . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Pierre singled to center , Lo Duca and Lowell scored , Gonzalez to third , Gonzalez scored , Pierre to second on throwing error by center fielder Lofton . Castillo grounded out to second , Pierre to third . Delgado flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Perez flied out to left . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Tejeda grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Cabrera singled to left center . Encarnacion singled to left , Cabrera to second . Lo Duca grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second , Cabrera to third . Lowell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Rollins grounded out to second . Lofton popped out to second . Utley walked . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Tejeda pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez singled to left . Moehler sacrificed to catcher , Gonzalez to second . Pierre walked . Castillo flied out to left . Delgado singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Pierre to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Burrell homered to left . Howard grounded out to shortstop . Perez fouled out to pitcher . Chavez hit for Tejeda . Lieberthal singled to right . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Chavez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion flied out to center . Lo Duca homered to left . Lowell flied out to right . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop . Rollins to second on wild pitch by De Los Santos . Lofton doubled to deep left center , Rollins to third . Utley tripled to deep right , Rollins and Lofton scored . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Abreu grounded out to first , Utley scored . Burrell struck out swinging . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Conine hit for Mecir . Howard struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Conine grounded out to second . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Mota pitching for Marlins . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Perez grounded out to first . Michaels hit for Fultz . Lieberthal walked . Michaels flied out to center . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Delgado struck out swinging . Aguila ran for Cabrera . Cabrera singled to left . Aguila to second on wild pitch by Wagner . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Aguila in left field . Jones pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Lofton flied out to left . Utley doubled to left . Abreu singled to left , Utley to third . Burrell flied out to right . Howard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Phillies 7 .	Phillies ' winning streak ends as Marlins pound out 17 hits