Marlins - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Pierre lined out to right . Castillo bunt grounded out to catcher . Delgado hit by pitch . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . Perez lined out to left . Abreu safe at first on error by pitcher Willis . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion lined out to shortstop . Easley grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Utley grounded out to first . Michaels singled to center . Lieberthal lined out to third . Martinez singled to right , Michaels to second . Padilla tripled to deep center , Michaels and Martinez scored . Rollins fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Treanor grounded out to third . Willis singled to center . Pierre singled to right , Willis to third . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Perez singled to left . Abreu fouled out to third . Perez to second on balk by Willis . Burrell grounded out to third . Utley singled to right , Perez scored . Michaels popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera walked . Encarnacion struck out looking . Easley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal flied out to right . Martinez singled to center . Padilla bunt popped out to catcher . Rollins tripled to deep right , Martinez scored . Perez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Treanor grounded out to third . Willis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Burrell struck out swinging . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo safe at first on error by second baseman Utley . Delgado struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Michaels flied out to center . Lieberthal homered to left . Martinez hit by pitch . Padilla sacrificed to pitcher , Martinez to second . Rollins singled to right , Martinez to third , Rollins to second advancing on throw . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Perez doubled to deep center , Martinez and Rollins scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Burrell walked , Perez to third , Abreu to second . Utley singled to left , Perez scored , Abreu to third , Burrell to second . Michaels lined out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Encarnacion fouled out to third . Easley walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Treanor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal popped out to second . Chavez hit for Padilla . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Aguila hit for Messenger . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Aguila flied out to left . Pierre reached on infield single to third . Resop pitching for Marlins . Sandoval hit for Rollins . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Resop pitching for Marlins . Sandoval grounded out to first . Perez flied out to right . Sandoval at shortstop . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Delgado tripled to deep center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Encarnacion reached on infield single to pitcher . Easley singled to left , Delgado scored , Encarnacion to second . Harris hit for Treanor . Gonzalez safe at first on error by center fielder Michaels , Encarnacion to third , Easley to second . Conine hit for Resop . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnacion scored , Gonzalez out at second , Easley to third . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Conine doubled to center , Easley and Harris scored . Conine to third on passed ball by Lieberthal . Pierre struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Phillies 8 .	Starter Padilla does it all as Phillies pound Willis , Marlins