Phillies - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Rollins doubled to deep right . Lofton grounded out to first , Rollins to third . Utley grounded out to first , Rollins scored . Abreu struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Sullivan grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Burrell doubled to deep center . Howard doubled to deep left center , Burrell scored . Bell grounded out to second , Howard to third . Lieberthal hit sacrifice fly to center , Howard scored . Lidle grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Atkins struck out looking . Piedra singled to left . Shealy doubled to deep left , Piedra scored . Miles reached on infield single to second , Shealy to third . Ardoin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Rollins singled to center . Lofton singled to left center , Rollins to third . Utley singled to right , Rollins scored , Lofton to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Utley out at second , Lofton to third . Burrell singled to left , Lofton scored , Abreu to second . Howard flied out to left . Bell doubled to deep right center , Abreu and Burrell scored . Lieberthal flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Cook singled to center . Sullivan singled to left center , Cook to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sullivan out at second , Cook to third . Holliday homered to left , Cook scored . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Lidle struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to second . Lofton doubled to deep right center . Utley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Piedra singled to right . Shealy singled to center , Piedra to second . Miles singled to left center , Piedra to third , Shealy to second . Ardoin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Piedra scored , Miles out at second , Shealy to third . Cook struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Abreu grounded out to second . Burrell singled to right . Howard doubled to center , Burrell to third . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Bell walked . Lieberthal flied out to center . Lidle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Sullivan struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Holliday homered to center . Atkins lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Rollins walked . Lofton singled to left , Rollins to second . Utley lined out to left . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lofton out at second , Rollins to third . Burrell singled to right , Rollins scored , Abreu to second . Howard walked , Abreu to third , Burrell to second . Geary pitching for Phillies . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Piedra walked . Shealy doubled to deep right , Piedra to third . Miles grounded out to second , Piedra scored , Shealy to third . Ardoin hit sacrifice fly to right , Shealy scored . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Carvajal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Chavez hit for Geary . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Lieberthal flied out to right . Chavez grounded out to second . Rollins reached on infield single to pitcher . Williams pitching for Rockies . Madson pitching for Phillies . Chavez in center field . Lofton fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Sullivan lined out to left . Gonzalez flied out to right . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Rockies . Utley flied out to left . Abreu doubled to right center . Burrell intentionally walked . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Howard struck out swinging . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Atkins grounded out to second . Piedra struck out swinging . Shealy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Chavez struck out swinging . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Mohr hit for DeJean . Ardoin struck out swinging . Mohr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Rockies 7 .	Burrell 's four hits keep Phillies cooking vs. Rockies