Phillies - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins popped out to second . Lofton flied out to center . Utley doubled to right , Utley to third on error by right fielder Tracy . Abreu walked . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Counsell struck out looking . Clayton struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Howard homered to center . Bell popped out to second . Lieberthal struck out looking . Padilla walked . Rollins singled to center , Padilla to second . Lofton singled to left , Padilla to third , Rollins to second . Utley fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Clark grounded out to first . Glaus doubled to deep center . Green singled to center . Tracy singled to left center , Glaus scored , Green to second . Stinnett walked , Green to third , Tracy to second . Vargas safe at first on error by pitcher Padilla , Green scored , Tracy to third , Stinnett to second . Counsell grounded into double play , to first , Vargas out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu grounded out to second . Burrell homered to left . Howard grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Clayton walked . Gonzalez walked , Clayton to second . Clark flied out to left , Clayton to third , Gonzalez to second . Glaus walked . Green homered to left , Clayton , Gonzalez and Glaus scored . Tracy flied out to center . Stinnett popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Chavez hit for Padilla . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal grounded out to second . Chavez fouled out to third . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Vargas grounded out to second . Counsell grounded out to first . Clayton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Lofton flied out to center . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Abreu popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Clark lined out to center . Glaus flied out to center , Gonzalez to second . Green grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell walked . Howard flied out to center . Bell grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Burrell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Phillies . Tracy grounded out to second . Stinnett reached on infield single to shortstop , Stinnett to second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Vargas flied out to right . Green in right field . Terrero in center field . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Perez hit for Lopez . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal homered to left . Perez walked . Groom pitching for Diamondbacks . Michaels hit for Lofton . Rollins singled to right , Perez to third . Michaels hit sacrifice fly to right , Perez scored . Utley flied out to center . Michaels in center field . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Abreu struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Clayton grounded out to third . Gonzalez walked . Clark singled to left , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez to third on error by left fielder Burrell . Glaus homered to right center , Gonzalez and Clark scored . Green singled to left center . Brito pitching for Phillies . Terrero doubled to deep right , Green to third . Jackson hit for Groom . Stinnett walked . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Green scored . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 8th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell homered to left . Howard singled to right . Bell flied out to right . Tucker hit for Brito . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Tucker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Clayton grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Clark walked . Glaus walked , Clark to second . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins struck out swinging . Michaels flied out to right . Utley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Phillies cling to wild - card lead after loss