Phillies - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Michaels grounded out to third . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Castillo singled to left . Pierre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castillo out at second . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bell . Delgado doubled to deep right center , Cabrera thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell popped out to shortstop . Utley grounded out to first . Bell singled to right . Lieberthal flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Conine struck out swinging . Lo Duca grounded out to first . Lowell singled to center . Willis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Martinez grounded out to third . Padilla struck out looking . Rollins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Andino walked . Castillo sacrificed to third , Andino to second . Pierre walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andino to third , Pierre to second . Delgado walked , Andino scored , Pierre to third , Cabrera to second . Conine struck out swinging . Lo Duca struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Michaels struck out looking . Abreu struck out looking . Burrell singled to left . Utley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Lowell struck out swinging . Willis flied out to center . Andino hit ground rule double to deep center . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Bell reached on infield single to shortstop . Lieberthal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bell out at second . Martinez flied out to left . Padilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Pierre flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins flied out to center . Michaels flied out to right . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Conine grounded out to third . Lo Duca flied out to center . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Burrell lined out to shortstop . Utley struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Willis struck out swinging . Andino fouled out to first . Castillo lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Lieberthal popped out to second . Pratt hit for Padilla . Martinez flied out to center . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Pratt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Pierre reached on infield single to first . Pierre stole second . Cabrera flied out to right , Pierre to third . Delgado intentionally walked . Encarnacion ran for Delgado . Conine hit sacrifice fly to right , Pierre scored . Encarnacion stole second . Encarnacion in right field . Conine at first base . Lo Duca struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Rollins singled to left . Michaels walked , Rollins to second . Jones pitching for Marlins . Chavez ran for Abreu . Abreu safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo , Rollins scored , Michaels to third . Burrell singled to center , Michaels scored , Chavez to second . Victorino ran for Burrell . Utley reached on bunt single to pitcher , Chavez scored , Burrell to third , Utley to second on throwing error by pitcher Jones . Bell singled to shallow center , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Howard hit for Martinez . Lieberthal singled to center , Utley scored , Bell to second . Tucker hit for Urbina . Villone pitching for Marlins . Howard safe at first on error by first baseman Conine , Bell scored , Lieberthal to second . Tucker singled to right , Lieberthal to third , Howard to second . Rollins singled to center , Lieberthal and Howard scored , Tucker to second . Michaels struck out looking . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Chavez singled to center , Tucker scored , Rollins to second , Rollins to third on throwing error by center fielder Pierre . Victorino hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Chavez in left field . Victorino in right field . Howard at first base . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Utley grounded out to pitcher . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 4 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Willingham hit for Messenger . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Lowell popped out to first . Willingham walked . Andino struck out swinging . Castillo singled to left , Willingham to second . Pierre singled to right , Willingham to third , Castillo to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Marlins 2 .	Marlins pen implodes as Phils score 10 in 9th