Athletics - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Weeks struck out swinging . Crisp grounded out to first . Reddick walked . Cespedes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Athletics . Aviles popped out to second . Pedroia safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks . Pedroia stole second . Gonzalez lined out to third . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Smith struck out looking . Suzuki singled to left . Barton walked , Suzuki to second . Inge lined out to center . Pennington singled to left , Suzuki scored , Barton out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Ortiz homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Shoppach struck out looking . McDonald hit ground rule double to deep right center . Byrd singled to right center , McDonald scored . Punto grounded out to shortstop , Byrd to second . Aviles singled to left center , Byrd scored . Pedroia singled to left , Aviles to second . Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks , Aviles scored , Pedroia to third . Ross grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop . Reddick grounded into double play , first to shortstop to second , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Ortiz walked . Shoppach struck out swinging . McDonald homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Ortiz scored . Byrd flied out to center . Punto struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Cespedes grounded out to pitcher . Smith struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Aviles grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia flied out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Barton struck out looking . Inge walked . Pennington hit by pitch , Inge to second . Weeks lined out to center . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Shoppach struck out swinging . McDonald reached on infield single to third . Norberto pitching for Athletics . Byrd doubled to center , McDonald scored . Punto walked . Aviles homered to left center ( 381 feet ) , Byrd and Punto scored . Pedroia popped out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Reddick singled to right . Cespedes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reddick out at second . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Ross grounded out to third . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Anderson in left field . McDonald in right field . Recker hit for Suzuki . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Recker singled to center . Barton walked , Recker to second . Inge lined out to shortstop . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton out at second , Recker to third . Weeks walked , Pennington to second . Crisp singled to shallow right , Recker and Pennington scored , Weeks to third . Reddick homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Weeks and Crisp scored . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Cespedes singled to center . Smith hit by pitch , Cespedes to second . Recker safe at first on error by third baseman Punto , Cespedes to third , Smith to second . Padilla pitching for Red Sox . Barton struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Recker catching . Miller pitching for Athletics . Shoppach walked . McDonald flied out to center . Byrd grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Shoppach out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Inge singled to right center . Pennington singled to right , Inge to second . Weeks walked , Inge to third , Pennington to second . Crisp struck out swinging . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Reddick grounded into double play , second to first , Weeks out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Punto struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to center . Pedroia doubled to deep center . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Anderson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Sweeney in right field . McDonald in left field . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Cespedes struck out looking . Smith struck out swinging . Recker doubled to left center . Barton popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Red Sox 11 .	Ortiz stays hot as Red Sox pound A 's    \n\n