Athletics - Top 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Weeks singled to right . Gomes singled to center , Weeks to third . Reddick struck out swinging . Cespedes singled to right , Weeks scored , Gomes to third . Carter walked , Cespedes to second . Inge struck out swinging . Norris walked , Gomes scored , Cespedes to third , Carter to second . Smith grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . Revere flied out to left . Mastroianni singled to left center . Mauer singled to right , Mastroianni to third . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mastroianni scored , Mauer safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Parker . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham out at second , Mauer to third . Plouffe flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Weeks singled to center . Gomes homered to left center ( 389 feet ) , Weeks scored . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . Cespedes homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Carter homered to right center ( 434 feet ) . Inge struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Doumit singled to right . Dozier singled to center , Doumit to third , Dozier to second advancing on throw . Casilla hit sacrifice fly to center , Doumit scored , Dozier to third . Revere struck out swinging . Mastroianni struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Fien pitching for Twins . Norris fouled out to right . Smith lined out to right . Hicks grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Mauer flied out to left . Willingham singled to center . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Fien pitching for Twins . Weeks grounded out to second . Gomes flied out to left . Reddick singled to center . Cespedes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Plouffe flied out to left . Doumit struck out swinging . Dozier singled to center . Casilla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Fien pitching for Twins . Carter flied out to right . Inge grounded out to pitcher . Norris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Mastroianni grounded out to shortstop . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Twins . Smith homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Hicks struck out swinging . Weeks walked . Gomes hit by pitch , Weeks to second . Reddick flied out to center , Weeks to third . Cespedes singled to center , Weeks scored , Gomes to second . Burnett pitching for Twins . Carter walked , Gomes to third , Cespedes to second . Gomes scored , Cespedes to third , Carter to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Willingham popped out to third . Morneau singled to left . Plouffe singled to center , Morneau to second . Doumit doubled to deep right , Morneau scored , Plouffe to third . Dozier grounded out to second , Plouffe scored , Doumit to third . Casilla grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Twins . Norris grounded out to shortstop . Smith flied out to left . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Revere flied out to center . Mastroianni flied out to right . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Burton pitching for Twins . Weeks grounded out to third . Gomes singled to center . Reddick lined out to right . Cespedes singled to left , Gomes to second . Carter walked , Gomes to third , Cespedes to second . Inge grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Willingham struck out looking . Morneau struck out looking . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Plouffe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Norris popped out to second . Smith grounded out to shortstop . Hicks singled to left center . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hicks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Doumit grounded out to first . Dozier flied out to right . Casilla reached on infield single to third . Casilla to second on fielder 's indifference . Revere grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Twins 4 .	Cespedes homers in 4 - hit game as A 's roll