Athletics - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Drew struck out swinging . Smith walked . Reddick lined out to right . Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop , Smith out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Infante lined out to right . Cabrera walked . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Moss grounded out to first . Donaldson singled to center . Barton singled to shallow left , Donaldson to second . Norris struck out looking . Pennington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to second . Peralta flied out to right . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop . Smith flied out to right . Reddick flied out to right . Cespedes singled to left , Drew to second . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Dirks reached on bunt single to first . Laird reached on bunt single to pitcher , Dirks to second . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Dirks to third , Laird to second . Infante doubled to left , Dirks and Laird scored . Cabrera intentionally walked . Fielder walked , Infante to third , Cabrera to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Infante scored . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Barton walked . Norris grounded out to catcher , Barton to second . Pennington fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Garcia struck out swinging . Dirks singled to right . Laird singled to right , Dirks to second . Jackson flied out to right . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Drew struck out swinging . Smith safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Reddick grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Cabrera lined out to right . Fielder grounded out to second . Young doubled to deep center . Peralta singled to right center , Young scored . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Miller . Garcia grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cespedes grounded out to third . Moss popped out to shortstop . Donaldson walked . Barton popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Dirks flied out to center . Laird struck out swinging . Jackson walked . Infante grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Dotel pitching for Tigers . Norris struck out looking . Pennington struck out looking . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Athletics . Cabrera homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Fielder grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Smith doubled to deep right . Reddick struck out swinging . Cespedes flied out to left . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Figueroa pitching for Athletics . Garcia reached on infield single to second . Dirks singled to shallow left , Garcia to second . Laird flied out to center . Jackson walked , Garcia to third , Dirks to second . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia scored , Jackson out at second , Dirks to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Donaldson grounded out to third . Barton struck out looking . Norris walked . Norris to second on fielder 's indifference . Pennington singled to right , Norris scored . Pennington to second on fielder 's indifference . Drew singled to left center , Pennington scored . Drew to second on fielder 's indifference . Smith struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Tigers 6 .	Cabrera leads Tigers ' win