Athletics - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Drew struck out looking . Reddick flied out to left . Cespedes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Infante doubled to center . Cabrera walked . Fielder walked , Infante to third , Cabrera to second . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Moss struck out looking . Carter struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Peralta singled to left . Garcia singled to right , Peralta to second . Dirks sacrificed to third , Peralta to third , Garcia to second . Laird singled to left , Peralta scored , Garcia to third . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to left , Garcia scored . Infante walked , Laird to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Donaldson singled to center . Kottaras struck out looking , Donaldson stole second . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pennington out at second , Donaldson to third , Donaldson scored on throwing error by second baseman Infante . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Fielder flied out to center . Young flied out to left . Peralta popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Cespedes flied out to center . Moss struck out swinging . Carter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Garcia singled to center . Garcia caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Dirks singled to center . Laird flied out to center . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Smith homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Donaldson struck out swinging . Kottaras grounded out to first . Pennington walked . Drew struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Infante grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to left . Fielder doubled to deep right center , Cabrera scored . Young singled to left , Fielder to third . Peralta flied out to left . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Garcia popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Reddick fouled out to catcher . Cespedes singled to center . Moss doubled to deep right , Cespedes scored , Moss to third advancing on throw . Carter struck out swinging . Smith intentionally walked . Donaldson singled to left , Moss scored , Smith to second . Coke pitching for Tigers . Kottaras tripled to deep center , Smith and Donaldson scored . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Pennington struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Dirks homered to right ( 358 feet ) . Laird flied out to center . Cook pitching for Athletics . Jackson fouled out to right . Infante fouled out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Drew flied out to left . Reddick grounded out to second . Cespedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Moss struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . Smith singled to center . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Barton at first base . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Peralta fouled out to first . Garcia struck out swinging . Dirks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Dotel pitching for Tigers . Kottaras singled to center . Pennington singled to right , Kottaras to second . Drew grounded out to first , Kottaras to third , Pennington to second . Reddick intentionally walked . Cespedes hit sacrifice fly to center , Kottaras scored , Pennington to third , Reddick to second . Moss intentionally walked . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Barton walked , Pennington scored , Reddick to third , Moss to second . Smith doubled to deep right , Reddick , Moss and Barton scored . Putkonen pitching for Tigers . Donaldson doubled to deep right , Smith scored . Kottaras grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Laird struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to second . Infante doubled to deep left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 12 - Tigers 4 .	A 's avoid sweep in Detroit