Athletics - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Drew doubled to deep right . Gomes lined out to second . Cespedes tripled to center , Drew scored . Carter singled to left , Cespedes scored . Moss singled to center , Carter to second . Donaldson singled to center , Carter scored , Moss to second , Moss scored , Donaldson to third on error by center fielder Hamilton . Reddick struck out swinging . Norris tripled to center , Donaldson scored . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . Pennington grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kinsler walked . Andrus doubled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre lined out to right . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Rangers . Drew singled to shallow right . Gomes singled to shallow left , Drew to second . Cespedes struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Young singled to shallow left . Murphy singled to right , Young to second . Napoli walked , Young to third , Murphy to second . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young scored , Napoli out at second , Murphy to third . Kinsler walked , Moreland to second . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right , Murphy scored , Moreland to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Font pitching for Rangers . Donaldson walked . Reddick walked , Donaldson to second . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Norris struck out swinging . Pennington walked , Donaldson to third , Reddick to second . Drew singled to center , Donaldson and Reddick scored , Pennington to third . Gomes popped out to first . Cespedes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Beltre struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Young doubled to left . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Carter fouled out to first . Moss doubled to right . Donaldson singled to shallow right , Moss to third . Reddick flied out to left . Norris singled to center , Moss scored , Donaldson to third . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Pennington flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Napoli lined out to left . Moreland struck out swinging , Moreland safe at on error by player player , Moreland to first on error by first baseman Moss . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Drew popped out to third . Smith hit for Gomes . Smith struck out swinging . Cespedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Smith in left field . Parker pitching for Athletics . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton flied out to left . Beltre singled to shallow left . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Carter flied out to right . Moss struck out swinging . Donaldson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Young struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Reddick singled to shallow right center . Norris popped out to shortstop . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reddick out at second . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Drew batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Drew singled to shallow right . Smith grounded out to second , Drew to second . Cespedes grounded out to second , Drew to third . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Barton at first base . Moss in left field . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Hamilton flied out to left . Beltre flied out to center . Cruz walked . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Moss doubled to shallow left . Donaldson struck out looking . Reddick singled to right , Moss to third . Norris hit sacrifice fly to left , Moss scored . Pennington lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Murphy struck out swinging . Napoli struck out looking . Moreland walked . Moreland to second on fielder 's indifference . Kinsler walked . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Rangers 3 .	Athletics capitalize on quick start , beat Rangers