Yankees - Top 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Gardner singled to left . Hicks struck out swinging . Judge singled to left , Gardner to third . Judge stole second . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored , Judge to third . Castro hit by pitch . Sánchez homered to left ( 433 feet ) , Judge and Castro scored . Gregorius popped out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Maybin reached on infield single to third . Calhoun flied out to center . Pujols singled to center , Maybin to second . Escobar singled to right , Maybin to third , Pujols to second . Valbuena hit sacrifice fly to center , Maybin scored , Pujols to third , Escobar to second . Simmons lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Headley fouled out to third . Refsnyder tripled to deep right . Gardner struck out swinging . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Young Jr. singled to right center . Espinosa homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Young Jr. scored . Graterol flied out to right . Maybin grounded out to first . Calhoun grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Judge flied out to right . Holliday walked . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pujols singled to left . Escobar grounded out to third , Pujols to second . Valbuena grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Simmons walked . Pujols scored , Simmons to second on wild pitch by Pineda . Young Jr. singled to right , Simmons scored . Espinosa flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Sánchez singled to left . Gregorius reached on infield single to first , Sánchez to second . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Headley reached on infield single to second , Gregorius hit by batted ball out at second , Sánchez to second . Refsnyder lined into double play , to second , Sánchez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Graterol grounded out to shortstop . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Calhoun singled to left . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Gardner flied out to left . Hicks flied out to left . Judge safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar . Holliday singled to left , Judge to second . Castro singled to left , Judge tagged out at home , Holliday to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena doubled to deep right . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . Young Jr. grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Sánchez reached on infield single to catcher , Sánchez to second on throwing error by pitcher Bridwell . Gregorius struck out swinging . Headley singled to center , Sánchez scored , Headley tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Espinosa struck out swinging . Graterol grounded out to third . Maybin singled to left . Maybin stole second . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Bridwell pitching for Angels . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Hicks reached on bunt single to third , Gardner to second . Judge lined out to left . Holliday popped out to shortstop . Parker pitching for Angels . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Herrera pitching for Yankees . Pujols grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to third . Valbuena walked . Simmons homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Valbuena scored . Young Jr. hit by pitch . Young Jr. stole second , Young Jr. safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sánchez . Espinosa struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Parker pitching for Angels . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Herrera pitching for Yankees . Graterol singled to left . Maybin grounded out to pitcher , Graterol to second . Calhoun flied out to center . Pujols struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Angels . Refsnyder grounded out to second . Gardner flied out to center . Hicks doubled to deep right . Judge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Angels 7 .	Simmons ' two - run homer leads Angels past Yankees , 7 - 5