Athletics - Top 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Crisp doubled to left . Jaso popped out to third . Crisp caught stealing third , catcher to third . Reddick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Altuve struck out swinging . Maxwell singled to center . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maxwell out at second . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Lowrie lined out to left . Moss walked . Young walked , Moss to second . Smith doubled to right , Moss and Young scored . Donaldson grounded out to second , Smith to third . Sogard lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Wallace struck out swinging . Corporan singled to center . Dominguez grounded out to third , Corporan to second . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Crisp walked . Jaso struck out looking . Reddick lined out to right . Lowrie homered to left ( 339 feet ) , Crisp scored . Moss walked . Young walked , Moss to second . Moss to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Harrell . Smith struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Gonzalez struck out looking . Altuve walked . Maxwell grounded out to third , Altuve out at second on force out , Maxwell out at second advancing on throw . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Donaldson grounded out to third . Sogard grounded out to first . Crisp homered to right ( 360 feet ) . Jaso popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to third . Carter grounded out to shortstop . Wallace grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Reddick grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie singled to center . Moss singled to right , Lowrie to second . Young homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Lowrie and Moss scored . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Smith walked . Donaldson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Smith out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Corporan struck out swinging , Corporan safe at on error by player player , Corporan to second on throwing error by catcher Jaso . Dominguez flied out to center . Barnes singled to right , Corporan to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Cespedes in left field . Smith in right field . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Sogard hit by pitch . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sogard out at second . Jaso singled to center , Crisp to second . Cespedes flied out to right . Lowrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Maxwell singled to center . Martinez reached on infield single to third , Maxwell to second . Carter walked , Maxwell to third , Martinez to second . Wallace struck out swinging . Corporan struck out swinging . Dominguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lowrie , Maxwell and Martinez scored , Carter advanced to second on Lowrie throwing error , Carter tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Moss struck out swinging . Young fouled out to third . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Barnes struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Altuve flied out to center . Maxwell walked , Gonzalez to second . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Ambriz pitching for Astros . Donaldson struck out swinging . Sogard flied out to center . Crisp fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Carter tripled to deep center . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Cedeno hit for Wallace . Cedeno popped out to first . Corporan grounded out to shortstop , Carter scored . Dominguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Cedeno at first base . Veras pitching for Astros . Jaso singled to right . Cespedes popped out to second . Lowrie singled to right , Jaso to second . Moss singled to right , Jaso scored , Lowrie to second . Young lined out to second . Smith grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Ankiel hit for Barnes . Ankiel struck out swinging . Pena hit for Gonzalez . Pena flied out to center . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Astros 3 .	Anderson 's gem inspires A 's to sweep of Astros