Athletics - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Crisp grounded out to third . Young grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie walked . Cespedes walked , Lowrie to second . Norris singled to center , Lowrie scored , Cespedes to second . Donaldson singled to shallow left , Cespedes to third , Norris to second . Moss singled to right , Cespedes and Norris scored , Donaldson to third . Freiman walked , Moss to second . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freiman out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . Trout walked . Aybar singled to right , Trout to third . Pujols walked , Aybar to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Crisp homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Young flied out to center . Lowrie grounded out to third . Cespedes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kendrick walked . Callaspo lined out to left . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendrick out at second . Bourjos reached on infield single to third , Iannetta to second . Trout flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Norris grounded out to second . Donaldson flied out to right . Moss popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Aybar reached on infield single to second . Harris ran for Aybar . Pujols singled to center , Harris to second . Hamilton flied into double play , left to third to first , Pujols doubled off first . Trumbo singled to center , Harris scored . Kendrick singled to left , Trumbo to second . Callaspo singled to center , Trumbo scored , Kendrick to second . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendrick out at third , Callaspo to second . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Harris at shortstop . Wilson pitching for Angels . Freiman struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Bourjos singled to center . Trout singled to right , Bourjos to second . Sogard at second base . Harris sacrificed to pitcher , Bourjos to third , Trout to second . Pujols hit by pitch . Resop pitching for Athletics . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bourjos out at home , Trout to third , Pujols to second . Trumbo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Young struck out looking . Lowrie lined out to right . Cespedes reached on infield single to third . Norris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Resop pitching for Athletics . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop . Callaspo struck out swinging , Kendrick stole second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Donaldson flied out to left . Moss singled to right . Freiman struck out swinging . Sogard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Trout tripled to deep right . Harris hit sacrifice fly to right , Trout scored , Harris to second on error by right fielder Young . Pujols safe at first on error by shortstop Lowrie , Harris to third . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center , Harris scored . Cook pitching for Athletics . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Kendrick tripled to right , Trumbo scored . Callaspo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Downs pitching for Angels . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop . Young struck out looking . Lowrie flied out to center . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Crisp stole second . Cespedes walked . Jaso hit for Norris . Jaso homered to right ( 361 feet ) , Crisp and Cespedes scored . Donaldson singled to left . Moss homered to right ( 403 feet ) , Donaldson scored . Freiman flied out to right . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Jaso catching . Cook pitching for Athletics . Iannetta flied out to left . Bourjos struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Burnett pitching for Angels . Sogard reached on infield single to third . Crisp grounded out to second , Sogard to second . Sogard to third on wild pitch by Burnett . Young grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Harris flied out to center . Pujols popped out to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Cespedes singled to left . Jaso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cespedes out at second . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Trumbo singled to right . Kendrick lined out to right . Callaspo grounded out to second , Trumbo to second . Trumbo to third on wild pitch by Balfour . Iannetta walked . Iannetta to second on fielder 's indifference . Bourjos fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Angels 5 .	Jaso helps A 's outslug Angels