Orioles - Top 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . McLouth walked . Machado popped out to second . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McLouth out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Crisp singled to left . Jaso flied out to center . Smith grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Jones struck out swinging . Davis walked . Wieters fouled out to third . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Lowrie grounded out to second . Moss safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy . Young grounded out to third , Moss to second . Reddick walked . Donaldson doubled to deep center , Moss and Reddick scored . Sogard safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Machado , Donaldson to third . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Flaherty struck out swinging . Reimold doubled to deep right . McLouth singled to center , Reimold scored . Machado popped out to second . McLouth stole second . Markakis singled to right , McLouth scored . Jones doubled to left , Markakis scored . Davis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Jaso grounded out to second . Smith struck out looking . Lowrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Wieters flied out to left . Hardy struck out swinging . Flaherty singled to center . Reimold struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Moss fouled out to third . Young grounded out to third . Reddick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Parker pitching for Athletics . McLouth doubled to right . Machado sacrificed to third , McLouth to third . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left , McLouth scored . Jones flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Donaldson walked . Sogard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donaldson out at second . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Davis homered to left center ( 386 feet ) . Wieters singled to right . Wieters to second on wild pitch by Parker . Hardy grounded out to first , Wieters to third . Flaherty walked . Resop pitching for Athletics . Flaherty stole second . Reimold walked . McLouth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wieters scored , Reimold out at second , Flaherty to third . McLouth stole second . Machado lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hammel pitching for Orioles . Jaso struck out swinging . Smith hit by pitch . Lowrie singled to right , Smith to third . Moss fouled out to third . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Resop pitching for Athletics . Markakis singled to center . Jones singled to right , Markakis to third . Davis walked , Jones to second . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Wieters hit sacrifice fly to right , Markakis scored , Jones to third . Hardy singled to left , Jones scored , Davis to second . Flaherty struck out swinging . Reimold walked , Davis to third , Hardy to second . McLouth flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Reddick doubled to left . Donaldson walked . Rosales hit for Sogard . Rosales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donaldson out at second , Reddick to third . Crisp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Rosales at second base . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Machado singled to left . Machado to second on wild pitch by Chavez . Markakis fouled out to third . Jones reached on infield single to second , Machado to third . Davis singled to right , Machado scored , Jones to second . Wieters reached on infield single to first , Jones to third , Davis to second , Jones scored , Davis to third on throwing error by first baseman Moss . Hardy popped out to second . Flaherty grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Jaso flied out to center . Wells hit for Smith . Wells grounded out to pitcher . Lowrie walked . Freiman hit for Moss . Freiman popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Freiman at first base . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . McLouth struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Young flied out to left . Reddick lined out to first . Donaldson singled to left . Rosales singled to right , Donaldson to third . Rosales to second on fielder 's indifference . Crisp popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 10 - Athletics 2 .	Orioles put on offensive show , pound A 's