Orioles - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Athletics . McLouth fouled out to third . Machado grounded out to second . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Crisp lined out to pitcher . Jaso popped out to shortstop . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Jones flied out to right . Davis struck out swinging . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Cespedes struck out looking . Moss singled to center . Donaldson fouled out to first . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moss out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Athletics . Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop . Flaherty flied out to center . Reimold struck out swinging . Hardy caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Sogard flied out to right . Rosales struck out looking . Crisp doubled to right . Jaso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Athletics . McLouth singled to center . Machado singled to right , McLouth to second . Markakis singled to right , McLouth to third , Machado to second . Jones singled to right , McLouth scored , Machado to third , Markakis to second . Davis doubled to deep right , Machado and Markakis scored , Jones to third . Wieters hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Flaherty flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Smith flied out to right . Cespedes struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Athletics . Reimold struck out looking . McLouth singled to right . Machado reached on infield single to second , McLouth to second . Markakis lined out to left . Jones doubled to left , McLouth scored , Machado thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Young grounded out to pitcher . Sogard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Athletics . Davis grounded out to second . Wieters flied out to right . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Rosales doubled to deep left . Crisp doubled to deep center , Rosales scored . Jaso singled to center , Crisp to third . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp scored , Jaso out at second . Cespedes singled to center , Smith to second . Moss walked , Smith to third , Cespedes to second . Donaldson doubled to deep left , Smith and Cespedes scored , Moss to third . Young intentionally walked . Patton pitching for Orioles . Sogard flied out to left . Rosales grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Flaherty popped out to second . Reimold struck out swinging . McLouth singled to center . McLouth stole second . Machado singled to center , McLouth scored . Machado to second on wild pitch by Cook . Markakis lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Crisp walked . Norris hit for Jaso . Norris flied out to center . Smith homered to center ( 403 feet ) , Crisp scored . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Cespedes fouled out to third . Moss walked . Donaldson walked , Moss to second . Young popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Norris catching . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Jones popped out to shortstop . Davis homered to right center ( 419 feet ) . Wieters singled to center . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . Flaherty flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Sogard bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rosales singled to center . Crisp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Reimold lined out to right . McLouth doubled to center . Machado doubled to deep left center , McLouth scored . Markakis grounded out to second , Machado to third . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Norris singled to left . Smith struck out looking . Cespedes homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Norris scored . Moss grounded out to third . Strop pitching for Orioles . Donaldson walked . Reddick hit for Young . Reddick struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 10th . Reddick in right field . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Davis grounded out to second . Wieters struck out swinging . Hardy fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Sogard singled to center . Rosales sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sogard to second . Crisp sacrificed to catcher , Sogard to third , Rosales to second , Crisp safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Machado . Sogard scored on throwing error by third baseman Machado . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 8 - Athletics 9 .	A 's rally late to beat Orioles in 10th on error