Angels - Top 1st . Parker pitching for Athletics . Aybar grounded out to first . Trout grounded out to second . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . Rosales flied out to right . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Trumbo struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to right center . Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Parker . Kendrick struck out swinging . Conger hit by pitch . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Conger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Cespedes grounded out to third . Moss doubled to deep center . Donaldson struck out looking . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Parker pitching for Athletics . Shuck reached on infield single to third , Shuck to second on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Aybar grounded out to first , Shuck to third . Trout safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rosales , Shuck scored . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Norris singled to center . Sogard flied out to left . Norris stole second . Jaso grounded out to second , Norris to third . Rosales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton walked . Kendrick lined out to shortstop . Conger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Smith singled to right . Cespedes doubled to deep right center , Smith scored , Cespedes to third on throwing error by shortstop Aybar . Cespedes scored on Richards ' wild pitch . Moss flied out to center . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Reddick flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Harris struck out swinging . Shuck reached on infield single to first . Aybar singled to right , Shuck to third . Trout doubled to left , Shuck and Aybar scored . Pujols flied out to right . Trumbo walked . Hamilton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Norris singled to center . Norris to second on wild pitch by Richards . Sogard grounded out to first , Norris to third . Jaso doubled to left , Norris scored . Rosales walked . Smith flied out to right . Cespedes tripled to deep left center , Jaso and Rosales scored . Moss struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Conger doubled to deep right . Conger to third on wild pitch by Parker . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Conger out at home , Harris to second . Shuck grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Donaldson flied out to center . Reddick grounded out to first . Norris walked . Sogard reached on infield single to third , Norris to second , Norris to third advancing on throw . Maronde pitching for Angels . Jaso walked , Sogard to second . Norris scored , Sogard to third , Jaso to second on wild pitch by Maronde . Rosales intentionally walked . Enright pitching for Angels . Smith doubled to deep right , Sogard , Jaso and Rosales scored . Cespedes popped out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Parker pitching for Athletics . Aybar walked . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Aybar stole second . Trout tripled to deep right center , Aybar scored . Pujols grounded out to second , Trout scored . Trumbo homered to left ( 428 feet ) . Hamilton grounded out to second . Kendrick singled to center . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Conger struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Enright pitching for Angels . Moss walked . Donaldson struck out swinging . Reddick struck out swinging . Norris fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Harris grounded out to first . Iannetta hit for Shuck . Iannetta struck out swinging . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Cousins in left field . Enright pitching for Angels . Sogard singled to center . Jaso walked , Sogard to second . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Rosales sacrificed to catcher , Sogard to third , Jaso to second . Smith intentionally walked . Cespedes hit sacrifice fly to right , Sogard scored , Jaso to third . Moss flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Trout walked . Pujols flied out to center . Trumbo grounded out to second , Trout to second . Hamilton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Athletics 10 .	Cespedes , A 's send Angels to worst start