Athletics - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jaso struck out swinging . Smith flied out to center . Lowrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Brantley singled to left . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Brantley out at second . Cabrera flied out to shortstop . Swisher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Cespedes flied out to right . Moss flied out to center . Donaldson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Reynolds flied out to right . Santana fouled out to third . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Barton walked . Rosales struck out swinging . Sogard struck out looking . Jaso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Chisenhall flied out to right . Stubbs singled to right center . Brantley grounded out to shortstop , Stubbs to second . Stubbs to third on wild pitch by Griffin . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Smith singled to left . Lowrie singled to right center , Smith to second . Cespedes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowrie out at second , Smith to third . Moss singled to right , Smith scored , Cespedes to second . Cespedes to third , Moss to second on wild pitch by Masterson . Donaldson struck out swinging . Barton singled to center , Cespedes and Moss scored . Rosales hit by pitch , Barton to second . Sogard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosales out at second , Barton to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Cabrera flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jaso grounded out to first . Smith grounded out to first . Lowrie walked . Cespedes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Santana walked . Raburn walked , Santana to second . Chisenhall reached on infield single to pitcher , Santana to third , Raburn to second . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana out at home , Raburn to third , Chisenhall to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Raburn scored , Stubbs out at second , Chisenhall to third , Chisenhall scored on throwing error by shortstop Rosales . Kipnis flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Moss flied out to center . Donaldson grounded out to first . Barton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Cabrera lined out to right . Swisher homered to right center ( 393 feet ) . Reynolds fouled out to third . Santana homered to right center ( 414 feet ) . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Rosales struck out swinging . Sogard grounded out to first . Jaso lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Chisenhall flied out to left . Stubbs popped out to shortstop . Brantley singled to center . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Brantley stole second . Kipnis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Indians . Smith singled to right center . Lowrie struck out swinging . Cespedes struck out looking . Moss flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Cabrera struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Donaldson struck out swinging . Barton grounded out to first . Rosales doubled to deep left center . Sogard hit by pitch . Jaso walked , Rosales to third , Sogard to second . Smith grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Indians 4 .	Indians top A 's after blown call