Athletics - Top 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Crisp homered to right . Jaso grounded out to second . Cespedes flied out to left . Lowrie walked . Donaldson flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Athletics . Aoki lined out to left . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Braun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Reddick flied out to right . Moss homered to right center . Sogard struck out looking . Milone grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to third . Lucroy flied out to center . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Crisp doubled to right . Jaso grounded out to shortstop . Cespedes reached on infield single to second , Crisp to third . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crisp out at home , Cespedes to second . Donaldson reached on infield single to second , Cespedes to third , Lowrie to second . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Weeks popped out to second . Betancourt lined out to center . Estrada singled to right . Aoki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Moss lined out to center . Sogard hit ground rule double to deep right . Milone grounded out to shortstop , Sogard to third . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Braun flied out to center . Ramirez doubled to left . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Jaso singled to center . Jaso to second on wild pitch by Estrada . Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop , Jaso to third . Lowrie doubled to deep right , Jaso scored , Cespedes to third . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Donaldson singled to right , Cespedes scored , Lowrie to third . Donaldson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reddick singled to right center , Lowrie scored . Moss grounded out to first , Reddick to second . Sogard intentionally walked . Milone singled to center , Reddick scored , Sogard to second . Crisp walked , Sogard to third , Milone to second . Jaso singled to left , Sogard and Milone scored , Crisp to second . Cespedes struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Gomez singled to right . Weeks homered to left , Gomez scored . Betancourt lined out to center . Bianchi hit for Badenhop . Bianchi struck out swinging . Aoki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Hand pitching for Brewers . Lowrie singled to center . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lowrie out at second . Reddick doubled to deep left . Reddick to third on wild pitch by Hand . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Segura grounded out to first . Braun grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Hand pitching for Brewers . Sogard grounded out to first . Milone singled to center . Crisp singled to right , Milone to second . Jaso singled to left , Milone to third , Crisp to second . Cespedes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Milone scored , Jaso out at second , Crisp to third , Crisp scored , Cespedes to second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Lowrie grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Lucroy struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Weeks tripled to deep left . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Hand pitching for Brewers . Donaldson popped out to second . Reddick flied out to center . Moss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Maldonado hit for Hand . Okajima pitching for Athletics . Maldonado popped out to second . Aoki singled to right . Segura grounded out to second , Aoki to second . Braun grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Sogard lined out to shortstop . Rosales hit for Okajima . Rosales flied out to center . Crisp reached on infield single to third . Jaso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Rosales at shortstop . Gennett hit for Ramirez . Gennett grounded out to pitcher . Lucroy flied out to center . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 10 - Brewers 2 .	Crisp 's hot bat helps A 's win fourth straight