Cubs - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Valbuena struck out looking . Castro grounded out to third . Schierholtz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Crisp flied out to center . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Cespedes singled to right center . Donaldson homered to left ( 371 feet ) , Cespedes scored . Freiman flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Soriano lined out to right . Rizzo lined out to second . Navarro doubled to left . Bogusevic struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Young homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Reddick flied out to center . Norris reached on infield single to third . Rosales singled to left , Norris to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosales out at second , Norris to third . Crisp stole second . Lowrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Barney fouled out to first . Castillo struck out looking . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Cespedes lined out to left . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Freiman singled to right . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Schierholtz reached on infield single to second , Castro to second . Castro to third , Schierholtz to second on wild pitch by Griffin . Soriano homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Castro and Schierholtz scored . Rizzo walked . Navarro struck out looking . Bogusevic singled to right , Rizzo to third . Barney hit sacrifice fly to left , Rizzo scored . Bogusevic to second on wild pitch by Griffin . Castillo singled to center , Bogusevic scored . Valbuena singled to right , Castillo to second . Castro flied out to right . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rusin pitching for Cubs . Reddick grounded out to first . Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Norris walked . Sogard hit for Rosales . Sogard doubled to shallow left , Norris to third . Crisp singled to right , Norris and Sogard scored . Lowrie popped out to shortstop . Crisp caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Cespedes batting . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Lowrie at shortstop . Sogard at second base . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Schierholtz grounded out to first . Soriano lined out to center . Rizzo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Cespedes grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Freiman singled to right center . Young fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Navarro singled to center . Bogusevic singled to center , Navarro to second . Barney popped out to second . Castillo doubled to deep center , Navarro and Bogusevic scored , Castillo thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Valbuena singled to right . Castro struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Reddick flied out to left . Norris struck out swinging . Sogard fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Soriano popped out to third . Rizzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Parker pitching for Cubs . Crisp popped out to third . Lowrie popped out to shortstop . Cespedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Navarro singled to center . Bogusevic grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . Barney reached on infield single to pitcher , Bogusevic to second . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Parker pitching for Cubs . Donaldson singled to center . Freiman flied out to right . Young popped out to pitcher . Russell pitching for Cubs . Reddick walked , Donaldson to second . Norris homered to left center ( 399 feet ) , Donaldson and Reddick scored . Sogard fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Moss at first base . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Valbuena walked . Castro struck out swinging . Valbuena caught stealing second , catcher to second . Schierholtz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 7 - Athletics 8 .	Norris ' 3 - run HR caps A 's rally to beat Cubs