Blue Jays - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Athletics . Reyes lined out to right . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Bautista homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp flied out to center . Young fouled out to first . Lowrie lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Lind fouled out to third . Rasmus lined out to center . Arencibia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Cespedes lined out to left . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Freiman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Lawrie singled to center . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop , Lawrie to second . Reyes fouled out to third . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Norris singled to left . Reddick flied out to right . Rosales lined out to third . Crisp lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnacion singled to right center . Lind singled to right , Encarnacion to second . Rasmus singled to left , Encarnacion to third , Lind to second , Encarnacion scored on error by left fielder Cespedes . Arencibia fouled out to right , Lind to third . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Young flied out to center . Lowrie singled to center . Cespedes flied out to center . Donaldson singled to left , Lowrie to second . Freiman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Bonifacio homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Reyes walked . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes scored on throwing error by shortstop Rosales . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Lind walked . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Rasmus singled to right , Izturis scored , Lind to second . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Otero pitching for Athletics . Rasmus singled to right , Izturis scored , Lind to second . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Norris singled to left . Reddick lined out to left . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Norris out at second . Crisp lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Lawrie lined out to right . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Young fouled out to first . Lowrie flied out to center . Cespedes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Otero pitching for Athletics . Izturis grounded out to third . Bautista singled to left . Encarnacion singled to right , Bautista to second . Lind grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Donaldson flied out to center . Freiman singled to left center . Norris struck out swinging . Reddick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Rasmus flied out to left . Arencibia lined out to left . Lawrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Rosales struck out swinging . Crisp struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Neshek pitching for Athletics . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to first . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie doubled to deep center . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie doubled to deep center . Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop . Donaldson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cespedes out at second , Lowrie to third . Freiman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Athletics 0 .	Buehrle , Blue Jays snap A 's win streak