Athletics - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp struck out swinging . Norris singled to left . Lowrie struck out swinging . Cespedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Reyes grounded out to first . Izturis walked . Bautista homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Izturis scored . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lind walked . Rasmus struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Donaldson lined out to left . Freiman flied out to left . Young walked . Young stole second . Reddick homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Young scored . Callaspo walked . Crisp lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Lawrie struck out swinging , Lawrie safe at first on passed ball by Norris . Davis walked , Lawrie to second . Arencibia flied out to right , Lawrie to third . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie scored , Davis out at second . Izturis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Norris struck out looking . Lowrie flied out to right . Cespedes singled to center . Cespedes caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Donaldson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Bautista singled to center . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista safe at second on error by third baseman Donaldson . Lind flied out to center . Rasmus singled to right , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to third . Lawrie popped out to second . Davis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Donaldson doubled to right . Freiman grounded out to second , Donaldson to third . Young struck out looking . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Arencibia safe at first on error by second baseman Callaspo . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arencibia out at second . Izturis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo lined out to left . Crisp flied out to right . Norris doubled to left . Lowrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Bautista singled to deep left . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lind struck out swinging . Bautista caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop . Donaldson doubled to left , Cespedes to third . Freiman hit sacrifice fly to left , Cespedes scored , Donaldson to third . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Young hit by pitch . Reddick struck out swinging . Callaspo popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp struck out swinging . Norris singled to left . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Norris out at second . Santos pitching for Blue Jays . Cespedes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Reyes homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Izturis struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . Freiman grounded out to third . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion flied out to center . Lind struck out looking . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Reddick homered to right ( 347 feet ) . Callaspo singled to center . Sogard ran for Callaspo . Crisp reached on bunt single to third , Sogard to second . Vogt hit for Norris . Vogt bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sogard out at third , Crisp to second . Lowrie flied out to center . Cespedes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Blue Jays 5 .	Jays edge A 's despite Reddick 's 2 homers