Twins - Top 1st . Straily pitching for Athletics . Presley popped out to third . Dozier flied out to right . Plouffe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Correia pitching for Twins . Crisp bunt grounded out to third . Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop . Lowrie lined out to left . Moss lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Arcia struck out swinging . Doumit struck out swinging . Willingham walked . Pinto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Correia pitching for Twins . Reddick walked . Reddick caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Smith singled to left center . Vogt struck out swinging . Barton doubled to deep right , Smith thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Parmelee reached on infield single to shortstop , Parmelee to second on throwing error by shortstop Lowrie . Florimon grounded out to second , Parmelee to third . Presley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parmelee scored . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Presley out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Correia pitching for Twins . Sogard grounded out to second . Crisp lined out to shortstop . Donaldson walked . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Plouffe struck out swinging . Arcia struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Twins . Moss walked . Reddick doubled to deep left center , Moss scored . Reddick to third on wild pitch by Correia . Smith reached on infield single to first . Vogt hit sacrifice fly to left , Reddick scored , Smith to second . Barton walked . Sogard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton out at second , Smith to third . Crisp walked , Sogard to second . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Donaldson . Pinto lined out to center . Parmelee singled to left center , Willingham to second . Florimon walked , Willingham to third , Parmelee to second . Presley struck out swinging . Dozier lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Correia pitching for Twins . Lowrie grounded out to first . Moss doubled to deep center . Reddick flied out to right . Smith flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Plouffe flied out to right . Arcia singled to right . Doumit struck out swinging . Arcia to second on wild pitch by Straily . Arcia to third on wild pitch by Straily . Willingham walked . Otero pitching for Athletics . Pinto reached on infield single to first , Arcia scored , Willingham to second . Parmelee walked , Willingham to third , Pinto to second . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Florimon reached on infield single to third , Willingham scored , Pinto to third , Parmelee to second . Presley grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Norris hit for Vogt . Norris popped out to first . Barton struck out looking . Callaspo hit for Sogard . Callaspo homered to left ( 400 feet ) . Crisp singled to right . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Donaldson singled to center , Crisp to second . Lowrie homered to right center ( 394 feet ) , Crisp and Donaldson scored . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Moss flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Norris catching . Callaspo at second base . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Dozier struck out swinging . Plouffe struck out swinging . Arcia homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Doumit singled to center . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Reddick lined out to left . Choice hit for Smith . Martis pitching for Twins . Choice grounded out to shortstop . Norris grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Athletics . Pinto singled to center . Parmelee singled to right , Pinto to third . Herrmann hit for Florimon . Bernier ran for Parmelee . Herrmann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pinto scored , Bernier out at second . Herrmann to second on wild pitch by Cook . Presley walked . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Dozier singled to shallow left , Herrmann scored , Presley to second . Plouffe struck out swinging . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Arcia flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Escobar at third base . Bernier at shortstop . Colabello at first base . Martis pitching for Twins . Barton walked . Callaspo struck out swinging . Crisp homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Barton scored . Donaldson flied out to right . Lowrie grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Doumit flied out to right . Willingham grounded out to third . Pinto fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Athletics 8 .	A 's down Twins , draw closer to AL West title