Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Kata fouled out to third. Cintron struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker lined out to right. Patterson popped out to second. Sosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Finley reached on bunt single to third. Bautista doubled to deep right, Finley scored. Tracy singled to center, Bautista scored. Mayne struck out swinging. Dessens grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez walked. Hollandsworth singled to right, Ramirez to third. Lee singled to center, Ramirez scored, Hollandsworth to second. Barrett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second, Hollandsworth to third. Martinez walked. Clement struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Kata flied out to left. Cintron walked. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Clement. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand singled to left, Cintron scored, Gonzalez to third, Hillenbrand to second advancing on throw. Finley intentionally walked. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Tracy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to center. Patterson walked, Walker to second. Patterson picked off first. Sosa lined out to center. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Mayne struck out looking. Dessens walked. Kata grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dessens out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Hollandsworth singled to center. Lee singled to center, Hollandsworth to third. Barrett lined out to right. Martinez popped out to second. Clement grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Cintron singled to right center. Gonzalez singled to right, Cintron to third. Hillenbrand popped out to second. Finley popped out to third. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to center. Patterson singled to right, Walker to third. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Sosa singled to left, Walker scored, Patterson to third. Ramirez singled to left, Patterson scored, Sosa to second. Hollandsworth grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez out at second, Sosa to third. Hollandsworth to second on wild pitch by Villarreal. Lee homered to left, Sosa and Hollandsworth scored. Barrett struck out swinging. Martinez popped out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Tracy grounded out to first. Devore hit for Villarreal. Mayne struck out swinging. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Devore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Clement safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clement to second. Patterson safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand, Clement to third, Walker to second. Sosa walked, Clement scored, Walker to third, Patterson to second. Ramirez lined out to third. Hollandsworth flied out to right. Lee reached on infield single to third, Walker scored, Patterson to third, Sosa to second. Barrett flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Kata flied out to center. Cintron grounded out to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Hillenbrand flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Macias hit for Clement. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez flied out to right. Macias struck out looking. Mercker pitching for Cubs. Walker grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mercker pitching for Cubs. Finley lined out to left. Bautista popped out to first. Tracy walked. Baerga hit for Randolph. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Mayne reached on infield single to pitcher, Tracy to third. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Baerga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Patterson grounded out to shortstop. Sosa singled to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Hollandsworth walked, Sosa to second. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Sosa to third, Hollandsworth to second. Barrett singled to left center, Sosa and Hollandsworth scored, Lee to second, Lee to third on error by left fielder Gonzalez. Goodwin hit for Hawkins. Martinez singled to right, Lee scored, Barrett to second. Goodwin flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cubs. Kata walked. Cintron struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Cubs 11.	Lee's 5-for-5, 5 RBI push Cubs past D-Backs