Cubs - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Walker popped out to shortstop. Barrett struck out looking. Alou popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Clement pitching for Cubs. Womack singled to center. Cedeno grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Womack out at second. Pujols fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sosa reached on infield single to third. Ramirez singled to left, Sosa to second. Lee struck out swinging. Patterson singled to deep center, Sosa tagged out at home, Ramirez to third. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Rolen struck out swinging. Edmonds lined out to shortstop. Lankford popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Clement flied out to right. Walker struck out swinging. Barrett walked. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barrett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Clement pitching for Cubs. Luna struck out swinging. Matheny struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right. Womack singled to left center, Carpenter to second. Cedeno grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sosa singled to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. Lee singled to center, Sosa to second. Patterson singled to left center, Sosa to third, Lee to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Sosa out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Pujols hit by pitch. Rolen singled to right, Pujols to second. Edmonds grounded out to first, Pujols to third, Rolen to second. Lankford intentionally walked. Luna safe at first on error by shortstop Ordonez, Pujols scored, Rolen to third, Lankford to second. Matheny hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored. Carpenter singled to left center, Lankford scored, Luna to third, Carpenter to second advancing on throw. Womack singled to center, Luna scored, Carpenter to third. Cedeno grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Clement struck out swinging. Walker popped out to shortstop. Barrett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Pujols singled to left. Rolen grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Alou grounded out to third. Sosa struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Clement pitching for Cubs. Lankford grounded out to second. Luna flied out to right. Matheny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee grounded out to second. Goodwin hit for Ordonez. Patterson grounded out to second. Hollandsworth hit for Clement. Goodwin singled to right center. Hollandsworth safe at second on error by first baseman Pujols, Goodwin to third. Martinez at shortstop. Leicester pitching for Cubs. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Leicester pitching for Cubs. Carpenter struck out swinging. Womack flied out to right. Taguchi in right field. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Barrett grounded out to second. Alou flied out to right. Sosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Leicester pitching for Cubs. Pujols safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Martinez. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Lankford struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to left center. Lee lined out to left. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ramirez out at second. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 0 - Cardinals 4.	Cards' Carpenter crafts shutout of Cubs