Cardinals - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Womack walked. Renteria grounded out to third, Womack to second. Womack to third on passed ball by Barrett. Pujols walked. Rolen struck out looking. Edmonds hit by pitch, Pujols to second. Lankford grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Patterson doubled to left, Patterson to third on error by left fielder Lankford. Sosa grounded out to pitcher. Alou struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Sanders singled to center. Matheny grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanders out at second. Carpenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lee flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Barrett singled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Womack flied out to center. Renteria grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Zambrano singled to right. Grudzielanek lined out to right. Patterson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zambrano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rolen reached on infield single to third, Rolen to second on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez. Edmonds homered to right center, Rolen scored. Lankford grounded out to shortstop. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Matheny struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sosa flied out to right. Alou grounded out to third. Lee singled to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Carpenter struck out swinging. Womack flied out to center. Renteria homered to center. Pujols flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Barrett struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Zambrano singled to left, Gonzalez to third. Grudzielanek hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Patterson singled to left center, Zambrano to second. Sosa singled to right, Zambrano to third, Patterson to second. Alou singled to center, Zambrano and Patterson scored, Sosa to third. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alou out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Rolen grounded out to third. Edmonds struck out swinging. Lankford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Barrett singled to right, Ramirez tagged out at home. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barrett out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Sanders struck out looking. Matheny struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Zambrano grounded out to pitcher. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Patterson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Womack walked. Womack to second on passed ball by Barrett. Renteria sacrificed to catcher, Womack to third. Pujols struck out swinging. Rolen homered to left center, Womack scored. Remlinger pitching for Cubs. Chicago Cubs's Zambrano ejected by Brinkman in the 8th. Lankford flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Sosa grounded out to shortstop. Alou homered to center. Lee struck out looking. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Cubs. Sanders lined out to right. Cedeno hit for Carpenter. Matheny reached on infield single to shortstop, Matheny to second on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Cedeno struck out swinging. Taguchi in right field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in right field. Womack struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Walker hit for Hawkins. Gonzalez walked. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Cubs 4.	Ready to Rolen: Cards beat Cubs