Cardinals - Top 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . DeJong grounded out to third , Molina to second . Ozuna singled to shallow center , Molina scored . Gyorko singled to left , Ozuna to second . Wong lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Rizzo doubled to deep right . Bryant grounded out to shortstop . Heyward grounded out to first , Rizzo to third . Zobrist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Fowler grounded out to first . Pham homered to left ( 433 feet ) . Martínez struck out swinging . Carpenter hit by pitch . Molina doubled to deep left , Carpenter to third . DeJong flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Happ lined out to third . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . Russell lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Ozuna flied out to right . Gyorko grounded out to second . Wong grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Caratini walked . Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher , Caratini to second . Rizzo lined out to left . Bryant safe at first on error by third baseman Gyorko , Caratini to third . Heyward singled to left , Caratini scored , Bryant to second . Zobrist struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Fowler struck out swinging . Pham singled to left . Pham picked off first . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Happ grounded out to first . Schwarber lined out to left . Russell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Carpenter lined out to right . Molina singled to left . DeJong struck out looking . Ozuna singled to left , Molina to second . Gyorko walked , Molina to third , Ozuna to second . Wong reached on infield single to shortstop , Molina scored , Ozuna to third , Gyorko to second . Duensing pitching for Cubs . Fowler grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Caratini reached on infield single to shortstop , Caratini to second on throwing error by shortstop DeJong . La Stella hit for Duensing . La Stella grounded out to shortstop , Caratini to third . Rizzo doubled to deep right center , Caratini scored . Bryant singled to center , Rizzo to third . Heyward singled to right , Rizzo scored , Bryant to third . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to center , Bryant scored , Heyward to second . Happ homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Heyward scored . Schwarber lined out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Bass pitching for Cubs . Pham grounded out to second . Garcia hit for Martínez . Garcia grounded out to third . Carpenter homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Molina singled to left center . DeJong lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Russell safe at first on throwing error by shortstop DeJong . Caratini singled to right , Russell to third . Almora Jr. hit for Bass . Almora Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Russell out at home , Caratini to second . Rizzo struck out swinging . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Caratini out at third , Almora Jr. to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Cishek pitching for Cubs . Ozuna grounded out to third . Gyorko struck out swinging . Wong lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Heyward singled to center . Heyward stole second . Zobrist singled to center , Heyward scored . Zobrist caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Happ struck out swinging . Schwarber struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Cishek pitching for Cubs . Fowler struck out swinging . Pham singled to right center . Martínez hit for Lyons . Martínez singled to left , Pham to second . Zobrist in left field . Báez at second base . Wilson pitching for Cubs . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martínez out at second , Pham to third , Pham scored on throwing error by shortstop Russell . Edwards Jr. pitching for Cubs . Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Edwards Jr .. Molina popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Russell doubled to deep center . Caratini reached on infield single to shortstop , Russell scored , Caratini to second advancing on throw . Báez grounded out to third . Rizzo intentionally walked . Bryant singled to left center , Caratini scored , Rizzo to second . Heyward popped out to shortstop . Zobrist flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Edwards Jr. pitching for Cubs . DeJong doubled to left center . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Gyorko flied out to right . Wong singled to right , DeJong scored . Strop pitching for Cubs . Wong to second on fielder 's indifference . Fowler grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Cubs 9 .	Heyward helps Cubs beat Cardinals 9 - 6 in return from break