Cubs - Top 1st . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Rizzo walked . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Rizzo to third . Heyward grounded out to first , Rizzo scored , Zobrist to third . Báez safe at first on error by second baseman Rodríguez , Zobrist scored . Happ hit by pitch , Báez to second . Schwarber reached on infield single to first , Happ scored . Contreras reached on infield single to third , Schwarber to second . Hamels struck out swinging . Schwarber to third , Contreras to second on wild pitch by Kingham . Russell fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Cubs . Luplow safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Russell . Marte singled to left , Luplow to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . Cervelli singled to center , Luplow scored , Marte to third . Osuna grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Rizzo flied out to left . Zobrist singled to right . Heyward doubled to left , Zobrist to third . Báez intentionally walked . Happ walked , Zobrist scored , Heyward to third , Báez to second . Schwarber popped out to shortstop . Contreras walked , Heyward scored , Báez to third , Happ to second . Hamels grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Báez out at home , Happ to third , Contreras to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Cubs . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Mercer walked . Mercer to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Brault struck out swinging . Luplow struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Brault pitching for Pirates . Russell struck out swinging . Rizzo fouled out to catcher . Zobrist walked . Heyward doubled to left , Zobrist to third . Báez walked . Happ lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Cubs . Marte hit by pitch . Marte caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Polanco reached first base on catcher 's interference . Polanco batting . Freese grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Schwarber lined out to left . Contreras grounded out to second . Hamels reached on infield single to second . Russell singled to left , Hamels to second . Rizzo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Cubs . Cervelli walked . Osuna struck out swinging . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Mercer lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . McRae pitching for Pirates . Zobrist grounded out to first . Heyward grounded out to second . Báez doubled to deep right . Báez advanced to third on wild pitch . Happ struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Cubs . McRae lined out to center . Luplow struck out looking . Marte reached on infield single to catcher , Marte to second on throwing error by catcher Contreras . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 6th . McRae pitching for Pirates . Schwarber struck out swinging . Contreras doubled to left . La Stella hit for Hamels . La Stella hit by pitch . Russell walked , Contreras to third , La Stella to second . Rizzo grounded out to third , Contreras scored , La Stella to third , Russell to second . Zobrist flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Kintzler pitching for Cubs . Freese grounded out to second . Cervelli singled to center . Osuna grounded out to catcher , Cervelli to second . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . McRae pitching for Pirates . Heyward struck out looking . Báez singled to center . Happ lined into double play , shortstop to first , Báez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Kintzler pitching for Cubs . Mercer flied out to right . Frazier hit for McRae . Frazier walked . Almora Jr. in center field . Edwards Jr. pitching for Cubs . Luplow flied out to center . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Frazier in left field . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Schwarber singled to right . Contreras homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Schwarber scored . Almora Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Russell grounded out to third . Rizzo lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Duensing pitching for Cubs . Polanco grounded out to second . Moran hit for Freese . Moran singled to right . Cervelli singled to center , Moran to third . Osuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moran scored , Cervelli out at second . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Moran at third base . Rodríguez at shortstop . Bostick in left field . Frazier at second base . Rodriguez pitching for Pirates . Zobrist singled to right . Heyward reached on infield single to first , Zobrist tagged out at third . Báez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heyward out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Chatwood pitching for Cubs . Bostick grounded out to third . Frazier singled to left . Díaz hit for Rodríguez . Díaz walked , Frazier to second . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Díaz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Pirates 2 .	Hamels solid in debut as Cubs throttle Pirates 9 - 2