Mariners - Top 1st. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki walked. Suzuki stole second. Beltre walked. Vidro walked, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki scored, Beltre out at third, Vidro to second. Sexson hit by pitch, Vidro to third, Ibanez to second. Guillen doubled to deep right, Vidro and Ibanez scored, Sexson to third. Johjima safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo, Sexson scored, Guillen to third. Betancourt safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo, Guillen scored, Johjima to second. Lopez flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to center. 5 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Crisp lined out to shortstop. Ortiz doubled to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Beltre flied out to center. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Youkilis walked. Lowell singled to right center, Youkilis to third. Varitek singled to center, Youkilis scored, Lowell to second. Pena singled to right, Lowell to third, Varitek to second. Pedroia walked, Lowell scored, Varitek to third, Pena to second. Lugo hit ground rule double to deep right center, Varitek and Pena scored, Pedroia to third. Crisp popped out to shortstop. Ortiz singled to left center, Pedroia scored, Lugo to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ortiz out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to second. Johjima struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Youkilis struck out swinging. Lowell singled to center. Varitek flied out to right. Pena hit ground rule double to right, Lowell to third. Pedroia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. Lopez lined out to center. Suzuki walked. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lugo flied out to center. Crisp walked. Crisp stole second. Ortiz grounded out to second, Crisp to third. Ramirez homered to left, Crisp scored. Youkilis singled to center. Lowell singled to right, Youkilis to second. Varitek struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez walked. Sexson singled to left, Ibanez to third. Guillen singled to center, Ibanez scored, Sexson to second. Johjima grounded out to first, Sexson to third, Guillen to second. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Sexson scored, Guillen to third. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Pena singled to left. Pena caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to left. Lugo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Crisp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki flied out to center. Beltre walked. Vidro flied out to center. Beltre picked off first. Ibanez batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Ortiz walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson walked. Guillen singled to left, Sexson to second. Donnelly pitching for Red Sox. Johjima flied out to center. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Lowell flied out to center. Varitek struck out swinging. Pena singled to left. Pedroia singled to right center, Pena to third. Lugo popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Donnelly pitching for Red Sox. Lopez grounded out to third. Suzuki flied out to left. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Crisp grounded out to first. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez homered to right. Youkilis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Bloomquist ran for Vidro. Romero pitching for Red Sox. Vidro walked. Ibanez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second. Sexson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Red Sox 8.	Ramirez's dingers key BoSox rally