Mariners - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to third. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez walked. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Weaver. Guillen singled to left, Ibanez scored. Broussard struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Willits flied out to left. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher. Guerrero singled to left, Cabrera to second. Matthews homered to center, Cabrera and Guerrero scored. Kotchman homered to center. Kendrick flied out to right. Napoli grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Johjima singled to center. Beltre singled to left, Johjima to second. Betancourt flied out to center. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Aybar grounded out to first. Willits struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Vidro grounded out to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Cabrera out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Guerrero singled to right center. Matthews struck out looking. Kotchman singled to center, Guerrero to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Broussard walked. Johjima singled to left, Broussard to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Betancourt walked, Broussard to third, Johjima to second. Lopez singled to left, Broussard scored, Johjima to third, Betancourt to second. Suzuki singled to right, Johjima scored, Betancourt to third, Lopez to second. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betancourt out at home, Lopez to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Napoli grounded out to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Aybar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Guillen flied out to right. Broussard doubled to left. Johjima flied out to center. Beltre doubled to left, Broussard scored. Moseley pitching for Angels. Betancourt singled to center, Beltre scored. Betancourt caught stealing second, catcher to second. Lopez batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Willits walked. Cabrera singled to right center, Willits to second. Guerrero homered to right center, Willits and Cabrera scored. Matthews struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded out to first. Kendrick grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Lopez walked. Suzuki lined out to left. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Ibanez doubled to deep center, Vidro scored. Guillen lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Napoli struck out swinging. Hillenbrand popped out to second. Aybar bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. Johjima struck out swinging. Green pitching for Mariners. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Willits singled to left. Cabrera walked, Willits to second. Guerrero grounded out to second, Willits to third, Cabrera to second. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Quinlan hit for Kotchman. Matthews intentionally walked. Quinlan hit sacrifice fly to shortstop, Willits scored. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Quinlan at first base. Shields pitching for Angels. Kendrick flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Betancourt struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to first. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Napoli walked. Hillenbrand singled to right, Napoli to second. Aybar bunted into fielder's choice to third, Hillenbrand out at second, Napoli to third. Willits walked, Aybar to second. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Vidro walked. Ibanez struck out swinging, Vidro to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Guillen struck out swinging. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Angels 8.	Angels rock Hernandez in win over Mariners