Rangers - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Lofton singled to left. Young walked, Lofton to second. Teixeira grounded into double play, to second, Young out at second, Lofton out at third, Teixeira to first. Sosa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki stole second. Vidro grounded out to shortstop, Suzuki to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left, Suzuki scored. Ibanez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Diaz singled to left. Byrd doubled to deep right, Diaz to third. Kinsler walked. Laird fouled out to first. Kata grounded into fielder's choice to third, Diaz scored, Byrd out at third, Kinsler to second. Lofton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Sexson flied out to center. Johjima grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Young singled to center. Teixeira doubled to deep left, Young to third. Sosa grounded out to pitcher. Diaz hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. Byrd singled to center, Teixeira scored, Byrd to second advancing on throw. Kinsler walked. Laird singled to center, Byrd scored, Kinsler to third, Laird to second advancing on throw. Vazquez at third base. Kata at first base. Kata fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to left. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Vidro doubled to left, Suzuki to third. Guillen hit by pitch. Ibanez singled to right, Suzuki and Vidro scored, Guillen to third. Sexson singled to center, Guillen scored, Ibanez to third. Johjima flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Lofton grounded out to pitcher. Young doubled to deep right center. Vazquez safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Young to third. Sosa hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Diaz singled to left, Vazquez to second. White pitching for Mariners. Byrd walked, Vazquez to third, Diaz to second. Kinsler grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Beltre safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Young. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop, Beltre to second. Lopez singled to left, Beltre to third. Suzuki singled to center, Beltre scored, Lopez to second. Vidro grounded out to second, Lopez to third, Suzuki to second. Guillen singled to left, Lopez and Suzuki scored. Ibanez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. White pitching for Mariners. Laird walked. Laird to second on balk by White. Kata hit by pitch. Kata hit by pitch. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Laird scored, Lofton out at second, Kata to third. Young to second on wild pitch by White. Vazquez walked. Sosa grounded out to shortstop, Kata scored, Young to third, Vazquez to second. Diaz grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Sexson singled to center. Johjima safe at first on error by third baseman Vazquez, Sexson to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to left, Sexson to third, Johjima to second. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. White pitching for Mariners. Byrd singled to left. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Kinsler walked, Byrd to second. Laird flied out to center. Kata grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at second, Byrd to third. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Lofton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to left. Broussard hit for Guillen. Vidro grounded out to second. Broussard in right field. Broussard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to pitcher. Vazquez struck out swinging. Sosa singled to right. Green pitching for Mariners. Diaz doubled to deep right, Sosa scored. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Byrd grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Ibanez flied out to left. Sexson homered to left. Johjima singled to center. Beltre flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Johjima doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Green pitching for Mariners. Kinsler doubled to left. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Bloomquist at third base. Laird reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kinsler to third. Kata struck out swinging. Lofton hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Betancourt grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to second. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Vazquez singled to right. Sosa walked, Vazquez to second. Diaz flied out to center, Vazquez to third. Byrd walked, Sosa to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez out at home, Sosa to third, Byrd to second. Cruz in left field. Byrd in center field. Gagne pitching for Rangers. Laird flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Ellison ran for Vidro. Gagne pitching for Rangers. Vidro walked. Broussard struck out looking. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellison out at second. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Mariners 8.	Ichiro's streak reaches 25, but M's fall to Rangers