Rangers - Top 1st. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Kinsler popped out to second. Vazquez struck out swinging. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Suzuki lined out to center. Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher, Lopez to third on throwing error by pitcher Tejeda. Guillen singled to center, Lopez scored. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guillen out at second. Sexson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Teixeira homered to left center. Diaz popped out to second. Byrd lined out to shortstop. Laird singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Broussard grounded out to first. Betancourt doubled to deep right center. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop, Betancourt to third. Burke grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Kata bunt grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler singled to right. Vazquez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher. Lopez struck out swinging. Guillen reached on infield single to third, Guillen out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Young singled to center. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Diaz homered to right, Young and Teixeira scored. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Laird singled to shallow left. Cruz struck out swinging. Kata flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Ibanez singled to center. Sexson flied out to right. Broussard walked, Ibanez to second. Betancourt fouled out to third. Bloomquist hit by pitch, Ibanez to third, Broussard to second. Burke reached on infield single to third, Ibanez scored, Broussard to third, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki walked, Broussard scored, Bloomquist to third, Burke to second. Lopez doubled to deep left, Bloomquist, Burke and Suzuki scored, Lopez to third advancing on throw. Guillen struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Kinsler flied out to left. Vazquez lined out to left. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to first. Sexson struck out swinging. Broussard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. Diaz grounded out to third. Byrd singled to right. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Betancourt doubled to center. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Betancourt stole third. Burke sacrificed to pitcher, Betancourt scored. Suzuki walked. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Suzuki to second, Suzuki to third, Lopez to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Guillen doubled to deep center, Suzuki and Lopez scored. Ibanez singled to center, Guillen scored, Ibanez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. Cruz struck out looking. Kata grounded out to first. Kinsler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Stewart catching. Littleton pitching for Rangers. Sexson struck out swinging. Broussard flied out to center. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Huber pitching for Mariners. Vazquez grounded out to first. Young grounded out to second. Teixeira singled to left center. Diaz homered to left, Teixeira scored. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Bloomquist struck out looking. Burke walked. Suzuki struck out looking. Lopez singled to center, Burke to second. Guillen walked, Burke to third, Lopez to second. Ibanez struck out swinging, Ibanez safe at first on passed ball by Stewart, Burke scored, Lopez to third on passed ball, Guillen to second on passed ball. Sexson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Huber pitching for Mariners. Stewart singled to center. Cruz flied out to right. Kata grounded out to first, Stewart to second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Mariners 11.	Lopez's four hits carry M's over bumbling Rangers