Orioles - Top 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Payton flied out to center. Gomez flied out to center. Markakis reached on infield single to third. Tejada singled to center, Markakis to third. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Suzuki lined out to center. Lopez walked. Guillen struck out looking. Ibanez doubled to deep left, Lopez scored. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Huff singled to center. Hernandez struck out swinging. Gibbons struck out swinging. Bynum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Vidro singled to right. Betancourt singled to right, Vidro to second. Bloomquist grounded out to second, Vidro to third, Betancourt to second. Burke singled to right, Vidro scored, Betancourt to third. Suzuki walked, Burke to second. Lopez singled to left, Betancourt scored, Burke to third, Suzuki to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Burke scored, Lopez out at second, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Payton hit by pitch. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Payton out at second. Markakis struck out swinging. Tejada lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sexson walked. Vidro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sexson out at second. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Mora lined out to left. Huff struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist struck out looking. Burke hit by pitch. Suzuki lined out to left. Lopez reached on infield single to second, Burke to second. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Gibbons singled to right center. Bynum singled to left, Gibbons to second. Payton doubled to deep left, Gibbons and Bynum scored. Gomez singled to center, Payton scored. Markakis grounded out to second, Gomez to second. Tejada doubled to left, Gomez scored. Mora lined out to third. Huber pitching for Mariners. Huff doubled to deep center, Tejada scored. Hernandez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Ibanez fouled out to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Huber pitching for Mariners. Gibbons singled to right center. Bynum reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gibbons to second. Payton singled to left center, Gibbons to third, Bynum to second. Gomez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gibbons scored, Payton out at second, Bynum to third. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Betancourt lined out to shortstop. Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop. Bloomquist stole second, Bloomquist safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Burke struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Huber pitching for Mariners. Tejada flied out to center. Mora flied out to center. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Lopez struck out looking. Guillen flied out to center. Ibanez walked. Ibanez out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Sexson batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Huber pitching for Mariners. Hernandez struck out looking. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Gibbons flied out to right. Payton in left field. Patterson in center field. Bynum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sexson grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Payton doubled to left. Gomez sacrificed to pitcher, Payton to third. Markakis singled to right, Payton scored. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Reitsma. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at third. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Reitsma. Mora doubled to left, Tejada scored. Huff doubled to left, Mora scored. Gomez at first base. Roberts at second base. Ray pitching for Orioles. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Broussard hit for Burke. Ray pitching for Orioles. Bloomquist hit ground rule double to right. Broussard flied out to left. Suzuki singled to right, Bloomquist to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to second. Guillen lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Mariners 5.	Gibbons, Orioles snap slumps against Mariners