Mariners - Top 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Suzuki struck out swinging. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Burke grounded out to third. Loretta walked. Pence reached on bunt single to pitcher, Loretta to second. Lee lined out to second. Ensberg walked, Loretta to third, Pence to second. Lamb homered to right center, Loretta, Pence and Ensberg scored. Ausmus grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Sexson singled to right. Broussard reached on infield single to third, Sexson to second. Johjima struck out looking. Betancourt fouled out to first. Washburn walked, Sexson to third, Broussard to second. Suzuki singled to center, Sexson scored, Broussard thrown out at home, Washburn to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bruntlett grounded out to shortstop. Oswalt singled to center. Burke doubled to left, Oswalt to third. Loretta singled to left, Oswalt and Burke scored. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to second, Loretta out at second. Lee flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Lopez grounded out to third. Vidro doubled to deep center. Ibanez walked. Sexson singled to left, Vidro scored, Ibanez to second. Broussard struck out looking. Johjima popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Ensberg safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Lamb doubled to deep left center, Ensberg scored. Ausmus grounded out to third. Bruntlett walked. Oswalt sacrificed to first, Lamb to third, Bruntlett to second. Burke popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Ellison hit for Washburn. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Betancourt grounded out to third. Ellison struck out looking. Suzuki singled to right. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Loretta grounded out to third. Pence singled to center. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pence out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez doubled to deep right. Sexson grounded out to third. Broussard singled to left, Ibanez to third. Johjima flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Ensberg walked. Lamb walked, Ensberg to second. Ausmus grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Lamb out at second, Ensberg to third. Bruntlett intentionally walked. Oswalt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Bloomquist hit for Davis. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist singled to right. Suzuki singled to left, Bloomquist to second. Lopez flied out to center. Miller pitching for Astros. Vidro singled to right, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Bloomquist at third base. Ibanez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Green pitching for Mariners. Burke singled to left. Burke picked off first. Loretta struck out swinging. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Sexson flied out to center. Broussard struck out swinging. Johjima struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Lee lined out to second. Ensberg grounded out to third. Qualls pitching for Astros. Lamb lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Betancourt reached on infield single to third. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Guillen hit for Green. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Ausmus doubled to right. Palmeiro hit for Qualls. Bruntlett singled to center, Ausmus to third. Palmeiro singled to right, Ausmus scored, Bruntlett to second. Burke sacrificed to third, Bruntlett to third, Palmeiro to second. Loretta walked. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Pence singled to left, Bruntlett and Palmeiro scored, Loretta to second. Lee flied out to left. White pitching for Astros. Palmeiro in left field. Ensberg struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. White pitching for Astros. Ibanez lined out to center. Sexson flied out to center. Broussard singled to left. Broussard to second on fielder's indifference. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Astros 10.	Lamb's granny powers Astros to sweep over M's