Mariners - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Suzuki popped out to second. Vidro singled to left center. Ibanez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. DeJesus singled to left. German singled to left, DeJesus to second. Teahen singled to center, DeJesus to third, German to second. Brown walked, DeJesus scored, German to third, Teahen to second. Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left, German scored. Butler homered to left, Teahen and Brown scored. LaRue homered to center. Gload grounded out to second. Pena singled to center. DeJesus flied out to left. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Guillen walked. Johjima doubled to left, Guillen to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to first, Guillen scored, Johjima to third. Betancourt flied out to right. Lopez popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Feierabend pitching for Mariners. German reached on infield single to shortstop. Teahen hit by pitch, German to second. Burke catching. Brown walked, German to third, Teahen to second. Gordon lined out to second. Davis pitching for Mariners. Butler doubled to deep right center, German, Teahen and Brown scored. LaRue doubled to deep center, Butler scored. Gload struck out swinging. LaRue to third on balk by Davis. Pena fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Suzuki doubled to deep left. Vidro singled to center, Suzuki scored. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vidro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Mariners. DeJesus singled to center. German struck out swinging, DeJesus stole second. Teahen grounded out to second, DeJesus to third. Brown grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Guillen singled to center. Burke singled to shallow center, Guillen to second. Beltre walked, Guillen to third, Burke to second. Betancourt struck out swinging. Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center, Guillen scored, Burke to third. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Gordon hit by pitch. Butler safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt, Gordon to second. LaRue walked, Gordon to third, Butler to second. Gload singled to right, Gordon and Butler scored, LaRue to third. Pena flied out to right. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to right, LaRue scored. Gload to second on balk by Davis. German flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Suzuki singled to left. Vidro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Ellison in center field. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Teahen grounded out to second. Brown grounded out to third. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Guillen flied out to right. Burke flied out to left. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Mariners. Butler grounded out to second. LaRue singled to left. Gload walked, LaRue to second. Pena singled to left, LaRue to third, Gload to second. LaRue scored, Gload to third, Pena to second on wild pitch by Davis. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to left, Gload scored, Pena to third. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. German singled to left, Pena scored. Gathright in center field. German at shortstop. Cortez at second base. Teahen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Royals. Betancourt popped out to first. Lopez singled to left center. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second. Ellison popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. Butler reached on infield single to shortstop. LaRue hit by pitch, Butler to second. Gload safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Butler to third, LaRue to second. Cortez reached on infield single to pitcher, Butler scored, LaRue to third, Gload to second. Musser pitching for Royals. Butler at first base. Gathright lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Musser pitching for Royals. Vidro flied out to right. Ibanez flied out to center. Guillen singled to center. Broussard in left field. Bloomquist at third base. Burke flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Costa hit for Teahen. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. German flied out to right. Costa flied out to left. Costa in right field. Brown lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Musser pitching for Royals. Broussard singled to center. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broussard out at second. Lopez flied out to center. Bloomquist walked, Betancourt to second. Ellison lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Royals 17.	Butler's HR, double, 6 RBIs help Royals slam M's