Mariners - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Vidro walked. Ibanez lined out to center. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Scutaro. Broussard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Stewart singled to center. Kotsay flied out to left. Swisher lined into double play, right to first, Stewart doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Beltre homered to left. Johjima popped out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Cust grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Vidro flied out to left. Ibanez singled to right. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Crosby lined out to right. Scutaro singled to center. Kendall popped out to first. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Broussard struck out looking. Beltre doubled to right. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltre to third. Bloomquist grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Kotsay flied out to left. Swisher walked. Cust grounded out to first, Swisher to second. Johnson doubled to deep left, Swisher scored. Ellis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Vidro flied out to center. Ibanez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Crosby fouled out to first. Scutaro popped out to third. Kendall singled to left. Stewart walked, Kendall to second. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Guillen safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Broussard struck out swinging. Guillen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Beltre doubled to deep right center. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Swisher grounded out to third. Cust struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Betancourt lined out to right. Bloomquist singled to right. Bloomquist stole second. Suzuki safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Scutaro. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Vidro doubled to deep left center, Bloomquist and Suzuki scored. Ellison ran for Ibanez. Ibanez singled to center, Vidro scored. Ellison in left field. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Guillen flied out to center, Ellison thrown out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to right center. Crosby grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Broussard hit by pitch. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Beltre homered to left, Broussard scored. Johjima fouled out to right. Betancourt walked. Bloomquist safe at first on error by third baseman Scutaro, Betancourt to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second, Betancourt to third. Vidro safe at first on error by third baseman Scutaro, Betancourt scored, Suzuki to second. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Ellison struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Kendall fouled out to first. Stewart grounded out to first. Kotsay lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to second. Broussard lined out to left. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Johjima grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Swisher lined out to left. Cust struck out swinging. Johnson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Athletics 1.	Beltre, Mariners pin rare loss on Oakland's Haren