Tigers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Granderson singled to right center. Thames grounded out to shortstop, Granderson to second. Sheffield singled to right, Granderson to third. Sheffield stole second. Ordonez grounded out to second, Granderson scored, Sheffield to third. Guillen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez struck out looking. Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher, Vidro to second. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez singled to right. Casey grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. Infante grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Beltre struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to third. Betancourt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Inge. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Granderson doubled to deep center. Thames grounded out to third, Granderson to third. Sheffield walked. Ordonez reached on infield single to third, Granderson scored, Sheffield to second. Guillen grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Vidro singled to right. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vidro out at second. Guillen singled to left, Ibanez to second. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez singled to center. Casey singled to right, Rodriguez to second, Rodriguez to third on error by right fielder Guillen. Infante lined out to second. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Tigers. Beltre struck out swinging, Beltre safe at first on wild pitch by Miller. Johjima struck out looking. Beltre stole second, Beltre safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez. Detroit's Rodriguez ejected by Winters in the 4th. Rabelo catching. Betancourt fouled out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Thames struck out looking. Sheffield singled to center. Sheffield stole second. Ordonez struck out swinging. Guillen intentionally walked. Rabelo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Tigers. Suzuki flied out to center. Vidro singled to center. Ibanez flied out to right. Guillen walked, Vidro to second. Sexson walked, Vidro to third, Guillen to second. Beltre singled to right, Vidro and Guillen scored, Sexson to second, Sexson scored, Beltre to first on error by shortstop Guillen.A Beltre out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Casey grounded out to first. Infante lined out to left. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Inge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Granderson struck out swinging. Thames singled to shallow center. Green pitching for Mariners. Sheffield singled to center, Thames to second. Ordonez struck out swinging. McBride pitching for Tigers. Guillen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. McBride pitching for Tigers. Suzuki struck out swinging. Vidro struck out swinging. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Monroe hit for Casey. Reitsma pitching for Mariners. Rabelo lined out to shortstop. Monroe walked. Infante popped out to second. Thames at first base. Monroe in left field. Capellan pitching for Tigers. Inge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Ellison ran for Guillen. Capellan pitching for Tigers. Guillen hit by pitch. Sexson lined out to center. Ellison stole second. Beltre intentionally walked. Johjima fouled out to catcher. Ellison in right field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Granderson flied out to right. Thames doubled to deep left. Sheffield flied out to right. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - Mariners 3.	Beltre, Mariners snap Tigers' five game win streak