Mariners - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to center. Vidro walked, Suzuki to second. Ibanez walked, Suzuki to third, Vidro to second. Guillen singled to left, Suzuki and Vidro scored, Ibanez to second. Beltre singled to left, Ibanez to third, Guillen to second. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltre out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lofton grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira singled to center. Sosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Betancourt struck out looking. Suzuki lined out to center. Vidro singled to right, Lopez to second. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Byrd struck out swinging. Melhuse grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson singled to right. Hairston grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Guillen grounded out to second. Beltre walked. Sexson grounded out to pitcher, Beltre to second. Johjima grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Metcalf doubled to deep right center. Lofton struck out swinging. Young singled to left, Metcalf scored. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Sosa doubled to deep left, Young and Teixeira scored. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sosa out at second. Melhuse flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lopez flied out to right. Betancourt grounded out to third. Suzuki reached on infield single to second. Suzuki stole second. Vidro singled to center, Suzuki scored, Vidro to second advancing on throw. Ibanez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Hairston reached on infield single to third. Metcalf grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hairston out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Guillen walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Sexson flied out to center. Johjima popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lofton singled to left. Young singled to left, Lofton to second. Teixeira flied out to center. Sosa homered to left, Lofton and Young scored. Byrd singled to shallow right. Byrd stole second. Melhuse struck out swinging. Wilkerson homered to center, Byrd scored. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Hairston flied out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Betancourt popped out to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Suzuki struck out swinging. Vidro doubled to deep center, Lopez scored. Ibanez singled to left, Vidro to third. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Metcalf struck out swinging. Lofton singled to center. Young grounded out to second, Lofton to second. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Beltre lined out to first. Sexson doubled to left. Johjima fouled out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Sosa grounded out to second. Byrd struck out swinging. Melhuse flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Betancourt flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to left. Vidro singled to right center. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Hairston popped out to second. Metcalf doubled to deep left. Lofton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Rangers. Guillen singled to left. Beltre doubled to deep left, Guillen to third. Sexson homered to center, Guillen and Beltre scored. Johjima singled to left. Bloomquist ran for Johjima. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bloomquist out at second. Broussard hit for Betancourt. Broussard flied into double play, right to first, Lopez doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Rangers 8.	Sosa's five-RBI night leads Rangers over Mariners