Angels - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Suzuki flied out to left. Vidro popped out to shortstop. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Matthews grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ibanez singled to center. Beltre singled to right center, Ibanez to second. Broussard flied out to center. Johjima doubled to deep left, Ibanez and Beltre scored. Lopez popped out to third. Betancourt doubled to deep left center, Johjima scored. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Izturis popped out to second. Mathis grounded out to second. Willits grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Vidro grounded out to second. Guillen singled to left. Ibanez doubled to deep center, Guillen scored. Beltre flied out to right. Broussard singled to center, Ibanez scored. Johjima walked, Broussard to second. Lopez fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Figgins doubled to left. Cabrera singled to right, Figgins to third. Guerrero doubled to first, Figgins scored, Cabrera to third. Anderson grounded out to first, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Kotchman flied out to center, Guerrero thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Vidro singled to right, Suzuki to third. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Matthews reached on infield single to second. Izturis struck out swinging. Mathis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ibanez grounded out to second. Beltre lined out to right. Broussard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Willits grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Johjima grounded out to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Betancourt lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Guerrero reached on infield single to third. Anderson homered to right, Guerrero scored. Kotchman struck out swinging. Matthews struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Vidro reached on infield single to second, Suzuki to second. Guillen singled to center, Suzuki scored, Vidro to second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Ibanez struck out looking. Beltre flied out to right. Sexson hit for Broussard. Sexson struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Sexson at first base. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits struck out looking. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Johjima flied out to center. Lopez fouled out to right. Betancourt doubled to center. Betancourt to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Suzuki singled to center, Betancourt scored. Vidro flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Guerrero singled to right, Cabrera scored. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. Kotchman singled to center. Matthews homered to left, Kotchman scored. Izturis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 10th. Green pitching for Mariners. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits walked. Figgins singled to right, Willits to third. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Shields pitching for Angels. Sexson grounded out to pitcher. Johjima doubled to deep right center. Bloomquist ran for Johjima. Bloomquist to third on wild pitch by Shields. Bloomquist caught stealing home, catcher to third. Lopez lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 11th. Burke catching. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Anderson singled to center. Kotchman sacrificed to first, Anderson to second. Matthews intentionally walked. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Izturis walked, Anderson to third, Matthews to second. Haynes hit for Mathis. Haynes struck out swinging. Willits grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 11th. Budde catching. Shields pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki singled to left center. Vidro lined out to center. Guillen singled to center, Suzuki to second. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 12th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Figgins struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Guerrero singled to center. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 12th. Speier pitching for Angels. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop. Sexson struck out swinging. Burke hit by pitch, Beltre to second. Lopez reached on infield single to third, Beltre to third, Burke to second. Betancourt singled to left, Beltre scored, Burke to third, Lopez to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Mariners 8.	After Angels rally in 9th, Mariners grab win in 12