Red Sox - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Pedroia singled to center. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia to second. Ortiz flied out to left. Ramirez singled to center, Pedroia to third, Youkilis to second. Lowell singled to right center, Pedroia scored, Youkilis out at third, Ramirez to third, Lowell to second advancing on throw. Varitek grounded out to third. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki grounded out to second. Vidro singled to left. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Pena hit by pitch. Crisp singled to center, Pena to second. Lugo reached on bunt single to third, Pena to third, Crisp to second. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pena scored, Lugo out at second, Crisp to third. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Beltre fouled out to catcher. Sexson popped out to first. Johjima singled to center. Jones singled to left, Johjima to second. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Ortiz homered to right center. Ramirez lined out to center. Lowell grounded out to third. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt singled to left. Suzuki singled to right, Betancourt to third. Vidro lined out to second. Guillen struck out looking. Beltre singled to left, Betancourt scored, Suzuki to second. Sexson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Pena grounded out to pitcher. Crisp popped out to second. Lugo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Johjima fouled out to third. Jones singled to left. Lopez walked, Jones to second. Betancourt homered to left, Jones and Lopez scored. Suzuki lined out to center. Vidro walked. Guillen struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Pedroia singled to left. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia to second. Ortiz singled to left, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ortiz out at second, Youkilis to third. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Green pitching for Mariners. Varitek singled to right. Drew hit for Pena. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varitek out at second. Crisp flied out to center. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Drew in right field. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Jones safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Lopez sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones to third. Betancourt grounded out to second, Jones scored, Lopez to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Vidro singled to right, Lopez to third, Suzuki to second. Guillen lined into double play, to shortstop, Suzuki doubled off second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis grounded out to third. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Ortiz singled to right. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Beltre singled to left. Sexson struck out swinging. Beltre stole second. Johjima homered to left, Beltre scored. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Lopez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Lowell struck out swinging. Varitek walked. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Drew struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki bunt popped out foul to catcher. Vidro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to second. Youkilis walked. Youkilis to second on fielder's indifference. Ortiz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Mariners 7.	Betancourt's career night sends M's past Red Sox