Angels - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Mariners. Willits singled to center. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willits out at second. Guerrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out swinging. Vidro singled to center. Guillen struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Anderson homered to right. Izturis popped out to shortstop. Matthews fouled out to third. Morales popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Beltre flied out to center. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Johjima grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Mariners. Kendrick popped out to shortstop. Mathis hit by pitch. Willits struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Mathis to second. Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop, Mathis to third, Cabrera to second. Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right, Mathis and Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Izturis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Lopez singled to left center. Betancourt struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center, Lopez to third. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at home, Suzuki to third, Vidro to second. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Matthews doubled to center. Morales singled to center, Matthews to third. Kendrick struck out swinging. Mathis sacrificed to pitcher, Matthews scored, Morales to second. Willits grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Ibanez singled to left. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. Sexson flied out to right. Beltre stole second. Johjima struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Cabrera lined out to second. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to first. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Izturis tripled to deep right center. Matthews flied out to center. Morales singled to left, Izturis scored. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Morales to third. Mathis popped out to first. Morales scored, Kendrick to third on wild pitch by Batista. Willits struck out looking. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Vidro singled to center. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vidro out at second. Ibanez singled to right. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero singled to center, Cabrera to second. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sexson popped out to third. Johjima singled to right. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Matthews struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Mathis flied out to center. Willits lined out to first. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Guillen flied out to right. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Mariners 0.	Lackey blanks M's as Halos pick up ground in West