Angels - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Willits popped out to second. Cabrera singled to shallow right. Guerrero singled to right center, Cabrera to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Suzuki tripled to deep right center. Vidro walked. Guillen doubled to deep right center, Suzuki and Vidro scored, Guillen to third advancing on throw. Ibanez walked. Beltre tripled to deep right, Guillen and Ibanez scored. Sexson grounded out to first. Johjima singled to center, Beltre scored. Moseley pitching for Angels. Bloomquist flied out to right. Betancourt lined out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Izturis struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to second. Morales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out looking. Vidro struck out looking. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Kendrick walked. Mathis singled to right, Kendrick to third, Kendrick scored, Mathis to second on throwing error by right fielder Guillen. Willits fouled out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Guerrero popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Ibanez fouled out to left. Beltre walked. Sexson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to first. Izturis popped out to shortstop. Matthews homered to right. Morales homered to right. Kendrick grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Johjima singled to left. Johjima caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Mathis doubled to deep right center. Willits flied out to right, Mathis to third. Cabrera singled to center, Mathis scored. Guerrero doubled to deep center, Cabrera to third. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero to third. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to second. Vidro grounded out to third. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Matthews struck out swinging. Morales reached on infield single to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Kendrick struck out swinging. Morales caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Moseley pitching for Angels. Ibanez singled to center. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ibanez out at second. Sexson grounded out to third, Beltre to second. Speier pitching for Angels. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Green pitching for Mariners. Mathis walked. Willits sacrificed to pitcher, Mathis to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero doubled to deep left center, Mathis scored. Anderson intentionally walked. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Izturis fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Bloomquist struck out looking. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Suzuki singled to center, Betancourt scored. Suzuki caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vidro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Matthews walked. Matthews stole second. Morales doubled to left, Matthews scored. Kendrick flied out to right. Mathis struck out looking. Willits walked. Cabrera singled to right, Morales to third, Willits to second. White pitching for Mariners. Guerrero singled to left, Morales and Willits scored, Cabrera to second. Cabrera to third, Guerrero to second on wild pitch by White. Anderson intentionally walked. Izturis singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Guerrero thrown out at home, Anderson to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Guillen walked. Ibanez lined out to center. Guillen stole second. Beltre grounded out to second, Guillen to third. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Matthews struck out swinging. Morales flied out to right. Kendrick popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Johjima singled to left. Broussard hit for Bloomquist. Broussard struck out swinging. Betancourt popped out to first. Johjima to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Mariners 6.	Halos rally from 5-runs back, increase West lead