Mariners - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to left. Beltre grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez singled to right. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to left. Guerrero reached on infield single to catcher. Anderson popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Broussard struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to left. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Kotchman homered to right. Matthews walked. Izturis homered to right center, Matthews scored. Kendrick flied out to center. Mathis flied out to center. Figgins struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Burke grounded out to second. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Cabrera singled to left. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher, Cabrera to second. Anderson fouled out to third. Kotchman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Beltre struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to first. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Matthews grounded out to second. Izturis fouled out to third. Kendrick hit by pitch. Mathis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Broussard doubled to deep right. Vidro grounded out to catcher, Broussard to third. Lopez singled to center, Broussard scored. Burke struck out swinging. Lopez to second on passed ball by Mathis. Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez to third. Bloomquist stole second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Figgins grounded out to first. Cabrera hit by pitch. Cabrera to second on balk by Weaver. Guerrero intentionally walked. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guerrero out at second, Cabrera to third. Kotchman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Beltre popped out to second. Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep right. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Ibanez to third. Broussard doubled to deep right, Ibanez scored. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Mariners. Matthews struck out swinging. Izturis singled to center. Kendrick hit by pitch, Izturis to second. Green pitching for Mariners. Mathis walked, Izturis to third, Kendrick to second. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to left, Izturis scored. Cabrera singled to right, Kendrick scored, Mathis to third. Guerrero walked, Cabrera to second. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Lopez lined out to right. Burke struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Kotchman singled to center. Matthews grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kotchman safe at second on error by third baseman Beltre. Izturis singled to left, Matthews out at third, Kotchman to third. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Kendrick singled to center, Kotchman scored, Izturis to third. Mathis walked, Kendrick to second. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to left, Izturis scored, Kendrick tagged out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Suzuki struck out swinging. Beltre singled to left. Ibanez walked, Beltre to second. Guillen singled to left, Beltre to third, Ibanez to second. Speier pitching for Angels. Broussard struck out swinging, Beltre scored, Ibanez to third, Guillen to second on wild pitch by Speier. Ibanez scored, Guillen to third on passed ball by Mathis. Vidro grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Anderson singled to right. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Kotchman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt hit for Burke. Betancourt struck out swinging. Reed hit for Bloomquist. Reed flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Angels 7.	Angels clinch third AL West title in four years