Mets - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Nimmo lined out to shortstop . Conforto singled to shallow right center . Davis grounded out to third , Conforto to second . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Mets . McCutchen grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to third . Bohm struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Canó struck out swinging . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . McNeil reached on infield single to first . Gimenez singled to right , McNeil to second . Gimenez to second on wild pitch by Arrieta , McNeil to third on wild pitch by Arrieta . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Mets . Gregorius singled to shallow center . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gregorius out at second . Kingery struck out looking . Knapp singled to shallow right , Segura to second . Garlick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Nimmo grounded out to first . Conforto struck out swinging . Davis reached on infield single to second . Smith singled to right center , Davis to third . Canó walked , Smith to second . Alonso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Mets . Quinn grounded out to second . McCutchen struck out swinging . Harper flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . McNeil grounded out to shortstop . Gimenez fouled out to catcher . Ramos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Mets . Bohm grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius grounded out to second . Segura walked . Kingery doubled to deep right , Segura to third . Knapp walked . Haseley hit for Garlick . Haseley singled to center , Kingery scored and Segura scored , Haseley to second , Knapp to second , Knapp safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Nimmo . Quinn lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Haseley in left field . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Nimmo homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Conforto struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Mets . McCutchen grounded out to third . Harper grounded out to second . Bohm singled to shallow left . Gregorius homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Bohm scored . Segura struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Canó reached on infield single to pitcher . Alonso flied out to right . McNeil singled to left , Canó to second . Gimenez hit by pitch , McNeil to second , Canó to third . Romero pitching for Phillies . Ramos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gimenez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Mets . Kingery lined out to center . Knapp grounded out to first . Haseley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Nimmo singled to shallow right center . Conforto struck out swinging . Davis grounded into double play , first to second to first , Nimmo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Mets . Quinn bunt grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen popped out to shortstop . Harper lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Smith hit by pitch . Canó struck out swinging . Hunter pitching for Phillies . Alonso fouled out to catcher . McNeil reached on infield single to second , McNeil to second , Smith to second , Smith safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Kingery . Gimenez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McNeil out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Díaz pitching for Mets . Bohm struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Guillorme hit for Ramos . Neris pitching for Phillies . Guillorme struck out swinging . Nimmo flied out to center . Conforto walked . Davis singled to center , Conforto to second . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 1 - Phillies 4 .	Arrieta exits with injury , Phillies beat Mets 4 - 1