Mets - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Nimmo grounded out to second . McNeil grounded out to first . Canó grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Mets . Stevenson reached on bunt single to catcher . Turner flied out to right . Soto lined out to center . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Alonso singled to center . Frazier flied out to center . Guillorme struck out swinging , Alonso stole second . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Mets . Holt struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to center . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . Harrison singled to center , Garcia to third . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Heredia flied out to center . Chirinos flied out to center . Nimmo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Mets . Stevenson struck out swinging . Turner homered to right center ( 392 feet ) . Soto walked . Soto to second on wild pitch by Porcello . Hernández doubled to right , Soto scored . Holt popped out to third . Suzuki singled to center , Hernández scored . Suzuki stole second . Garcia safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Alonso , Suzuki safe at third on error . Harrison singled to right , Suzuki scored , Garcia to third . Taylor reached on infield single to third , Garcia scored , Harrison to second . Stevenson lined out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . McNeil grounded out to second . Canó doubled to deep left center . Alonso homered to left center ( 396 feet ) , Canó scored . Frazier struck out swinging . Guillorme flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Ramírez pitching for Mets . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop . Soto grounded out to third , Turner to second . Hernández grounded out to second , Turner to third . Holt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Heredia flied out to left . Chirinos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Betances pitching for Mets . Suzuki walked . Garcia struck out looking . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . Taylor walked , Harrison to second . Stevenson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Nationals . Nimmo walked . McNeil grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Nimmo out at second . Canó singled to center , McNeil to second . Suero pitching for Nationals . Alonso walked , Canó to second , McNeil to third . Frazier singled to left , McNeil scored , Alonso to second , Canó to third . Guillorme struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Mets . Turner flied out to right . Soto hit ground rule double to deep left center . Hernández grounded out to pitcher , Soto to third . Holt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Nationals . Heredia struck out swinging . Davis hit for Chirinos . Davis walked . Nimmo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Davis out at second . McNeil lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Nationals 5 .	Mets lose 4 - 3 to Washington , eliminated from playoffs