Brewers - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Clark lined out to third. Spivey grounded out to third. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Everett grounded out to pitcher. Biggio fouled out to third. Bagwell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Lee doubled to right. Jenkins grounded out to pitcher. Lee stole third. Miller walked. Helms grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Lane flied out to right. Ensberg grounded out to second. Burke grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Hardy grounded out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Ausmus safe at first on error by second baseman Spivey. Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop, Ausmus to second. Pettitte sacrificed to third, Ausmus to third, Taveras to second. Everett struck out looking. Biggio flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Spivey flied out to center. Overbay struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Bagwell walked. Lane doubled to deep left center, Bagwell to third. Ensberg walked. Burke popped out to third. Ausmus safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Helms, Bagwell and Lane scored, Ensberg to third. Taveras struck out looking. Ausmus stole second. Pettitte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Jenkins doubled to deep center. Miller grounded out to first, Jenkins to third. Helms grounded out to third, Jenkins scored. Hardy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Everett flied out to right. Biggio walked. Bagwell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Clark lined out to third. Spivey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Lane struck out swinging. Ensberg walked. Burke doubled to deep center, Ensberg scored. Ausmus singled to left, Burke scored. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Taveras tripled to deep right center, Ausmus scored. Pettitte hit sacrifice fly to left, Taveras scored. Everett struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Overbay struck out swinging. Lee singled to left. Jenkins homered to left, Lee scored. Miller singled to left. Helms struck out swinging. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miller out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Bagwell grounded out to third. Lane doubled to left. Ensberg singled to right, Lane scored. Burke singled to center, Ensberg to second. Qualls pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at shortstop. Cirillo hit for Obermueller. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Burke out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Cirillo flied out to center. Clark singled to right. Spivey struck out swinging. Overbay singled to right, Clark to second. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Cirillo at third base. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Taveras walked. Palmeiro hit for Qualls. Bruntlett walked, Taveras to second. Wise pitching for Brewers. Palmeiro sacrificed to pitcher, Taveras to third, Bruntlett to second, Palmeiro safe at first on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa. Taveras to third on throwing error by pitcher De La. Biggio hit by pitch, Taveras scored, Bruntlett to third, Palmeiro to second. Bagwell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bruntlett out at home, Palmeiro to third, Biggio to second. Lane popped out to first. Palmeiro in left field. Lamb at first base. Franco pitching for Astros. Burke at second base. Ensberg struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Harville pitching for Astros. Jenkins hit by pitch. Magruder hit for Wise. Miller flied out to left. Hall hit for Hardy. Magruder doubled to right, Jenkins to third. Hall grounded out to shortstop, Jenkins scored, Magruder to third. Cirillo walked. Lidge pitching for Astros. Cirillo to second on fielder's indifference. Clark homered to left, Magruder and Cirillo scored. Spivey struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Astros 8.	Home cookin': Pettiitte serves first win since July