Yankees - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Williams struck out swinging. Sheffield safe at second on error by third baseman Helms. Rodriguez homered to left center, Sheffield scored. Sierra singled to center. Martinez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Clark struck out swinging. Spivey singled to left. Jenkins grounded out to second, Spivey to second. Lee doubled to deep right center, Spivey scored. Overbay doubled to deep center, Lee scored. Overbay to third on wild pitch by Mussina. Hall struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Flaherty lined out to center. Sanchez walked. Mussina struck out bunting foul. Sanchez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Jeter batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Helms lined out to left. Moeller singled to left. Capuano struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Jeter flied out to center. Williams grounded out to second. Sheffield popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Spivey struck out swinging. Jenkins flied out to left. Lee doubled to deep right center. Overbay walked. Hall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third. Sierra doubled to deep left center, Rodriguez to third. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right, Rodriguez and Sierra scored. Flaherty struck out swinging. Sanchez singled to center, Martinez thrown out at home, Sanchez to second advancing on throw. Mussina grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Helms lined out to shortstop. Moeller struck out swinging. Capuano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Jeter walked. Williams doubled to deep right, Jeter to third. Sheffield walked. Santana pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez singled to left, Jeter scored, Williams to third, Sheffield to second. Sierra singled to right, Williams scored, Sheffield to third, Rodriguez to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield scored, Sierra out at second, Rodriguez to third. Flaherty lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Johnson at first base. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Clark struck out looking. Spivey grounded out to third. Jenkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Brewers. Sanchez struck out looking. Mussina struck out swinging. Jeter homered to right. Williams walked. Sheffield walked, Williams to second. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez walked, Williams to third, Sheffield to second. Sierra grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Lee homered to left. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Hall struck out looking. Helms grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Johnson doubled to deep left. Flaherty grounded out to shortstop. Cano hit for Mussina. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Cano homered to right, Johnson scored. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Krynzel hit for Obermueller. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. Krynzel flied out to left. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Williams lined out to right. Sheffield flied out to center. Rodriguez homered to right. Groom pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Magruder hit for Jenkins. Groom pitching for Yankees. Spivey lined out to shortstop. Magruder hit by pitch. Lee flied out to right. Magruder in right field. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Magruder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Johnson singled to left. Flaherty struck out looking. Matsui hit for Groom. Sanchez singled to center, Johnson to second. Matsui reached on infield single to first, Johnson to third, Sanchez to second. Phelps pitching for Brewers. Jeter walked, Johnson scored, Sanchez to third, Matsui to second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Sanchez out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Hall lined out to right. Mosquera hit for Moeller. Helms lined out to right. Mosquera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 12 - Brewers 3.	A-Rod reaches 400 career homers in Yanks' rout of Brewers