Brewers - Top 1st. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Clark fouled out to first. Weeks doubled to deep left. Overbay struck out swinging. Lee lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Pierre grounded out to second. Castillo grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Jenkins doubled to deep right center. Miller singled to right center, Jenkins scored. Branyan reached on infield single to second, Miller to second. Hardy singled to center, Miller scored, Branyan to second. Capuano struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. Weeks struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Delgado flied out to left. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lo Duca popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Beckett pitching for Marlins. Overbay singled to left. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Overbay out at second. Jenkins doubled to right center, Lee to third. Miller singled to center, Lee scored, Jenkins to third. Branyan singled to right, Jenkins scored, Miller to second. Hardy fouled out to left. Capuano flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Lowell reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowell out at second. Leiter sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Clark struck out swinging. Weeks flied out to center. Overbay singled to center. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay to second. Jenkins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Castillo singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Delgado struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Leiter pitching for Marlins. Miller struck out swinging. Branyan grounded out to first. Hardy walked. Capuano popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Lo Duca popped out to first. Lowell doubled to left. Conine hit for Leiter. Gonzalez singled to left, Lowell to third. Conine hit sacrifice fly to center, Lowell scored, Gonzalez to second. Pierre walked. Bump pitching for Marlins. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Clark singled to center. Weeks grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Clark out at second. Overbay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Cabrera singled to left. Delgado grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Lee flied out to right. Jenkins singled to center. Miller hit by pitch, Jenkins to second. Branyan doubled to deep center, Jenkins scored, Miller to third. Hardy intentionally walked. Capuano grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miller scored, Branyan to third, Hardy to second. Clark grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Capuano out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Lo Duca lined out to left. Lowell flied out to center. Resop pitching for Marlins. Easley at shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Resop pitching for Marlins. Weeks singled to center. Overbay flied out to left. Lee grounded into double play, second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Easley tripled to deep center. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop, Easley scored. Wise pitching for Brewers. Castillo singled to center, Pierre to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Delgado grounded out to first, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Encarnacion doubled to left, Pierre and Castillo scored. De Los Santos pitching for Marlins. Lo Duca grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. De Los Santos pitching for Marlins. Jenkins struck out swinging. Miller doubled to deep right. Mota pitching for Marlins. Harris in right field. Branyan flied out to left. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Hall at third base. Hardy lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Lowell singled to center. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lowell out at second. Easley lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Marlins 4.	Welcome back: Branyon's three hits lead Brewers