Brewers - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Weeks struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Santos pitching for Brewers. Eckstein lined out to second. Rodriguez flied out to center. Pujols walked. Edmonds singled to center, Pujols to third. Walker doubled to shallow right, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third, Edmonds scored, Walker to third on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Grudzielanek flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Lee reached on infield single to third. Jenkins homered to center, Lee scored. Hall grounded out to pitcher. Miller singled to right. Hardy singled to left, Miller to second. Santos sacrificed to pitcher, Miller to third, Hardy to second. Clark flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Santos pitching for Brewers. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. Mahoney grounded out to shortstop. Morris singled to center. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Overbay safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Nunez. Lee doubled to left, Overbay to third. Jenkins intentionally walked. Hall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jenkins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Santos pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Pujols singled to center. Edmonds walked, Pujols to second. Walker singled to center, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third. Grudzielanek singled to right, Edmonds scored, Walker to second. Nunez doubled to right, Walker and Grudzielanek scored. Mahoney flied out to right, Nunez to third. Morris struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Durrington hit for Santos. Hardy singled to left. Durrington sacrificed to catcher, Hardy to second. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Clark flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Eckstein flied out to right. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second. Pujols homered to center, Rodriguez scored. Edmonds singled to right. Walker safe at first on error by second baseman Weeks, Edmonds to second. Taguchi ran for Walker. Grudzielanek singled to center, Edmonds scored, Walker to second. Nunez popped out to shortstop. Taguchi in right field. Mahoney grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Weeks grounded out to third. Overbay singled to right. Lee singled to right, Overbay to second. Jenkins struck out swinging. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Morris struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to left. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Miller grounded out to third. Hardy lined out to first. Obermueller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Pujols doubled to deep left. Edmonds intentionally walked. Taguchi grounded out to pitcher, Pujols to third, Edmonds to second. Grudzielanek singled to right, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third. Nunez singled to left, Edmonds scored, Grudzielanek to second. Mahoney popped out to second. Mabry in right field. Taguchi in center field. Thompson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Clark flied out to left. Weeks grounded out to second. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Branyan in left field. Helms at first base. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Luna at shortstop. Pujols fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Helms safe at first on error by shortstop Luna. Jenkins struck out swinging. Hall walked, Helms to second. Miller struck out looking. Hardy singled to left, Helms scored, Hall to second. Branyan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Brewers. Mabry struck out swinging. Taguchi flied out to center. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Clark flied out to center. Moeller hit for De La Rosa. Weeks homered to left. Moeller grounded out to first. Helms grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Cardinals 11.	Pujols doles out damage vs. Brewers