White Sox - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Eaton singled to center . Semien grounded into double play , third to second to first , Eaton out at second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Stubbs struck out swinging . Barnes grounded out to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Viciedo flied out to center . Gillaspie grounded out to second . Garcia homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Ramirez singled to left . Flowers homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Quintana struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center . Rosario struck out looking . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Morneau walked . Culberson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Eaton walked . Semien singled to center , Eaton to third , Semien thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Abreu walked . Viciedo hit sacrifice fly to left , Eaton scored . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Morales struck out swinging . Stubbs walked . Barnes grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Stubbs out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Garcia reached on infield single to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Garcia out at second . Flowers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Cuddyer homered to left center ( 431 feet ) . Rosario grounded out to third . Arenado flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Quintana grounded out to shortstop . Eaton singled to center . Eaton to second on balk by Morales . Semien walked . Eaton stole third . Semien stole second . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Viciedo intentionally walked . Gillaspie grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Morneau lined out to center . Culberson grounded out to third . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Garcia grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Stubbs lined out to right . Barnes reached on infield single to third . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center , Barnes scored . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Rosario lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Quintana flied out to right . Eaton hit by pitch . Semien singled to right , Eaton to second . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Abreu homered to left ( 353 feet ) , Eaton and Semien scored . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Arenado lined out to left . Morneau singled to center . Culberson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . LeMahieu at second base . Garcia homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Ramirez homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Flowers singled to left . Quintana grounded out to third , Flowers to second . Eaton grounded out to shortstop , Flowers to third . Semien doubled to left , Flowers scored . Abreu homered to right center ( 428 feet ) , Semien scored . Viciedo reached on infield single to third . Gillaspie singled to right , Viciedo to second . Garcia singled to right , Viciedo scored , Gillaspie to third . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to center . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Nieto catching . LeMahieu walked . Stubbs singled to center , LeMahieu to second . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Stubbs out at second , LeMahieu to third . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to left , LeMahieu scored . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Pacheco at second base . LeMahieu at shortstop . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Nieto struck out swinging . Garcia hit for Belisario . Garcia walked . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Garcia safe at second on error by first baseman Morneau . Semien singled to center , Garcia scored , Eaton to second . Abreu flied out to right . Viciedo singled to left , Eaton scored , Semien to second . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Veal pitching for White Sox . Garcia in center field . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Morneau singled to right . Blackmon hit for Kahnle . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 15 - Rockies 3 .	White Sox crank 6 homers in rout of Rockies