Indians - Top 1st . Paulino pitching for White Sox . Morgan singled to center . Swisher struck out swinging . Kipnis walked , Morgan to second . Santana walked , Morgan to third , Kipnis to second . Brantley singled to deep right center , Morgan and Kipnis scored , Santana to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Santana scored , Brantley out at second . Raburn grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Eaton walked . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eaton safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Aviles . Gillaspie singled to left , Eaton scored , Garcia to third . Abreu walked , Gillaspie to second . Dunn singled to deep right center , Garcia and Gillaspie scored , Abreu to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dunn out at second , Abreu to third . De Aza singled to right , Abreu scored , Ramirez to second . Nieto struck out swinging . Jor Danks struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Paulino pitching for White Sox . Murphy homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Aviles flied out to right . Morgan lined out to center . Swisher flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Eaton homered to right center ( 414 feet ) . Garcia struck out looking . Gillaspie grounded out to second . Abreu struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Paulino pitching for White Sox . Kipnis singled to left center . Santana grounded into double play , second to third to first , Kipnis out at second . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dunn struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second . Nieto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Paulino pitching for White Sox . Cabrera walked . Raburn struck out looking . Murphy flied out to left . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jor Danks singled to right . Eaton walked , Jor Danks to second . Garcia struck out swinging . Jor Danks to third , Eaton to second on wild pitch by Masterson . Gillaspie walked . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Jor Danks out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Paulino pitching for White Sox . Morgan flied out to center . Swisher homered to right center ( 389 feet ) . Kipnis homered to right ( 383 feet ) . Santana safe at first on error by second baseman Garcia . Brantley flied out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dunn hit by pitch . Ramirez singled to center , Dunn to second . De Aza singled to shallow right , Dunn to third , Ramirez to second . Nieto grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Dunn out at home , Ramirez to third , De Aza to second . Jor Danks grounded out to first , Ramirez scored , De Aza to third , Nieto to second . Outman pitching for Indians . Eaton grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Raburn grounded out to second . Murphy lined out to first . Aviles singled to right . Morgan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Outman pitching for Indians . Garcia grounded out to pitcher . Gillaspie walked . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Swisher singled to left center . Kipnis struck out swinging . Swisher to second on wild pitch by Belisario . Santana walked . Downs pitching for White Sox . Brantley walked , Swisher to third , Santana to second . Webb pitching for White Sox . Cabrera fouled out to third . Raburn singled to center , Swisher and Santana scored , Brantley to second . Murphy lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Ramirez fouled out to first . De Aza popped out to third . Nieto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Aviles popped out to third . Veal pitching for White Sox . Morgan walked . Morgan stole second . Swisher flied out to left . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Allen pitching for Indians . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Eaton hit ground rule double to left . Garcia struck out looking . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Veal pitching for White Sox . Santana flied out to left . Brantley walked . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Brantley to third . Raburn intentionally walked . Murphy tripled to deep right center , Brantley , Cabrera and Raburn scored . Aviles singled to right , Murphy scored . Morgan struck out looking . Swisher struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Axford pitching for Indians . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 12 - White Sox 6 .	Indians get 12 hits in 12 - 6 win over White Sox