Rays - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for White Sox . Zobrist grounded out to first . Jennings grounded out to shortstop . Joyce walked . Joyce caught stealing second , catcher to second . Longoria batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Archer pitching for Rays . Eaton singled to left . Semien struck out swinging , Eaton stole second . Abreu singled to center , Eaton scored . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for White Sox . Longoria singled to right . Longoria to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Loney popped out to shortstop . Myers struck out swinging . DeJesus walked . Escobar singled to shallow left , Longoria scored , DeJesus to second . Hanigan singled to shallow left , DeJesus scored , Escobar to second . Zobrist doubled to right , Escobar scored , Hanigan to third . Jennings walked . Joyce walked , Hanigan scored , Zobrist to third , Jennings to second . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Archer pitching for Rays . Ramirez singled to shallow left . De Aza flied out to center . Flowers grounded out to second , Ramirez to second . Beckham popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Loney walked . Myers walked , Loney to second . DeJesus lined out to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Hanigan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Archer pitching for Rays . Eaton struck out looking . Semien struck out looking . Abreu homered to center ( 406 feet ) . Dunn grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Zobrist struck out swinging . Jennings singled to center . Jennings to second on passed ball by Flowers . Joyce walked . Longoria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Archer pitching for Rays . Viciedo singled to right . Ramirez singled to shallow left , Viciedo to second . De Aza singled to right , Viciedo to third , Ramirez to second . Flowers singled to center , Viciedo and Ramirez scored , De Aza to second . Beckham flied out to right , De Aza to third . Eaton grounded into double play , pitcher to third to catcher to second to shortstop , De Aza out at home , Flowers out at third , Eaton to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Loney singled to center . Myers flied out to left . DeJesus singled to right , Loney to third . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Escobar walked , DeJesus to second . Hanigan grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Loney out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Archer pitching for Rays . Semien grounded out to pitcher . Abreu lined out to center . Dunn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Zobrist reached on infield single to shortstop . Jennings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zobrist out at second . Joyce walked , Jennings to second . Longoria struck out swinging . Loney flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Archer pitching for Rays . Viciedo fouled out to catcher . Ramirez grounded out to second . De Aza fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Myers singled to center . DeJesus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Myers out at second . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Archer pitching for Rays . Flowers doubled to deep right center . McGee pitching for Rays . Beckham popped out to second . Eaton grounded out to second , Flowers to third . Semien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Hanigan lined out to second . Zobrist grounded out to second . Jennings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Rays . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn singled to left . Jor Danks ran for Dunn . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jor Danks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Joyce walked . Longoria homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Joyce scored . Loney struck out looking . Myers struck out swinging . DeJesus walked . Escobar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Balfour pitching for Rays . Ramirez flied out to center . De Aza doubled to deep center . Flowers walked . Konerko hit for Beckham . Garcia ran for Flowers . Konerko walked , De Aza to third , Garcia to second . Nieto ran for Konerko . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , De Aza scored , Nieto out at second , Garcia to third . Semien walked , Eaton to second . Abreu homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Garcia , Eaton and Semien scored . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 6 - White Sox 9 .	White Sox stun Rays on Abreu 's GS