Rays - Top 1st . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Zobrist grounded out to second . Jennings struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Rays . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Semien fouled out to first . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Longoria struck out looking . Loney grounded out to second . Myers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Rays . Viciedo popped out to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . DeJesus walked . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Molina singled to center . Zobrist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Rays . De Aza singled to center . Flowers struck out looking . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to first , De Aza out at second . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop , Beckham to second . Semien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Jennings grounded out to third . Joyce singled to left . Longoria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Rays . Abreu flied out to left . Viciedo struck out looking . Konerko lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Loney grounded out to second . Myers flied out to right . DeJesus singled to right . Escobar safe at second on error by right fielder Viciedo , DeJesus scored . Molina grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Rays . Ramirez lined out to center . De Aza flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Zobrist singled to right , Zobrist out stretching at second . Jennings hit by pitch . Jennings to second on wild pitch by Carroll . Joyce walked . Longoria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Rays . Beckham safe at first on error by second baseman Zobrist . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop , Beckham to second . Semien reached on bunt single to pitcher , Beckham to third , Eaton to second , Beckham scored , Eaton to third on throwing error by pitcher Price . A Eaton scored on error by right fielder Myers . Abreu homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Semien scored . Viciedo doubled to deep left . Konerko struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop , Viciedo scored , Ramirez to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . De Aza grounded out to pitcher . Flowers struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 4 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Loney grounded out to second . Myers singled to shallow left . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers out at second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Rays . Beckham walked . Beckham stole second . Eaton singled to center , Beckham to third . Semien doubled to center , Beckham scored , Eaton to third . Lueke pitching for Rays . Abreu singled to center , Eaton and Semien scored . Viciedo walked , Abreu to second . Jor Danks ran for Viciedo . Konerko fouled out to first . Ramirez singled to center , Abreu scored , Jor Danks to second . De Aza popped out to shortstop . Flowers grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Jor Danks in right field . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Molina struck out looking . Zobrist singled to left . Webb pitching for White Sox . Jennings walked , Zobrist to second . Joyce flied out to center , Zobrist to third . Longoria singled to center , Zobrist scored , Jennings to second . Loney grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Rays . Beckham flied out to right . Eaton grounded out to first . Semien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Myers grounded out to second . DeJesus walked . Guyer hit for Escobar . Guyer lined into double play , to shortstop , DeJesus doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 2 - White Sox 9 .	Abreu 's hot start sets rookie mark