Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Parra flied out to left . Owings flied out to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . De Aza struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to third . Gillaspie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Montero flied out to left . Hill struck out looking . Chavez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu grounded out to third . Dunn popped out to second . Viciedo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Prado grounded out to second . Ross singled to right . Pollock struck out swinging . Parra homered to right center ( 410 feet ) , Ross scored . Owings flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez struck out swinging . Sierra flied out to center . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher . Montero grounded out to second . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks . De Aza doubled to deep right center . Beckham singled to center , De Aza scored . Gillaspie singled to left , Beckham to second . Abreu singled to left , Beckham scored , Gillaspie to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo singled to shallow right , Gillaspie to third , Abreu to second . Ramirez homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Gillaspie , Abreu and Viciedo scored . Sierra singled to right . Flowers singled to left , Sierra to third . De Aza singled to right , Sierra scored , Flowers to second . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Beckham grounded into double play , third to second to first , De Aza out at second . 7 Runs , 9 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Chavez fouled out to second . Prado struck out swinging . Ross doubled to right . Pollock singled to center , Ross scored . Parra safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez , Pollock to second . Owings flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Gillaspie walked . Abreu singled to right , Gillaspie to second . Dunn flied out to right . Viciedo singled to right , Gillaspie to third , Abreu to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gillaspie out at home , Abreu to third , Viciedo to second . Sierra popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero flied out to left . Hill walked . Hill to second on balk by Rienzo . Chavez walked . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . De Aza reached on infield single to second . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , De Aza out at second . Gillaspie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Ross popped out to second . Pollock safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Pollock stole second . Parra grounded out to second , Pollock to third . Owings lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu homered to center ( 443 feet ) . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo struck out swinging . Ramirez tripled to deep right . Sierra struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero lined out to right . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers homered to left ( 378 feet ) . De Aza struck out swinging . Beckham flied out to center . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Chavez flied out to left . Prado flied out to right . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - White Sox 9 .	Ramirez , Abreu fuel White Sox past D - backs