White Sox - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Eaton flied out to center . Beckham homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Gillaspie hit ground rule double to deep right . Abreu flied out to center , Gillaspie to third . Dunn flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Markakis struck out swinging . Pearce grounded out to third . Jones lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Ramirez doubled to left . Viciedo grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . De Aza singled to right , Ramirez scored . Flowers struck out swinging . De Aza stole second , De Aza safe at third on throwing error by catcher Joseph . Eaton walked . De Aza caught stealing home , catcher to second to catcher . Beckham batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Cruz singled to center . Davis struck out looking . Hardy grounded out to third , Cruz to second . Machado walked . Schoop grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Beckham popped out to second . Gillaspie grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Joseph grounded out to third . Markakis flied out to center . Pearce singled to left center . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Pearce to second . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to left . Viciedo singled to center . De Aza singled to shallow center , Viciedo to third . Flowers singled to right , Viciedo scored , De Aza to second . Eaton walked , De Aza to third , Flowers to second . Beckham grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Davis walked . Hardy struck out swinging . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Gillaspie singled to shallow left . Abreu singled to shallow center , Gillaspie to second . Dunn walked , Gillaspie to third , Abreu to second . Ramirez fouled out to third . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Schoop struck out swinging . Joseph struck out looking . Markakis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . De Aza hit by pitch . Flowers flied out to right . Eaton reached on infield single to third , De Aza to second . Beckham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Pearce homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Jones doubled to deep right . Cruz struck out swinging . Davis struck out looking . Hardy lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Gillaspie grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . Dunn popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Machado singled to shallow left . Machado to second on wild pitch by Quintana . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Joseph walked . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Joseph out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to right . Ramirez stole second . Ramirez to third on passed ball by Joseph . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez scored . Flowers grounded into double play , second to first , De Aza out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Sierra in right field . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Pearce walked . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pearce out at second . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Eaton struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to third . Gillaspie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Downs pitching for White Sox . Davis reached on infield single to second . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Davis out at second . Machado singled to center , Hardy to second . Young hit for Schoop . Young singled to center , Hardy scored , Machado to second . Flaherty hit for Joseph . Lough ran for Young . Flaherty grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lough out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Orioles 2 .	White Sox double up O 's to end 5 - game skid