White Sox - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to left . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Jackson struck out looking . Kinsler singled to center . Cabrera walked , Kinsler to second . Martinez singled to right , Kinsler scored , Cabrera to second . Hunter singled to center , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . Martinez singled to center , Martinez scored , Hunter to third . Castellanos homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Hunter and Martinez scored . Avila walked . Romine singled to center , Avila to second . Jackson popped out to second . Kinsler popped out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to left . Martinez fouled out to third . Hunter singled to left , Cabrera to second . Martinez walked , Cabrera to third , Hunter to second . Castellanos struck out swinging . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beckham struck out swinging . De Aza flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Romine fouled out to third . Jackson singled to left . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to left . Ramirez flied out to left . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Hunter lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo popped out to second . Gillaspie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Martinez struck out swinging . Castellanos grounded out to third . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . De Aza singled to right . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to third , De Aza out at second . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Noesi pitching for White Sox . Romine lined out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to third . Kinsler lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Ramirez singled to center . Abreu singled to right , Ramirez to third . Dunn grounded out to pitcher , Abreu to second . Viciedo hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored , Abreu to third . Gillaspie walked . Beckham flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Nieto catching . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez struck out looking . Hunter singled to left . Martinez singled to right , Hunter to third . Castellanos singled to center , Hunter scored , Martinez to second . Avila lined out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . De Aza singled to right . Nieto struck out swinging . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , De Aza out at second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Romine struck out swinging , Romine safe at first on wild pitch by Rienzo . Jackson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Romine out at second . Kinsler walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded out to second . Dunn homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Viciedo struck out swinging . Gillaspie struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Tigers 7 .	Tigers ' Scherzer sharp over 7 , goes to 13 - 3