White Sox - Top 1st . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to left . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . Abreu singled to left . Viciedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson lined out to right . Kinsler doubled to deep right center , Kinsler to third on error by center fielder Eaton . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at home . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Konerko singled to right . Beckham doubled to left , Konerko scored . Flowers singled to center , Beckham scored . Sierra singled to center , Flowers to second . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sierra out at second , Flowers to third . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Flowers scored , Garcia out at second . Eaton caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to first to shortstop . Ramirez batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hunter hit by pitch . Martinez walked , Hunter to second . Castellanos walked , Hunter to third , Martinez to second . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hunter out at home , Martinez to third , Castellanos to second . Suarez hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Jackson singled to center , Castellanos scored , Avila to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded out to first . Abreu doubled to deep right . Abreu out at third attempting to advance on wild pitch . Viciedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez grounded out to third . Hunter homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Martinez homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Konerko doubled to left . Beckham flied out to left . Flowers flied out to center . Sierra singled to center , Konerko scored . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sierra out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Avila singled to right . Suarez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Avila out at second . Jackson singled to right , Suarez to third . Kinsler flied out to center . Cabrera lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to center . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . Abreu doubled to deep center . Viciedo fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to third . Hunter walked . Martinez singled to left center , Martinez out at second , Hunter to third . Castellanos intentionally walked . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Konerko struck out looking . Beckham safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos . Beckham stole second . Flowers walked . Sierra flied out to right . Garcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Suarez flied out to center . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Soria pitching for Tigers . Eaton struck out swinging , Eaton safe at first on wild pitch by Soria . Ramirez singled to left , Eaton to third , Ramirez to second advancing on throw . Abreu intentionally walked . Gillaspie hit for Viciedo . Gillaspie fouled out to catcher . Konerko hit by pitch , Eaton scored , Ramirez to third , Abreu to second . Davis in center field . Beckham popped out to second . Flowers struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Gillaspie at third base . Garcia in left field . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Cabrera struck out looking . Martinez grounded out to second . Hunter singled to center . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Tigers . Sierra singled to left center . Garcia sacrificed to third , Sierra to second . Eaton singled to right , Sierra scored . Eaton stole second . Ramirez doubled to left , Eaton scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Gillaspie popped out to third . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Guerra pitching for White Sox . Castellanos walked . Avila struck out swinging . Suarez struck out looking . Castellanos to second on wild pitch by Guerra . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Beckham flied out to center . Flowers flied out to right . Sierra doubled to deep right . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Kinsler flied out to center . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Tigers 4 .	Tigers make big trade , White Sox win game 7 - 4