Twins - Top 1st . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Santana walked . Dozier singled to center , Santana to third . Plouffe doubled to left , Santana scored , Dozier to third . Willingham walked . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dozier scored , Willingham out at second , Plouffe to third . Vargas fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Eaton doubled to deep right . Beckham grounded out to first , Eaton to third . Abreu popped out to first . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Arcia safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Parmelee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arcia out at second . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Ramirez flied out to right . Gillaspie flied out to center . Viciedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Santana singled to right . Dozier struck out swinging . Santana to second on wild pitch by Carroll . Plouffe doubled to deep right center , Santana scored . Willingham struck out looking . Suzuki popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . De Aza walked . Nieto struck out swinging . Eaton doubled to left , De Aza to third . Beckham grounded out to second , De Aza scored , Eaton to third . Abreu walked . Dunn flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Vargas singled to right center . Arcia singled to right , Vargas to third . Parmelee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vargas scored , Arcia out at second . Escobar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Ramirez homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Gillaspie flied out to right . Viciedo struck out swinging . De Aza doubled to left . Nieto lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Santana flied out to left . Dozier grounded out to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Eaton flied out to left . Beckham singled to center . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to third . Vargas singled to right . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Dunn struck out looking . Ramirez flied out to center . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Parmelee flied out to center . Escobar struck out looking . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Jose Pino pitching for Twins . Viciedo singled to center . De Aza reached on bunt single to pitcher , Viciedo to second . Nieto sacrificed to pitcher , Viciedo to third , De Aza to second . Duensing pitching for Twins . Eaton doubled to center , Viciedo and De Aza scored . Burton pitching for Twins . Beckham doubled to deep right , Eaton scored . Abreu intentionally walked . Dunn lined out to right , Beckham to third . Ramirez singled to right , Beckham scored , Abreu to second . Pressly pitching for Twins . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . Plouffe singled to right . Willingham hit by pitch , Plouffe to second . Nunez ran for Willingham . Suzuki singled to right , Plouffe scored , Nunez to second . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Vargas grounded out to third , Nunez to third , Suzuki to second . Arcia doubled to deep left , Nunez and Suzuki scored . Parmelee grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Nunez in left field . Fien pitching for Twins . Viciedo grounded out to first . De Aza grounded out to first . Nieto walked . Sierra ran for Nieto . Eaton singled to left , Sierra to third , Eaton out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Flowers catching . Webb pitching for White Sox . Escobar struck out swinging . Santana homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Dozier walked . Plouffe singled to center , Dozier to third . Nunez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Plouffe out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Beckham struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Konerko hit for Dunn . Konerko singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - White Sox 6 .	Plouffe , Twins end 3 - game skid , stop Abreu , Chisox