Blue Jays - Top 1st . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Reyes doubled to deep right . Cabrera sacrificed to catcher , Reyes to third . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Reyes scored . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza reached on infield single to first . Ramirez flied out to center . De Aza stole second . Abreu popped out to second . De Aza to third on wild pitch by Hutchison . Dunn walked . Garcia walked , Dunn to second . Gillaspie homered to right ( 405 feet ) , De Aza , Dunn and Garcia scored . Beckham singled to left . Jor Danks homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Beckham scored . Nieto struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Lind walked . Rasmus struck out looking . Kawasaki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lind out at second . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza doubled to deep right center . Ramirez grounded out to third . Abreu reached on infield single to third , De Aza to third . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Thole flied out to left . Reyes grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to center . Bautista singled to left , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion walked , Cabrera to third , Bautista to second . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Garcia flied out to left . Gillaspie flied out to center . Beckham fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Rasmus lined out to second . Kawasaki struck out looking . Francisco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Jor Danks grounded out to first . Nieto grounded out to shortstop . De Aza popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Thole walked . Reyes singled to center , Thole to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Thole to third , Reyes to second . Bautista grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thole scored , Cabrera out at second , Reyes to third . Encarnacion homered to left ( 357 feet ) , Reyes scored . Lind grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez flied out to center . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Dunn singled to right . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Rasmus singled to right . Kawasaki grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rasmus out at second . Francisco doubled to deep right . Webb pitching for White Sox . Navarro hit for Thole . Navarro singled to right , Francisco scored . Reyes singled to right , Navarro to second . Cabrera struck out looking . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Navarro catching . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Gillaspie walked . Beckham singled to center , Gillaspie to third . Jor Danks hit sacrifice fly to left , Gillaspie scored , Beckham tagged out at second . Nieto flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Webb pitching for White Sox . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to center . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Valencia hit for Lind . Valencia grounded out to second , Bautista to second . Rasmus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Valencia at first base . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . Abreu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Tolleson hit for Kawasaki . Tolleson struck out swinging . Francisco popped out to third . Navarro walked . Reyes lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Tolleson at second base . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko hit for Dunn . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Garcia doubled to deep right center , Garcia out stretching at third . Gillaspie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to second . Bautista walked . Encarnacion walked , Bautista to second . Stroman ran for Encarnacion . Valencia singled to left , Bautista to third , Stroman to second . Rasmus flied out to left . Reimold hit for Tolleson . Reimold grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - White Sox 7 .	Gillaspie grand slam helps White Sox beat Jays 7 - 5