White Sox - Top 1st . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . De Aza flied out to right . Sanchez doubled to right center . Abreu safe at first on error by shortstop Drew . Dunn flied out to right , Sanchez to third . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Gardner fouled out to first . McCann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Gillaspie doubled to right . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Gillaspie scored . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Nieto struck out swinging . De Aza struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Teixeira walked . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teixeira safe at second on error by second baseman Sanchez . Prado reached on bunt single to first , Teixeira to third , Beltran to second . Headley grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Teixeira scored , Prado out at second , Beltran to third . Drew grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . Abreu singled to center . Dunn struck out swinging . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to catcher . Ellsbury lined out to center . Gardner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Gillaspie popped out to shortstop . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . Jor Danks walked . Nieto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . McCann doubled to left . Teixeira walked . Beltran singled to right , McCann to third , Teixeira to second , Beltran to second , Teixeira thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Prado doubled to deep left , McCann and Beltran scored . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Prado out at third . Drew walked , Headley to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Headley to third , Drew to second . Ellsbury grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . De Aza walked . Sanchez flied out to center . De Aza to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Abreu singled to left , De Aza scored . Dunn grounded into double play , second to third to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Gardner grounded out to first . McCann flied out to center . Teixeira lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Kuroda pitching for Yankees . Garcia struck out swinging . Gillaspie grounded out to first . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Beltran homered to right ( 339 feet ) . Prado doubled to left . Headley grounded out to first , Prado to third . Drew hit sacrifice fly to right , Prado scored . Suzuki flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Yankees . Jor Danks singled to center . Nieto struck out swinging . De Aza doubled to deep right , Jor Danks to third . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher , Jor Danks scored , De Aza to third . Abreu walked . Betances pitching for Yankees . Dunn flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury lined out to center . Gardner flied out to right . McCann lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Garcia grounded out to first . Gillaspie lined out to center . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Teixeira hit by pitch . Beltran grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second . Prado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Jor Danks struck out swinging . Konerko hit for Nieto . Konerko walked . Flowers ran for Konerko . Viciedo hit for De Aza . Viciedo struck out swinging . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Yankees 5 .	Beltran homers , Yankees beat White Sox 5 - 3