Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Johnson doubled to deep left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler walked. Fowler to second on wild pitch by Kennedy. Smith doubled to right, Fowler scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Smith to third. Tulowitzki walked. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Smith scored. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tulowitzki out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Miranda flied out to center. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Montero doubled to deep right. Parra doubled to deep center, Montero scored. Kennedy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez lined out to center. Iannetta walked. Jimenez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Iannetta safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Miranda. Iannetta to third on wild pitch by Kennedy. Fowler singled to right, Iannetta scored, Jimenez to second. Smith grounded out to first, Jimenez to third, Fowler to second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist lined out to left. Johnson grounded out to first. Upton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Helton flied out to left. Wigginton singled to right center. Lopez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Young doubled to deep left. Miranda hit by pitch. Mora grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miranda out at second, Young to third. Montero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta doubled to deep left center. Jimenez sacrificed to catcher, Iannetta to third. Fowler fouled out to third. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Parra grounded out to second. Kennedy walked. Bloomquist singled to center, Kennedy to second. Johnson flied out to center. Upton homered to left (394 feet), Kennedy and Bloomquist scored. Young flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez doubled to right. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Helton fouled out to left. Wigginton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Miranda struck out swinging. Mora safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton. Montero homered to right (422 feet), Mora scored. Parra flied out to right. Kennedy grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez homered to left (402 feet). Iannetta lined out to left. Stewart hit for Jimenez. Stewart struck out swinging. Fowler struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Paulino pitching for Rockies. Bloomquist doubled to deep right center, Bloomquist out stretching at third. Johnson singled to center. Upton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right. Tulowitzki lined out to left. Helton singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Wigginton struck out swinging, Wigginton safe at on error by player player, Gonzalez scored, Helton to third, Wigginton to second on throwing error by catcher Montero. Lopez reached on infield single to third, Helton scored, Wigginton to third. Lopez stole second. Iannetta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Young struck out swinging. Miranda singled to right. Mora grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Miranda out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Giambi hit for Betancourt. Giambi struck out swinging. Fowler struck out swinging. Smith singled to right. Gonzalez singled to right center, Smith to third. Gonzalez stole second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Montero singled to left. Parra struck out swinging. Branyan hit for Heilman. Branyan walked, Montero to second. Bloomquist flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton singled to center. Rogers ran for Helton. Wigginton sacrificed to pitcher, Rogers to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rogers out at second. Iannetta walked, Lopez to second. Herrera hit for Street. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Wigginton at first base. Lopez at third base. Herrera at second base. Upton doubled to deep right. Young singled to right. Miranda sacrificed to third, Upton to third, Young to second. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at home, Young to third. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler grounded out to first. Smith singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 11th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Parra singled to left. Enright hit for Demel. Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in right field. Enright struck out bunting foul. Bloomquist singled to right, Parra to third. Bloomquist stole second. Parra scored on Lindstrom's wild pitch. Johnson intentionally walked. Upton struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out looking. Wigginton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 6.	D-backs score on wild pitch, escape Rockies