Cardinals - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Theriot struck out swinging. Jay doubled to deep left center. Pujols singled to right, Jay scored. Berkman popped out to shortstop. Craig grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Herrera struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Rasmus singled to right. Rasmus stole second. Molina grounded out to second, Rasmus to third. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rasmus out at home. Westbrook grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Tulowitzki walked. Helton grounded out to first, Tulowitzki to second. Wigginton singled to left, Tulowitzki scored. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop, Wigginton to second. Iannetta doubled to deep center, Wigginton scored. Jimenez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Theriot doubled to deep right. Jay grounded out to third. Pujols singled to right center, Theriot scored. Berkman singled to right, Pujols to third. Craig singled to right, Pujols scored, Berkman to second. Berkman picked off second. Rasmus singled to right, Craig to third. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Young Jr. singled to right center. Herrera sacrificed to pitcher, Young Jr. to second. Gonzalez singled to left center, Young Jr. scored. Tulowitzki singled to left center, Gonzalez to second. Helton walked, Gonzalez to third, Tulowitzki to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Spilborghs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Descalso lined out to second. Westbrook walked. Theriot grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Westbrook out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Iannetta grounded out to third. Jimenez struck out swinging. Young Jr. grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Jay struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to second. Berkman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Herrera grounded out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Craig singled to left. Greene ran for Craig. Rasmus tripled to deep center, Greene scored. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Rasmus scored. Descalso doubled to deep right. Holliday hit for Westbrook. Holliday intentionally walked. Lohse ran for Holliday. Theriot singled to right, Descalso thrown out at home, Lohse to third, Theriot to second advancing on throw. Lohse scored, Theriot to third on wild pitch by Jimenez. Jay struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Greene at second base. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Helton flied out to center. Wigginton flied out to center. Spilborghs popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Daley pitching for Rockies. Pujols struck out swinging. Berkman walked. Greene reached on bunt single to pitcher, Berkman to second. Rasmus tripled to deep right, Berkman and Greene scored. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Rasmus scored. Descalso struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Iannetta lined out to center. Fowler hit for Daley. Fowler struck out looking. Young Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Billings pitching for Rockies. Schumaker hit for Batista. Schumaker singled to left. Theriot grounded out to pitcher, Schumaker to second. Jay singled to left, Schumaker to third. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Herrera flied out to center. Sanchez pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Helton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Billings pitching for Rockies. Berkman singled to left center. Kozma ran for Berkman. Kozma to second on wild pitch by Billings. Greene singled to right, Kozma scored. Rasmus grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Greene out at second. Molina doubled to deep left center. McClellan ran for Molina. Descalso flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Kozma at second base. Greene in right field. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Cruz catching. Wigginton hit by pitch. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Iannetta flied out to right. Amezaga hit for Billings. Wigginton to second on fielder's indifference. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Rockies 3.	Rasmus, Cards keep Jimenez, Rockies in funk