Dodgers - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Gordon grounded out to third. Carroll popped out to second. Ethier singled to right. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Young Jr. grounded out to second. Giambi singled to right center. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Loney grounded out to pitcher. Barajas flied out to right. Miles singled to left. Gwynn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Wigginton homered to left (436 feet). Nelson doubled to left. Blackmon grounded out to first, Nelson to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. Hammel grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Lilly singled to left. Gordon flied out to left. Lilly stole second. Carroll walked. Ethier flied out to center. Kemp walked, Lilly to third, Carroll to second. Loney popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez flied out to left. Young Jr. grounded out to third. Giambi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Barajas singled to left. Miles singled to right, Barajas to second. Gwynn flied out to right, Barajas to third. Lilly sacrificed to first, Miles to second. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Wigginton struck out looking. Nelson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Carroll singled to center. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to first, Carroll out at second, Ethier to second on throwing error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Kemp doubled to deep right, Ethier scored, Kemp out at third. Loney grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to left. Blackmon stole second. Iannetta walked. Hammel sacrificed to pitcher, Blackmon to third, Iannetta to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Young Jr. flied out to right. Giambi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Barajas walked. Miles walked, Barajas to second. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Gwynn reached on bunt single to pitcher, Barajas to third, Miles to second. Blake hit for Lilly. Blake doubled to deep left, Barajas, Miles and Gwynn scored, Blake out at third. Gordon struck out swinging. Carroll tripled to deep left. Ethier struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Wigginton flied out to right. Nelson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Mortensen pitching for Rockies. Herrera at second base. Kemp safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton. Loney singled to center, Kemp to second. Barajas sacrificed to catcher, Kemp to third, Loney to second. Miles doubled to deep right center, Kemp and Loney scored. Gwynn grounded out to second, Miles to third. Thames hit for Hawksworth. Thames singled to left, Miles scored. Gordon grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon lined out to left. Iannetta struck out looking. Herrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Mortensen pitching for Rockies. Carroll singled to center. Ethier struck out swinging. Kemp grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Young Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Giambi walked, Young Jr. to second. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki singled to left, Gonzalez and Young Jr. scored, Giambi to second. Wigginton flied out to center. Smith hit for Mortensen. Smith singled to center, Giambi to third, Tulowitzki to second, Giambi and Tulowitzki scored, Smith to third on error by center fielder Kemp. Blackmon singled to right, Smith scored. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon out at second. Herrera struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. Loney singled to center. Barajas doubled to deep left, Loney scored. Miles singled to center, Barajas to third. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barajas scored, Miles to second. Oeltjen hit for Guerrier. Oeltjen sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to third, Gwynn to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Miles out at home, Gwynn to third. Gordon to second on fielder's indifference. Carroll singled to center, Gwynn and Gordon scored, Carroll to second advancing on throw. Ethier grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Young Jr. lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Giambi singled to right. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop, Giambi to second. Wigginton singled to center, Giambi scored, Tulowitzki to second. Spilborghs hit for Lindstrom. Spilborghs walked, Tulowitzki to third, Wigginton to second. Blackmon lined out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 11 - Rockies 7.	Blake helps Dodgers stop 3-game losing skid