Tigers - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Jackson singled to center. Jackson stole second. Boesch walked. Cabrera grounded out to first, Jackson to third, Boesch to second. Martinez intentionally walked. Ordonez fouled out to first. Avila walked, Jackson scored, Boesch to third, Martinez to second. Peralta popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Nelson grounded out to third. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Raburn struck out looking. Porcello grounded out to shortstop. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki lined out to left. Smith singled to right. Wigginton walked, Smith to second. Blackmon singled to left, Smith to third, Wigginton to second. Iannetta singled to center, Smith scored, Wigginton to third, Blackmon to second. Hammel walked, Wigginton scored, Blackmon to third, Iannetta to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored, Iannetta to third. Nelson homered to left (382 feet), Iannetta and Hammel scored. Helton singled to left. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Boesch grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to deep left. Martinez grounded out to first, Cabrera to second. Ordonez singled to center, Cabrera thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Smith tripled to deep right. Wigginton safe at first on error by third baseman Avila, Smith scored. Blackmon reached on bunt single to third, Wigginton to second. Iannetta fouled out to catcher. Hammel sacrificed to pitcher, Wigginton to third, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep right, Wigginton and Blackmon scored. Nelson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Avila grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Raburn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wilk pitching for Tigers. Santiago at second base. Helton singled to center. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center, Helton scored. Smith flied out to center. Wigginton lined out to left. Blackmon singled to right, Tulowitzki scored. Iannetta flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Santiago grounded out to second. Jackson fouled out to right. Boesch flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wilk pitching for Tigers. Hammel struck out looking. Gonzalez homered to center (433 feet). Nelson lined out to second. Helton flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to left. Ordonez singled to left, Martinez to second. Avila walked, Martinez to third, Ordonez to second. Peralta homered to left (370 feet), Martinez, Ordonez and Avila scored. Wilk struck out swinging. Santiago grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wilk pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki lined out to center. Smith flied out to center. Wigginton doubled to deep left. Blackmon singled to right center, Wigginton scored. Iannetta popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop. Boesch flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to left, Jackson to third. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Martinez grounded out to shortstop, Jackson scored, Cabrera to third. Ordonez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Wilk pitching for Tigers. Belisle flied out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Nelson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Avila flied out to left. Peralta singled to left center. Dirks hit for Wilk. Dirks singled to center, Peralta to second. Santiago flied out to center. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Schlereth pitching for Tigers. Helton struck out swinging. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Mortensen pitching for Rockies. Boesch flied out to center. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Rockies 13.	Rockies blitz Porcello in 2nd, cruise past Tigers