Rockies - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez walked. Herrera safe at first on error by shortstop Nunez, Gonzalez to second. Helton flied out to center, Gonzalez to third. Tulowitzki popped out to second, Herrera to second. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gardner lined out to right. Granderson struck out looking. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Smith struck out swinging. Wigginton homered to left (392 feet). Blackmon singled to left. Iannetta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blackmon out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Cano grounded out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Herrera grounded out to second. Helton walked. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Posada grounded out to first. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Nunez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. Smith singled to center. Wigginton reached on infield single to third, Smith to second. Blackmon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wigginton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gardner flied out to left. Granderson lined out to right. Teixeira popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Iannetta homered to center (421 feet). Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second. Herrera grounded out to second, Gonzalez to third. Helton hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Tulowitzki lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez flied out to right. Cano singled to left center. Swisher homered to right (366 feet), Cano scored. Posada homered to right center (419 feet). Martin flied out to right. Nunez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Giambi struck out looking. Smith lined out to shortstop. Wigginton homered to left (358 feet). Blackmon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gardner reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gardner stole second. Granderson walked. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Granderson out at second, Gardner to third. Rodriguez singled to left, Gardner scored, Teixeira to second. Cano grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Yankees. Iannetta singled to left. Logan pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Herrera flied out to center. Iannetta stole second. Iannetta safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Swisher grounded out to second. Posada walked. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada safe at second on error by shortstop Tulowitzki. Dickerson ran for Posada. Nunez singled to left, Dickerson scored, Martin to second. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Gardner flied out to right. Granderson popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Giambi grounded out to first. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Teixeira homered to left (370 feet). Lindstrom pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano flied out to right. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Wigginton struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out looking. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Yankees 6.	Nunez hit ignites Yankees rally as Rockies fall