Astros - Top 1st. White pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded out to first. Altuve struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Astros. Fowler doubled to deep left. Nelson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher, Fowler to third, Nelson to second. Tulowitzki singled to right, Fowler scored, Nelson to third. Helton hit sacrifice fly to right, Nelson scored, Tulowitzki out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. White pitching for Rockies. Lee homered to left (404 feet). Bogusevic struck out looking. Paredes grounded out to first. Barmes flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Astros. Smith singled to center. Smith stole second. Iannetta singled to center, Smith to third. Iannetta stole second. Herrera struck out looking. White struck out swinging. Fowler walked. Nelson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. White pitching for Rockies. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Norris doubled to left. Schafer singled to center, Norris to third. Schafer stole second. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop, Norris scored, Schafer to third. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop, Schafer scored, Altuve to second. Lee safe at first on error by third baseman Nelson, Altuve to third, Martinez to second. Bogusevic grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lee out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Astros. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Helton struck out looking. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tulowitzki out at second, Gonzalez to third, Gonzalez scored, Smith to second on throwing error by shortstop Barmes. Iannetta safe at first on error by first baseman Lee, Smith to third. Herrera grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. White pitching for Rockies. Paredes grounded out to shortstop. Barmes walked. Quintero lined into double play, second to first, Barmes doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Astros. White struck out swinging. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Nelson doubled to deep right. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. White pitching for Rockies. Norris struck out swinging. Schafer struck out swinging. Altuve grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Astros. Tulowitzki hit by pitch. Helton struck out swinging. Smith homered to right center (472 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Iannetta grounded out to third. Herrera walked. White grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. White pitching for Rockies. Martinez flied out to right. Lee grounded out to first. Bogusevic doubled to shallow left. Paredes homered to right (427 feet), Bogusevic scored. Barmes popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Fowler singled to right center. Nelson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fowler to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Fowler scored, Nelson to second. Tulowitzki flied into double play, right to shortstop, Nelson doubled off second. Helton flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Quintero grounded out to second. Michaels hit for Lopez. Michaels hit ground rule double to deep right. Schafer singled to left, Michaels scored, Schafer to second advancing on throw. Altuve flied out to left. Martinez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Smith walked. Iannetta flied out to center. Herrera homered to right (401 feet), Smith scored. Belisle doubled to deep left. Fowler struck out looking. Nelson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Lee grounded out to second. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Paredes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Astros. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Wright in right field. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Shuck in right field. Wright pitching for Astros. Helton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Barmes walked. Quintero struck out looking. Downs hit for Wright. Downs singled to left, Barmes to second. Bourgeois hit for Schafer. Bourgeois struck out looking. Altuve fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Rockies 8.	Rockies top slumping Astros for 4th straight win