Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Roberts flied out to center. Hill singled to left. Upton singled to right, Hill to third. Montero grounded out to second, Hill scored, Upton to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler grounded out to second. Ellis popped out to second. Gonzalez doubled to shallow left. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Young struck out swinging. Parra lined out to left. McDonald doubled to deep left center, McDonald out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Giambi grounded out to second. Smith fouled out to third. Rosario flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Collmenter grounded out to second. Roberts struck out looking. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco singled to center. Hammel sacrificed to pitcher, Pacheco to second. Fowler grounded out to pitcher, Pacheco to third. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Upton struck out looking. Montero flied out to left. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out looking. Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Young grounded out to third. Parra struck out swinging. McDonald walked. Collmenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith tripled to deep right center. Rosario lined out to second. Pacheco grounded out to third, Smith scored. Hammel struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Roberts lined out to third. Hill grounded out to third. Upton hit ground rule double to deep left. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Ellis popped out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Goldschmidt to third on passed ball by Rosario. Young popped out to second. Parra singled to left, Goldschmidt scored. McDonald flied out to left. Collmenter grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Giambi singled to right. Young Jr. ran for Giambi. Smith singled to center, Young Jr. to second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Young Jr. stole third, Smith stole second. Young Jr. out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Smith to third on runner's fielder's choice. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Wigginton at first base. Street pitching for Rockies. Roberts lined out to shortstop. Hill doubled to left. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Montero reached on infield single to third, Hill scored, Montero to second on throwing error by third baseman Pacheco. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff hit for Belisle. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. Ellis singled to left, Fowler to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Fowler scored, Ellis to second. Ellis to third, Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Montero. Tulowitzki homered to left center (425 feet), Ellis and Gonzalez scored. Wigginton singled to center. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith tripled to deep center, Wigginton scored. Rosario walked. Pacheco singled to center, Smith scored, Rosario to second. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch, Rosario to third, Pacheco to second. Fowler walked, Rosario scored, Pacheco to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Ellis flied out to center. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff at third base. Young flied out to left. Parra flied out to left. McDonald flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rockies 8.	Rockies defeat D-backs with 7-run 8th inning