Rockies - Top 1st. Harrell pitching for Astros. Young Jr. grounded out to second. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Smith walked. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded out to first. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Harrell pitching for Astros. Pacheco singled to center. Wigginton singled to shallow center, Pacheco to third. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pacheco scored, Wigginton safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Harrell. Field singled to left, Wigginton scored, Iannetta to second. Millwood bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iannetta out at third, Field to second. Young Jr. hit by pitch, Field to third, Millwood to second. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to left, Field scored. Smith singled to right, Millwood to third, Young Jr. to second. Kouzmanoff fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Lee struck out looking. Bogusevic grounded out to first. Johnson singled to center. Barmes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Harrell pitching for Astros. Pacheco singled to left. Wigginton flied out to center. Iannetta singled to right, Pacheco to third. Field singled to center, Pacheco scored, Iannetta to second. Millwood sacrificed to third, Iannetta to third, Field to second. Iannetta scored, Field to third on balk by Harrell. Young Jr. struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Towles struck out swinging. Wallace hit for Harrell. Wallace flied out to right. Schafer reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve singled to deep right center, Schafer to second, Schafer scored, Altuve to third on error by center fielder Young Jr.. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Ellis singled to left. Ellis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Smith walked. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Smith to third. Pacheco singled to left, Smith scored, Kouzmanoff to second. Wigginton doubled to deep left, Kouzmanoff scored, Pacheco to third. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pacheco out at home, Wigginton to third. Field singled to center, Wigginton scored, Iannetta to third. Millwood struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Lee lined out to third. Bogusevic walked. Johnson struck out looking. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Young Jr. walked. Ellis popped out to third. Smith singled to right, Young Jr. to third. Kouzmanoff hit sacrifice fly to right, Young Jr. scored. Pacheco lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Towles grounded out to shortstop. Corporan hit for Rodriguez. Corporan popped out to shortstop. Schafer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Pendleton pitching for Astros. Wigginton lined out to left. Iannetta fouled out to first. Field walked. Millwood homered to left (337 feet), Field scored. Young Jr. reached on infield single to second. Ellis popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Altuve flied out to right. Martinez lined out to center. Lee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Pendleton pitching for Astros. Smith reached on infield single to shortstop. Kouzmanoff homered to left (409 feet), Smith scored. Pacheco struck out swinging. Wigginton tripled to deep center. Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to left, Wigginton scored. Field singled to right. Millwood grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Millwood pitching for Rockies. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Cedeno pitching for Astros. Sanchez at shortstop. Young Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Ellis singled to center. Smith lined out to center. Kouzmanoff homered to left (345 feet), Ellis scored. Pacheco singled to center. Wigginton reached on infield single to shortstop, Pacheco to second. Iannetta homered to left center(395 feet), Pacheco and Wigginton scored. Field grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Towles grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez struck out swinging. Schafer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Abreu pitching for Astros. Reynolds struck out looking. Young Jr. walked. Ellis singled to left center, Young Jr. to second. Smith flied out to center, Young Jr. to third. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Pacheco catching. Iannetta at first base. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Altuve grounded out to second. Martinez lined out to right. Lee singled to left. Bogusevic reached on infield single to shortstop, Lee to second. Johnson singled to left, Lee scored, Bogusevic to second. Shuck hit for Abreu. Shuck singled to center, Bogusevic scored, Johnson to second. Towles struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 19 - Astros 3.	Rockies tally team-record 25 hits to rout Astros