Cubs - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Almora Jr. flied out to center. Bryant singled to left. Rizzo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bryant safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Drury. Zobrist grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rizzo out at second, Bryant to third. Happ grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Cubs. Peralta singled to deep center. Rosales singled to right, Peralta to second. Pollock grounded into double play, third to first, Peralta out at third, Rosales to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 11 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Schwarber struck out swinging. Báez struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Martinez flied out to right. Marte singled to center. Drury struck out looking. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Lester struck out swinging. Almora Jr. lined out to shortstop. Bryant doubled to deep center. Rizzo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Corbin struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to second. Rosales struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. Happ struck out looking. Schwarber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Pollock popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. Martinez singled to left, Goldschmidt to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Drury fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Báez singled to right. Avila singled to right, Báez to second. Lester sacrificed to first, Báez to third, Avila to second. Almora Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Báez out at home, Avila to third. Bryant walked, Almora Jr. to second. Rizzo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Mathis flied out to center. Corbin struck out looking. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Zobrist grounded out to first. Happ struck out swinging. Schwarber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Rosales singled to shallow left. Pollock grounded out to shortstop, Rosales to second. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Martinez doubled to deep right, Rosales scored, Goldschmidt to third. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt scored, Martinez to third, Marte safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Báez. Drury doubled to deep center, Martinez and Marte scored. Mathis struck out swinging. Drury to third on wild pitch by Lester. Corbin struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Báez singled to center. Avila flied out to left. La Stella hit for Lester. La Stella popped out to second. Jay hit for Almora Jr.. Jay safe at first on error by third baseman Rosales, Báez to second. Bryant flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Jay in center field. Rondón pitching for Cubs. Peralta doubled to right. Descalso hit for Rosales. Peralta to third on wild pitch by Rondón. Descalso struck out swinging. Pollock singled to center, Peralta scored. Goldschmidt singled to right center, Pollock to third. Martinez walked, Goldschmidt to second. Marte popped out to third. Drury flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Descalso at third base. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo grounded out to second. Zobrist grounded out to second. Happ walked. Schwarber struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. Herrmann hit for Bradley. Herrmann struck out swinging. Peralta inside-the-park home run to deep left center (415 feet). Descalso doubled to left. Pollock lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks. Báez grounded out to pitcher. Avila grounded out to second. Caratini hit for Grimm. Caratini singled to left. Jay singled to center, Caratini to third. Jay to second on fielder's indifference. Bryant singled to center, Caratini and Jay scored. Bryant to second on fielder's indifference. Rizzo singled to left, Bryant to third. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Zobrist struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 2 - Diamondbacks 6.	Corbin leads D-backs over Cubs 6-2 as NL Central tightens