Orioles - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Rays. Mullins reached on bunt single to catcher. DJ Stewart grounded out to second, Mullins to second. Mountcastle walked. Severino grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mountcastle out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Orioles. Arozarena flied out to right. Renfroe hit by pitch. Lowe walked, Renfroe to second. Brosseau flied out to right. Adames homered to left (368 feet), Renfroe scored and Lowe scored. Lowe struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Rays. Sisco struck out swinging. Alberto homered to left (369 feet). Ruiz struck out swinging. Hays grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Orioles. Margot lined out to left. Smith lined out to left. Wendle singled to shallow center. Arozarena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wendle out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Rays. Valaika flied out to center. Mullins struck out swinging. DJ Stewart walked. Mountcastle doubled to right, DJ Stewart scored. Severino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Orioles. Renfroe homered to left (389 feet). Lowe struck out swinging. Brosseau hit by pitch. Adames grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brosseau out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Rays. Sisco singled to right. Alberto lined out to left. Ruiz homered to right (375 feet), Sisco scored. Hays struck out swinging. Valaika reached on infield single to third. Mullins reached on infield single to pitcher, Valaika to second. DJ Stewart doubled to deep right, Mullins scored and Valaika scored. Mountcastle struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Orioles. Lowe singled to left. Lakins pitching for Orioles. Margot popped out to second. Smith struck out swinging. Wendle homered to right (399 feet), Lowe scored. Arozarena doubled to left. Renfroe walked. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Lowe popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Fairbanks pitching for Rays. Severino struck out looking. Sisco singled to left. Alberto struck out swinging. Ruiz reached on infield single to shortstop, Sisco to second. Hays grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sisco out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Sulser pitching for Orioles. Brosseau walked. Brosseau stole second. Adames reached on infield single to third, Brosseau safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Ruiz. Lowe singled to center, Brosseau scored, Adames to second. Tate pitching for Orioles. Margot reached on bunt single to catcher, Lowe to second, Adames to third. Smith reached on infield single to catcher, Adames scored, Margot to second, Lowe to third. Wendle hit sacrifice fly to left, Lowe scored, Smith to second, Margot to third. Arozarena hit sacrifice fly to left, Margot scored. Phillips pitching for Orioles. Renfroe struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Phillips in left field. Curtiss pitching for Rays. Valaika flied out to right. Mullins grounded out to shortstop. DJ Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Phillips pitching for Orioles. Lowe struck out looking. Brosseau struck out swinging. Adames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Curtiss pitching for Rays. Mountcastle popped out to second. Severino lined out to center. Sisco hit by pitch. Sisco to second on fielder's indifference. Alberto safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Adames, Sisco safe at third on error. Alberto to second on fielder's indifference. Ruiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Rays 10.	Rays earn AL playoff spot with doubleheader sweep of Orioles