Indians - Top 1st . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore singled to right , Cabrera to second . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second , Cabrera to third . Hafner walked . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Davis popped out to shortstop . Barton flied out to center . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Branyan walked . LaPorta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Branyan out at second . Valbuena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Suzuki singled to right . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Marson walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Marson out at second . Sizemore flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gross singled to right . Rosales singled to right , Gross to third . Pennington lined out to second . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Choo struck out looking . Hafner walked . Peralta singled to left , Hafner to second . Branyan singled to right , Hafner to third , Peralta to second . LaPorta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Branyan out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Barton walked . Sweeney lined out to left . Suzuki singled to left , Barton to second . Chavez struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Barton scored , Suzuki to third . Gross lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . Marson grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rosales grounded out to third . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Sizemore grounded out to second . Choo singled to right . Choo picked off first . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Barton doubled to deep right center . Sweeney singled to right center , Barton scored . Suzuki homered to left center ( 380 feet ) , Sweeney scored . Chavez safe at first on error by pitcher Laffey . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chavez out at second . Gross flied out to center . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kouzmanoff out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Peralta walked . Branyan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . LaPorta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Pennington flied out to left . Davis grounded out to second . Barton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Valbuena fouled out to third . Marson struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Wright pitching for Indians . Sweeney singled to center . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Sweeney to second . Sweeney to third on wild pitch by Wright . Chavez walked . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Sweeney scored , Chavez to second . Gross safe at first on error by second baseman Valbuena , Chavez to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez scored , Gross out at second , Kouzmanoff to third . Pennington walked , Rosales to second . Davis doubled to left , Kouzmanoff , Rosales and Pennington scored . Barton safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera , Davis to third . Sweeney singled to shallow right , Davis scored , Barton to second . Suzuki grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Kilby pitching for Athletics . Sizemore flied out to center . Choo struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 0 - Athletics 10 .	Suzuki 's shot , pitching power A 's over Indians