White Sox - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierre flied out to center . Pierzynski flied out to center . Rios grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Crowe grounded out to pitcher . Choo singled to right center . Kearns lined into double play , shortstop to second to first , Choo doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Konerko lined out to right . Kotsay flied out to right . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Branyan flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to third . LaPorta singled to left . LaPorta to second on balk by Buehrle . Chi White Sox 's Manager Guillen ejected by West in the 2nd . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Teahen flied out to left . Ramirez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Beckham grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Marson struck out looking . Donald reached on infield single to shortstop . Donald to second on balk by Buehrle . Chi White Sox 's Buehrle ejected by West in the 3rd . Crowe reached on infield single to shortstop , Donald to third . Williams pitching for White Sox . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crowe out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierre doubled to deep left center . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Pierre to third . Rios walked . Konerko singled to left , Pierre scored , Rios to third , Konerko to second on throwing error by left fielder Kearns . Kotsay intentionally walked . Quentin struck out swinging . Teahen singled to center , Rios and Konerko scored , Kotsay to third . Ramirez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Kearns singled to center . Branyan doubled to deep right , Kearns to third . Pena pitching for White Sox . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to left , Kearns scored . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Branyan out at third . Valbuena struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to second . Pierzynski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Marson struck out swinging . Donald singled to left . Crowe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Donald out at second . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rios singled to center . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Rios scored . Quentin grounded out to second . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Kearns walked . Branyan singled to center , Kearns to second . Peralta flied out to center . LaPorta flied out to right . Valbuena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ramirez flied out to left . Beckham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Donald . Pierre grounded out to second , Beckham to second . Pierzynski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Marson lined out to center . Donald struck out swinging . Crowe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Indians . Rios flied out to left . Konerko flied out to left . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Kearns flied out to center . Branyan popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Quentin safe at first on error by third baseman Peralta . Teahen grounded out to second , Quentin to second . Ramirez struck out swinging , Ramirez safe at first on wild pitch by Ambriz , Quentin to third . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 9th . Vizquel at third base . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Peralta doubled to deep right . LaPorta walked . Valbuena singled to left , Peralta to third , LaPorta to second . Hafner hit for Marson . Hafner walked , Peralta scored , LaPorta to third , Valbuena to second . Duncan hit for Donald . Duncan singled to left , LaPorta and Valbuena scored , Hafner to second . Crowe sacrificed to third , Hafner to third , Duncan to second . Choo intentionally walked . Kearns struck out swinging . Branyan flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Indians 4 .	ChiSox win after ejections