Indians - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Crowe grounded out to second . Choo flied out to center . Hafner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Huff pitching for Indians . Jackson singled to right . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . Ordonez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Peralta struck out swinging . Branyan singled to right . LaPorta safe at first on error by shortstop Everett , Branyan to second . Valbuena flied out to center . Marson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaPorta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Huff pitching for Indians . Cabrera walked . Boesch walked , Cabrera to second . Guillen doubled to left , Cabrera and Boesch scored . Inge grounded out to pitcher . Laird grounded out to third . Everett grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Donald singled to right . Donald to second on balk by Porcello . Crowe flied out to left . Choo doubled to deep center , Donald scored . Hafner struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Huff pitching for Indians . Jackson doubled to left center . Raburn singled to center , Jackson scored . Ordonez tripled to deep right center , Raburn scored . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Ordonez scored . Boesch tripled to deep right center . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boesch out at home . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillen out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Branyan hit by pitch . LaPorta walked , Branyan to second . Valbuena singled to left , Branyan to third , LaPorta to second . Marson safe at second on error by third baseman Inge , Branyan and LaPorta scored , Valbuena to third . Donald safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Guillen , Valbuena scored , Marson to third . Crowe flied out to left . Choo doubled to deep right , Marson scored , Donald to third . Hafner grounded out to second , Donald scored , Choo to third . Peralta flied out to center . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Huff pitching for Indians . Laird hit by pitch . Lewis pitching for Indians . Everett flied out to left . Jackson doubled to center , Laird to third . Raburn struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Branyan flied out to center . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop . Valbuena doubled to left center . Marson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Cabrera lined out to right . Boesch singled to left . Guillen doubled to deep left center , Boesch to third . Inge singled to left center , Boesch scored , Guillen to third . Laird struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Donald grounded out to third . Crowe singled to right center . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to left . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Jackson hit ground rule double to deep center . Raburn sacrificed to pitcher , Jackson to third . Ordonez doubled to deep right center , Jackson scored . Cabrera intentionally walked . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera out at second , Ordonez to third . Guillen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Kelly in left field . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Peralta flied out to right . Branyan flied out to center . LaPorta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Inge struck out swinging . Laird walked . Everett singled to left center , Laird to third . Jackson struck out swinging , Laird scored , Everett to second on wild pitch by Sipp . Everett to third on wild pitch by Sipp . Kelly walked . Ordonez homered to left ( 375 feet ) , Everett and Kelly scored . Cabrera homered to left center ( 418 feet ) . Perez pitching for Indians . Boesch singled to left . Guillen grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Valbuena safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Guillen . Marson walked , Valbuena to second . Donald struck out swinging . Crowe flied out to center . Coke pitching for Tigers . Santiago at second base . Choo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Inge reached on infield single to second . Laird struck out swinging . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inge out at second . Jackson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Duncan hit for Hafner . Duncan struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to left . Branyan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Tigers 12 .	Tigers rebound from debacle to top Indians