Indians - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Donald grounded out to shortstop . Choo lined out to center . Kearns singled to center . Branyan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pierre struck out swinging . Vizquel singled to center . Rios hit by pitch , Vizquel to second . Jones grounded out to pitcher , Vizquel to third , Rios to second . Kotsay walked . Quentin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Peralta singled to center . Hafner struck out swinging . Duncan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Beckham reached on infield single to second . Beckham stole second , Beckham safe at third on throwing error by catcher Marson . Pierre walked . Pierre stole second . Vizquel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Valbuena singled to center . Marson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valbuena out at second . Donald grounded out to pitcher , Marson to second . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Rios flied out to center . Jones walked . Jones caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first . Kotsay walked . Quentin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Kearns struck out swinging . Branyan struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Ramirez homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Beckham grounded out to second . Pierre reached on infield single to third . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vizquel batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hafner grounded out to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Valbuena singled to right . Marson walked , Valbuena to second . Donald flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Vizquel singled to right . Rios flied out to right . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Choo doubled to right . Kearns walked . Branyan singled to right , Choo to third , Kearns to second . Peralta doubled to deep left , Choo and Kearns scored , Branyan to third . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Branyan out at home . Duncan doubled to left , Peralta scored , Hafner to third . Valbuena singled to left , Hafner scored , Duncan to third . Santos pitching for White Sox . Marson walked , Valbuena to second . Donald struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Kotsay walked . Quentin hit by pitch , Kotsay to second . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quentin out at second , Kotsay to third . Ramirez walked . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Beckham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Kearns singled to center . Branyan walked , Kearns to second . Kearns to third , Branyan to second on wild pitch by Santos . Peralta doubled to deep center , Kearns and Branyan scored . Williams pitching for White Sox . Hafner grounded out to third . Duncan intentionally walked . Valbuena lined out to left . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Marson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Crowe in center field . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Pierre flied out to center . Vizquel struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Donald flied out to left . Choo walked . Kearns homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Choo scored . Branyan hit ground rule double to right . Peralta singled to center , Branyan to third . Hafner lined out to shortstop . Crowe tripled to deep center , Branyan and Peralta scored . Valbuena flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Jones lined out to left . Kotsay flied out to center . Quentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Nix at third base . Lillibridge at shortstop . Putz pitching for White Sox . Marson walked . Donald struck out swinging . Choo flied out to center . Marson to second on wild pitch by Putz . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Pierzynski singled to right . Lillibridge flied out to center . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 10 - White Sox 1 .	Masterson halts skid , Indians top White Sox