Mets - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Reyes walked . Reyes stole second . Pagan grounded out to second , Reyes to third . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop , Reyes scored . Davis grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Wright out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Mets . Crowe flied out to center . Choo flied out to center . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Bay grounded out to second . Carter grounded out to first . Barajas singled to right . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barajas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Mets . Hafner homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Kearns lined out to third . Branyan walked . Peralta singled to left , Branyan to second . Valbuena singled to right , Branyan to third , Peralta to second . Donald out on batter 's interference to catcher . Donald batting . Crowe singled to left , Branyan and Peralta scored , Valbuena to second . Choo flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Cora grounded out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Pagan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Mets . Santana struck out looking . Hafner singled to center . Kearns grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Wright struck out looking . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis safe at second on error by shortstop Donald . Carter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bay out at second , Davis to third . Barajas flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Mets . Branyan grounded out to second . Peralta walked . Peralta to second on balk by Santana . Valbuena grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Donald singled to center , Peralta scored . Crowe popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Francoeur singled to left . Cora reached on bunt single to catcher , Francoeur to second . Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher , Francoeur to third , Cora to second , Francoeur scored , Cora to third , Reyes to second on throwing error by pitcher Masterson . Pagan grounded out to first . Wright reached on infield single to shortstop , Cora and Reyes scored . Davis homered to center ( 405 feet ) , Wright scored . Bay flied out to right . Carter grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Mets . Choo lined out to left . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Hafner fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop . Cora struck out swinging . Francoeur caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reyes batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Mets . Kearns flied out to left . Branyan flied out to left . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Reyes lined out to left . Pagan safe at first on error by shortstop Donald . Wright singled to left , Pagan to second . Davis walked , Pagan to third , Wright to second . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pagan scored , Davis out at second , Wright to third . Carter flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Mets . Valbuena bunt grounded out to pitcher . Donald flied out to center . Crowe doubled to deep left . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Barajas flied out to left . Francoeur flied out to right . Cora singled to shallow left . Reyes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Santana walked . Hafner struck out swinging . Kearns grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Pagan reached on infield single to shortstop . Pagan stole second . Wright struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to shortstop , Pagan to third . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Branyan singled to right . Peralta flied out to center . Valbuena struck out looking . Duncan hit for Donald . Duncan homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Branyan scored . Crowe flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 7 - Indians 6 .	Mets back Santana with rally against Indians \n\n