Indians - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Crowe grounded out to second . Choo struck out swinging . Santana popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Victorino grounded out to second . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Utley singled to right . Utley stole second . Howard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Branyan popped out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . Duncan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Werth singled to left . Ibanez singled to right , Werth to second . Valdez singled to right , Werth to third , Ibanez to second . Sardinha grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth and Ibanez scored on error by catcher Santana , Valdez safe at third . Blanton hit by pitch . Victorino grounded out to pitcher , Valdez scored , Sardinha to third , Blanton to second . Polanco singled to center , Sardinha scored , Blanton to third . Utley hit sacrifice fly to center , Blanton scored . Howard grounded out to catcher . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . Donald reached on infield single to shortstop . Carmona sacrificed to pitcher , Donald to second . Crowe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Werth singled to left . Ibanez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Werth out at second . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Choo flied out to left . Santana popped out to second . Branyan reached on bunt single to third . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sardinha popped out to shortstop . Blanton grounded out to second . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Duncan singled to right center . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Duncan out at second . Donald homered to left ( 365 feet ) , Valbuena scored . Carmona grounded out to first . Crowe struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Polanco singled to center . Utley singled to right , Polanco to third . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Polanco scored , Utley to second . Werth singled to left , Utley scored , Howard to second . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Ibanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second , Howard to third . Valdez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Choo struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . Branyan fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Sardinha homered to left ( 379 feet ) . Blanton grounded out to shortstop . Victorino singled to right . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Victorino scored . Utley reached on infield single to third , Polanco to third . Howard walked , Utley to second . Werth hit sacrifice fly to right , Polanco scored , Utley to third . Ibanez walked , Howard to second . Lewis pitching for Indians . Valdez singled to right center , Utley and Howard scored , Ibanez to third . Sardinha flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Marte popped out to shortstop . Duncan struck out swinging . Valbuena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Hernandez in left field . Duncan in right field . Lewis pitching for Indians . Blanton grounded out to pitcher . Victorino grounded out to second . Polanco singled to right center . Castro hit for Utley . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Castro at second base . Gload at first base . Blanton pitching for Phillies . Donald doubled to deep right center . Hafner hit for Lewis . Hafner struck out swinging . Crowe doubled to deep center , Donald scored . Hernandez struck out swinging . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Crowe to third on wild pitch by Figueroa . Santana grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Indians . Gload grounded out to third . Werth struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Branyan lined out to shortstop . Marte flied out to left . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Phillies 12 .	Blanton outduels Carmona ; Phils sweep Indians