Indians - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Brantley flied out to left . Nix homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Santana walked . Kearns struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Borbon grounded out to shortstop . Arias grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler reached on infield single to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Duncan lined out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . Crowe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Hamilton homered to center ( 406 feet ) . Cruz grounded out to second . Smoak grounded out to pitcher . Treanor walked . Blanco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Donald fouled out to first . Brantley grounded out to pitcher . Nix hit by pitch . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Borbon grounded out to pitcher . Arias grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Kearns lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Duncan singled to left . Marte safe at first on error by third baseman Blanco , Duncan to second . Crowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Guerrero hit by pitch . Hamilton singled to right , Guerrero to third . Cruz flied out to right , Hamilton to second . Smoak intentionally walked . Treanor struck out looking . Blanco doubled to deep right , Guerrero and Hamilton scored , Smoak to third . Borbon hit by pitch . Arias flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Donald hit by pitch . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Donald out at second . Brantley caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Nix flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Kinsler struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to left . Hamilton flied out to left . Guerrero to second on passed ball by Santana . Cruz singled to left , Guerrero thrown out at home , Guerrero to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Santana flied out to center . Kearns walked . Peralta flied out to center . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Smoak walked . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smoak out at second . Blanco singled to right , Treanor to second . Borbon singled to right , Treanor to third , Blanco to second . Arias doubled to deep left , Treanor , Blanco and Borbon scored . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero homered to left center ( 428 feet ) , Arias scored . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Marte singled to right center . Crowe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . Donald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Ambriz pitching for Indians . Cruz homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Smoak singled to center . Treanor fouled out to first . Blanco singled to right , Smoak to second . Borbon grounded out to first , Smoak to third , Blanco to second . Arias reached on infield single to third , Smoak scored , Blanco to third . Kinsler reached on infield single to second , Blanco scored , Arias to second . Guerrero struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Murphy in left field . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Brantley singled to left . Nix singled to right , Brantley to second . Santana grounded out to first , Brantley to third , Nix to second . Kearns struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez at third base . Perez pitching for Indians . Murphy homered to right ( 409 feet ) . Cruz flied out to center . Smoak singled to left . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smoak out at second . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Treanor out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Mathis pitching for Rangers . Duncan popped out to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . Crowe lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - Rangers 12 .	Hamilton extends home hit streak ; Rangers roll