Pirates - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison singled to left. Polanco singled to right, Harrison to third. McCutchen walked, Polanco to second. Walker fouled out to third. Marte struck out swinging. Álvarez singled to right, Harrison and Polanco scored, McCutchen to third. Mercer lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Inciarte singled to left, Inciarte out stretching at second. Pollock popped out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Goldschmidt stole second. Trumbo walked. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Liriano struck out looking. Harrison flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Owings struck out swinging. Pacheco singled to center. Ahmed walked, Pacheco to second. Pacheco picked off second. Hellickson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco flied out to center. McCutchen walked. Walker singled to left, McCutchen to second. Marte struck out swinging. Álvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Inciarte lined out to third. Pollock struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer flied out to center. Stewart flied out to left. Liriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Tomás safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tomás out at second, Owings to second on error by first baseman Álvarez. Pacheco struck out looking. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison flied out to left. Polanco singled to center. McCutchen singled to left, Polanco to second. Walker doubled to deep right center, Polanco and McCutchen scored. Marte struck out swinging. Hill at second base. Owings at shortstop. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Álvarez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Hill lined out to right. Inciarte grounded out to first. Pollock lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer grounded out to second. Stewart grounded out to third. Liriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Trumbo popped out to shortstop. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison lined out to right. Polanco grounded out to second. McCutchen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Owings grounded out to second. Pacheco walked. Pennington hit for Chafin. Pennington walked, Pacheco to second. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Hill grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker singled to left. Marte singled to center, Walker to second. Rodriguez hit for Álvarez. Rodriguez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Walker out at third, Marte to second. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to right, Marte to third, Rodriguez to second. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to left, Marte scored. Lambo hit for Hughes. Lambo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez at first base. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock singled to center. Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt flied out to right, Pollock to third. Trumbo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison doubled to left. Polanco doubled to right, Harrison scored. Polanco to third on wild pitch by Hudson. McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to center, Polanco scored. Walker walked. Marte singled to right center, Walker to third. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez singled to right, Walker scored, Marte to second. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second, Marte to third. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Tomás walked. Owings struck out swinging. Pacheco struck out swinging. Gosewisch hit for Delgado. Gosewisch fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Diamondbacks 0.	Pirates complete 1st desert sweep with 8-0 win over D-backs