Nationals - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Span grounded out to second. Escobar struck out looking. Werth flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center. Pollock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper doubled to right. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Harper to third. Desmond grounded out to second. Lobatón grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Hill singled to center. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop, Owings to second. Ahmed singled to left, Owings scored, Ahmed to third on throwing error by left fielder Werth. Hellickson fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Espinosa grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Span walked. Escobar hit by pitch, Span to second. Werth homered to left center (440 feet), Span and Escobar scored. Harper popped out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Inciarte singled to left. Trumbo walked, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center, Inciarte scored, Trumbo to third. Pollock grounded out to second, Trumbo scored, Goldschmidt to third. Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond, Goldschmidt scored. Owings grounded out to shortstop, Hill to second. Pacheco walked. Ahmed struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman singled to left. Desmond grounded out to third, Zimmerman to second. Lobatón grounded out to shortstop, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa intentionally walked. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Hellickson singled to left center. Inciarte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hellickson out at second. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Span singled to center. Escobar flied out to right. Werth flied out to left. Harper walked, Span to second. Span stole third. Harper stole second. Zimmerman fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Goldschmidt tripled to center. Pollock singled to left, Goldschmidt scored. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pollock out at second. Owings reached on infield single to shortstop. Pacheco flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to third. Lobatón grounded out to first. Espinosa walked. Moore hit for Gonzalez. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Pennington at third base. Moore homered to left (376 feet), Espinosa scored. Span flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ahmed struck out swinging. Pennington walked. Inciarte doubled to left, Pennington to third. Trumbo popped out to second. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Pollock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar fouled out to first. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Taylor in right field. Peralta hit for Pérez. Roark pitching for Nationals. Peralta struck out looking. Owings singled to right. Pacheco singled to center, Owings to second. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pacheco out at second, Owings to third. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. Lobatón walked. Espinosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Inciarte safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Inciarte caught stealing second, catcher to second. Trumbo walked. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Pollock singled to center, Trumbo to second. Tomás hit for Ziegler. Tomás singled to center, Trumbo scored, Pollock to third. Owings lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson hit for Barrett. Robinson grounded out to third. Span singled to center. Escobar singled to left, Span to second. Werth walked, Span to third, Escobar to second. Taylor homered to center (444 feet), Span, Escobar and Werth scored. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Desmond lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Pacheco struck out looking. Ahmed struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Diamondbacks 6.	Taylor's slam sends Washington to 9-6 win over Diamondbacks