Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Inciarte struck out looking. Pollock singled to right. Goldschmidt singled to right, Pollock to third. Peralta grounded out to first, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to second. Goldschmidt to third on wild pitch by Phelps. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon bunt grounded out to third. Ozuna flied out to right. Stanton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Hill walked. Hill stole second. Gosewisch grounded out to second, Hill to third. Ahmed doubled to left, Hill scored. Ahmed stole third. Anderson grounded out to pitcher, Ahmed scored. Inciarte grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado lined out to third. Yelich walked. Morse grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Pollock flied out to center. Goldschmidt walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Tomás reached on infield single to second, Peralta to second. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher. Solano grounded out to third. Phelps grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Gosewisch safe at first on error by third baseman Prado. Ahmed lined out to second. Anderson struck out looking. Inciarte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt grounded out to third, Pollock to second. Peralta singled to left center, Pollock to third. Pollock stole home. Peralta stole second. Tomás lined out to second. Hill lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado singled to left center. Yelich lined out to left. Morse lined out to right. Hechavarría grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Prado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Bour at first base. Gosewisch singled to right. Ahmed struck out swinging, Gosewisch stole second. Anderson sacrificed to pitcher, Gosewisch to third. Inciarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano lined out to second. Bour doubled to deep left. Gordon grounded out to second, Bour to third. Ozuna lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Pollock singled to center. Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging, Pollock stole third. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center, Pollock scored. Tomás struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to second. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Hill grounded out to third. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Ahmed singled to center. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Solano hit for Hand. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano grounded out to second. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. Solano lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Inciarte lined out to center. Pollock singled to right. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher, Pollock to second. Peralta singled to right center, Pollock scored. Tomás reached on infield single to pitcher, Peralta to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at third, Tomás to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Bour singled to right center. Gordon hit by pitch, Bour to second. Ozuna singled to left, Bour to third, Gordon to second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bour scored, Ozuna out at second, Gordon to third. Prado lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Marlins 1.	Anderson pitches Diamondbacks past Marlins, 6-1