Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Latos pitching for Marlins. Inciarte singled to shallow center. Inciarte to second on passed ball by Realmuto. Pollock flied out to left, Inciarte to third. Peralta struck out swinging. Tomás doubled to right, Inciarte scored. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon walked. Ozuna singled to shallow center, Gordon to third. Stanton singled to left center, Gordon scored, Ozuna to second. Prado reached on infield single to third, Ozuna to third, Stanton to second. Yelich grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ozuna scored, Prado out at second, Stanton to third. Bour singled to left center, Stanton scored. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bour out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for Marlins. Owings grounded out to first. Pacheco singled to left center. Pacheco stole second. Pennington walked. Bradley struck out bunting foul. Inciarte singled to left center, Pacheco scored, Pennington to third. Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Latos. Pollock flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Hechavarría singled to right center. Latos sacrificed to catcher, Hechavarría to second. Gordon grounded out to pitcher, Hechavarría to third. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for Marlins. Peralta struck out swinging. Tomás grounded out to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton walked. Stanton to second on passed ball by Pacheco. Prado struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to first, Stanton to third. Bour struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Latos pitching for Marlins. Owings struck out swinging. Pacheco flied out to right. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto tripled to deep center. Hechavarría hit sacrifice fly to center, Realmuto scored. Latos singled to shallow left. Gordon struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Latos out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Latos pitching for Marlins. Bradley struck out swinging. Inciarte struck out looking. Pollock doubled to left center. Peralta fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton fouled out to catcher. Prado singled to shallow right center. Yelich singled to shallow right, Prado to third. Bour struck out swinging. Realmuto lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Latos pitching for Marlins. Tomás singled to shallow center. Tomás to second on wild pitch by Latos. Trumbo walked. Owings sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tomás to third, Trumbo to second. Pacheco hit sacrifice fly to center, Tomás scored. Pennington doubled to right, Trumbo scored, Owings to third. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Owings scored, Pennington to third. Inciarte singled to shallow center, Pennington scored. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop. Baker reached on infield single to third, Baker to second on throwing error by third baseman Tomás. Gordon struck out swinging. Ozuna singled to center, Baker scored. Stanton walked, Ozuna to second. Prado singled to right center, Ozuna scored, Stanton to third. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Prado out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Peralta struck out looking. Tomás flied out to center. Trumbo doubled to deep right. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Solano hit for Cishek. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Solano bunt grounded out to pitcher. Realmuto flied out to center. Hechavarría flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Pacheco walked. Pennington sacrificed to catcher, Pacheco to second. Goldschmidt hit for Chafin. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third, Pacheco to third, Pennington to second. Inciarte flied out to right, Pacheco tagged out at home, Pennington to third, Goldschmidt to second. Pollock reached on infield single to third, Pennington scored, Goldschmidt to third. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Tomás struck out swinging. Trumbo flied out to right. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Stanton struck out swinging. Prado flied out to center. Yelich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Marlins 6.	Arizona completes 4-game sweep of Marlins 7-6