Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte lined out to third. Trumbo reached on infield single to first. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Pollock doubled to center, Trumbo to third. Tomás doubled to left, Trumbo and Pollock scored. Hill struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong walked. Carpenter walked, Wong to second. Holliday singled to center, Wong scored, Carpenter to second. Adams struck out looking. Peralta doubled to deep right, Carpenter and Holliday scored, Peralta to third advancing on throw. Molina grounded out to third, Peralta scored. Heyward popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Gosewisch lined out to left. Ahmed homered to left center (377 feet). Bradley struck out looking. Inciarte singled to center. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk homered to right center (413 feet). García struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to first. Carpenter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Pollock safe at first on error by second baseman Wong. Tomás doubled to deep right, Pollock scored. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Gosewisch fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday lined out to center. Adams flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Bradley singled to right. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bradley out at second. Inciarte caught stealing second, catcher to second. Trumbo batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina singled to left. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Heyward stole second. Grichuk singled to left, Heyward scored. Grichuk stole second. García struck out swinging. Wong walked. Nuño pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Pollock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday struck out swinging. Adams doubled to deep right. Reynolds ran for Adams. Peralta struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Reynolds at first base. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to left. Gosewisch safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Reynolds, Hill to third. Ahmed grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gosewisch out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward struck out swinging. Grichuk popped out to first. Kozma hit for García. Kozma flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Cardinals. Pennington hit for Nuño. Pennington singled to left. Inciarte sacrificed to pitcher, Pennington to second. Trumbo lined out to right. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Pollock walked, Pennington to third, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong struck out swinging. Carpenter lined out to shortstop. Holliday doubled to deep center, Holliday out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Cardinals. Hill struck out swinging. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed doubled to deep right. Peralta hit for Hudson. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds grounded out to first. Peralta singled to left center. Molina lined out to center. Heyward lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Belisle pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte flied out to left. Trumbo grounded out to third. Goldschmidt walked. Pollock singled to right, Goldschmidt to second, Goldschmidt to third, Pollock to second on error by right fielder Heyward. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Tomás grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Cardinals 6.	Garcia gets 1st win, Cardinals beat Diamondbacks 6-4