Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte flied out to right. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pollock out at second. Tomás singled to right, Goldschmidt to second. Trumbo walked, Goldschmidt to third, Tomás to second. Pennington grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trumbo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong homered to right (365 feet). Carpenter flied out to left. Holliday lined out to right. Peralta flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Gosewisch grounded out to second. Ahmed lined out to left. Collmenter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. Molina hit ground rule double to left. Reynolds singled to center, Molina scored. Heyward popped out to shortstop. Lynn struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte flied out to left. Pollock walked. Goldschmidt popped out to second. Pollock stole second. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong popped out to second. Carpenter lined out to right. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Trumbo homered to center (434 feet). Pennington flied out to left. Gosewisch flied out to right. Ahmed struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta singled to left. Grichuk doubled to left, Peralta to third. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Reynolds walked. Heyward popped out to shortstop. Lynn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Collmenter struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock reached on bunt single to pitcher. Goldschmidt walked, Pollock to second. Tomás lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong grounded out to second. Carpenter walked. Holliday singled to right center, Carpenter to third. Peralta lined out to third. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Trumbo struck out swinging. Pennington singled to right. Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop, Pennington to second. Ahmed walked. Peralta hit for Collmenter. Peralta singled to right, Pennington scored, Ahmed to second, Ahmed scored, Peralta to second on error by right fielder Heyward. Inciarte grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Pacheco catching. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to third. Reynolds grounded out to third. Heyward singled to left. Cruz hit for Lynn. Cruz lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Harris pitching for Cardinals. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop. Tomás flied out to left. Trumbo walked, Goldschmidt to second. Pennington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong flied out to center. Carpenter struck out looking. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Harris pitching for Cardinals. Pacheco flied out to center. Ahmed grounded out to second. Hill hit for Pérez. Hill flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta lined out to left. Grichuk reached on infield single to second. Molina grounded out to second, Grichuk to second. Reynolds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte grounded out to first. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward homered to right (393 feet). Bourjos hit for Maness. Bourjos singled to left. Wong grounded out to second, Bourjos to second. Carpenter intentionally walked. Holliday walked, Bourjos to third, Carpenter to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bourjos out at home, Carpenter to third, Holliday to second, Carpenter scored on throwing error by catcher Pacheco. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Cardinals 4.	Cardinals rally, complete sweep of Diamondbacks