Braves - Top 1st. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Peterson grounded out to first. Simmons singled to right. Freeman grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Simmons out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Inciarte grounded out to third. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging, Pollock stole second. Trumbo lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis singled to center. Uribe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. Pierzynski singled to center. Gomes doubled to left, Pierzynski to third. Cunningham intentionally walked. Wood singled to center, Pierzynski and Gomes scored, Cunningham to third, Wood to second on throwing error by center fielder Pollock. Peterson walked. Simmons singled to center, Cunningham scored, Wood to third, Peterson to second. Freeman grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Hill lined out to center. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Owings lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis grounded out to first. Uribe hit by pitch. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Gomes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Ahmed lined out to second. Bradley struck out looking. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cunningham popped out to third. Wood struck out looking. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Pollock flied out to left. Goldschmidt singled to right. Trumbo flied out to left. Hill lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Simmons doubled to deep right. Freeman homered to right center (451 feet), Simmons scored. Markakis lined out to left. Uribe lined out to center. Pierzynski walked. Gomes grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia doubled to left. Owings struck out looking. Ahmed reached on bunt single to pitcher, Saltalamacchia to third. Tomás hit for Bradley. Tomás grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ahmed to second. Inciarte hit sacrifice fly to center, Saltalamacchia scored, Tomás out at second, Ahmed to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Cunningham hit by pitch. Wood sacrificed to pitcher, Cunningham to second. Cunningham stole third. Peterson doubled to left, Cunningham scored. Simmons grounded out to second, Peterson to third. Freeman singled to right, Peterson scored. Markakis singled to center, Freeman to second. Uribe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Pollock struck out looking. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Trumbo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Gomes flied out to center. Cunningham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Wood pitching for Braves. Hill lined out to center. Saltalamacchia lined out to right. Owings hit ground rule double to right. Ahmed flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wood struck out looking. Peterson flied out to left. Simmons struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Pacheco hit for Pérez. Wood pitching for Braves. Pacheco singled to center. Inciarte singled to right, Pacheco to second. Pollock grounded into double play, third to first, Pacheco out at third, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Freeman singled to left. Markakis safe at second on error by first baseman Goldschmidt, Freeman to third. Young Jr. ran for Markakis. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Freeman scored. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Gomes struck out swinging. Cunningham grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Young Jr. in left field. Gomes in right field. Cahill pitching for Braves. Trumbo struck out looking. Hill lined out to center. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Diamondbacks 1.	Freeman homers again to lift Braves to 8-1 win over Arizona