Angels - Top 1st. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun walked. Trout grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Pollock struck out swinging. Hill flied out to right. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols struck out swinging. Freese walked. Navarro grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Tomás hit ground rule double to deep center. Owings struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Pérez flied out to center. Featherston homered to left center (402 feet). Wilson grounded out to first. Giavotella homered to left (383 feet). Calhoun walked. Trout struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Ahmed singled to center. Webster struck out swinging. Pollock grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Freese struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Hill singled to left. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Tomás grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Pérez grounded out to third. Featherston popped out to shortstop. Wilson singled to right, Wilson out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Owings struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia fouled out to catcher. Peralta doubled to deep right. Ahmed doubled to deep center, Peralta scored. Webster struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Giavotella singled to left. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout tripled to deep right, Giavotella scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Freese walked, Pujols to second. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Navarro singled to right, Trout and Pujols scored, Freese to third. Pérez doubled to deep left, Freese and Navarro scored. Featherston struck out looking. Wilson struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Pollock struck out looking. Hill singled to left. Hill to second on wild pitch by Wilson. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Tomás lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Giavotella flied out to center. Calhoun grounded out to second. Trout doubled to deep left. Pujols intentionally walked. Freese lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Owings flied out to right. Saltalamacchia grounded out to third. Peralta singled to right. Ahmed lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Navarro popped out to second. Pérez flied out to left. Featherston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Robertson in left field. Pennington hit for Collmenter. Wilson pitching for Angels. Pennington singled to left. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second. Pollock to second on wild pitch by Wilson. Hill grounded out to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Tomás at first base. Peralta in right field. Pennington in left field. Kubitza hit for Wilson. Kubitza walked. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kubitza out at second. Calhoun popped into double play, third to first, Giavotella doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Tomás safe at first on error by shortstop Featherston. Owings struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tomás out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Angels 7 - Diamondbacks 1.	Featherston hits 1st HR, Wilson strong in Angels' 7-1 rout