Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hale pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded out to third. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to center. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to second on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed. Tulowitzki singled to left, LeMahieu scored. Arenado popped out to shortstop. Paulsen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Tomás grounded out to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings walked. Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Owings out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Rosario struck out swinging. Hundley homered to center (432 feet). Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Hale grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hale pitching for Rockies. Ahmed singled to right. Webster bunt popped out foul to first. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ahmed out at second. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon lined out to shortstop. LeMahieu singled to center. Tulowitzki popped out to first. Arenado popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt lined out to right. Tomás doubled to deep right. Lamb doubled to left, Tomás scored. Owings doubled to deep right, Lamb scored. Saltalamacchia walked. Ahmed singled to deep right, Owings scored, Saltalamacchia to third, Ahmed to second advancing on throw. Webster struck out swinging. Pollock grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulsen lined out to center. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop. Hundley lined out to center. Barnes walked, Rosario to second. Hale struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hale pitching for Rockies. Peralta walked. Goldschmidt homered to center (432 feet), Peralta scored. Tomás singled to left. Lamb popped out to shortstop. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tomás out at second. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Owings to third. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Ahmed grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to right. Blackmon stole second. Blackmon stole third. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki walked. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado singled to center, Blackmon scored, Tulowitzki to second. Paulsen walked, Tulowitzki to third, Arenado to second. Rosario singled to right, Tulowitzki scored, Arenado to third, Paulsen to second. Hundley walked, Arenado scored, Paulsen to third, Rosario to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Pennington at shortstop. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulsen scored, Rosario out at third, Hundley to second. McKenry hit for Bergman. McKenry grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Rockies. Pennington singled to center. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Peralta flied out to center. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon flied out to center. LeMahieu struck out looking. Tulowitzki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Tomás singled to right. Tomás to second on wild pitch by Oberg. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Owings flied out to center, Tomás to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado flied out to left. Paulsen walked. Rosario grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Paulsen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Paulsen at first base. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Barnes in left field. González in right field. Dorn hit for Burgos. Dorn flied out to center. Pennington struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley fouled out to first. Barnes grounded out to second. Descalso hit for Kahnle. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Rockies. Peralta reached on infield single to third. Goldschmidt walked, Peralta to second. Tomás singled to left, Peralta scored, Goldschmidt to second. Lamb singled to shallow center, Goldschmidt to third, Tomás to second. Owings struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia walked, Goldschmidt scored, Tomás to third, Lamb to second. Hill hit for Hudson. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Tomás scored, Lamb to third. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Pennington flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to second. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 7.	Diamondbacks rally past Rockies 8-7