Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Ahmed safe at first on error by shortstop Amarista. Pollock fouled out to first. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ahmed out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp doubled to left. Solarte grounded out to second, Kemp to third. Alonso singled to right center, Kemp scored. Upton singled to right center, Alonso to third. Norris grounded out to shortstop, Alonso scored, Upton to second. Venable struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Peralta singled to center. Tomás singled to right, Peralta to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Lamb singled to center, Peralta to third, Tomás to second. Owings struck out swinging. Hellickson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Amarista struck out swinging. Cashner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Ahmed flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center. Peralta doubled to deep right, Goldschmidt scored. Tomás doubled to left, Peralta scored. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp struck out swinging. Solarte doubled to deep right. Alonso flied out to right. Upton walked. Norris popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Lamb flied out to left. Owings struck out looking. Hellickson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable grounded out to pitcher. Spangenberg doubled to deep left. Spangenberg to third on wild pitch by Hellickson. Barmes ran for Spangenberg. Amarista struck out looking. Cashner lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Barmes at shortstop. Amarista at second base. Cashner pitching for Padres. Ahmed singled to right. Ahmed caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Pollock grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp struck out swinging. Solarte lined out to center. Alonso hit ground rule double to deep left. Upton homered to right (363 feet), Alonso scored. Norris struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Peralta popped out to second. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable singled to left. Barmes singled to right, Venable to third. Amarista flied out to left. Cashner reached on bunt single to pitcher, Venable scored, Barmes to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Kemp singled to left, Barmes scored, Cashner to second. Solarte singled to right, Cashner scored, Kemp to third. Alonso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Solarte out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Lamb singled to right. Owings grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. Dorn hit for Delgado. Dorn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Upton flied out to left. Norris flied out to left. Venable singled to right. Barmes doubled to left, Venable to third. Amarista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mateo pitching for Padres. Ahmed popped out to second. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Wallace hit for Mateo. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Wallace popped out to second. Kemp grounded out to third. Solarte singled to right center. Alonso lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Peralta struck out looking. Tomás lined out to center. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Padres 7.	Justin Upton homers to lift Padres to 7-2 win over D-backs