Rockies - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to right. LeMahieu singled to center, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki homered to left center (426 feet), Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. González singled to center. McKenry singled to right, González to second. Paulsen singled to center, González scored, McKenry to second. Barnes grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Paulsen out at second, McKenry to third. Descalso grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ahmed flied out to right. Pollock popped out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Tomás homered to right center (391 feet). Castillo walked. Hill lined out to center. Peralta doubled to deep left center, Castillo to third. Owings grounded out to third. De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki lined out to right. González grounded out to second. McKenry lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ahmed reached on infield single to third. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ahmed out at second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulsen popped out to shortstop. Barnes lined out to first. Descalso lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Tomás lined out to third. Castillo struck out swinging. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. De La Rosa struck out swinging. Blackmon lined out to left. LeMahieu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out looking. Owings struck out looking. De La Rosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki singled to right. González homered to left center (384 feet), Tulowitzki scored. McKenry walked. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulsen struck out swinging. Barnes singled to left center, McKenry to second. Descalso struck out swinging. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Ahmed doubled to deep left. Pollock grounded out to third, Ahmed to third. Goldschmidt walked. Tomás hit sacrifice fly to left, Ahmed scored. Castillo singled to center, Goldschmidt to third. Hill grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out looking. Owings struck out swinging. Pennington hit for Hernandez. Pennington flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. González singled to right center. González to second on passed ball by Castillo. McKenry walked. Paulsen sacrificed to shortstop, González to third, McKenry to second. Barnes intentionally walked. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barnes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Ahmed lined out to center. Pollock doubled to deep right. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right, Pollock scored. Tomás singled to right, Goldschmidt scored. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Castillo struck out swinging. Hill walked, Tomás to second. Logan pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb at third base. Rosario hit for Logan. Rosario lined out to center. Blackmon doubled to deep right center. LeMahieu lined out to right, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Axford pitching for Rockies. Owings flied out to right. Lamb reached on infield single to third. Ahmed singled to center, Lamb to second. Pollock lined out to right. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 4.	Tulowitzki's homer leads Rockies to 6-4 win over D-backs