Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Inciarte flied out to center. Pennington singled to deep right. Peralta flied out to center. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar grounded out to third. Rendon flied out to center. Harper walked. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Tomás struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Werth lined out to center. Desmond homered to left center (407 feet). Ramos lined out to right. Taylor grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Hellickson lined out to first. Inciarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross struck out looking. Escobar hit by pitch. Rendon walked, Escobar to second. Harper walked, Escobar to third, Rendon to second. Robinson struck out looking. Werth grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Pennington struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep center. Lamb flied out to left. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond doubled to deep left. Ramos singled to center, Desmond to third. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to second, Desmond scored, Ramos out at second. Ross sacrificed to catcher, Taylor to second. Escobar flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia homered to right center (381 feet). Tomás singled to center. Hernández struck out swinging. Hellickson sacrificed to first, Tomás to second. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon grounded out to third. Harper singled to right. Robinson lined out to right. Harper to second on passed ball by Hernández. Werth struck out swinging, Werth safe at first on wild pitch by Hellickson, Harper to third. Desmond walked, Werth to second. Ramos singled to left, Harper and Werth scored, Desmond to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor walked, Desmond to third, Ramos to second. Ross flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Pennington grounded out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Lamb singled to right center. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Owings at second base. Escobar struck out swinging. Rendon walked. Harper walked, Rendon to second. Robinson flied out to center. Werth grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Saltalamacchia walked. Tomás singled to center, Saltalamacchia to second. Castillo hit for Hernández. Castillo singled to right center, Saltalamacchia to third, Tomás to second. Owings popped out to second. Inciarte doubled to right, Saltalamacchia and Tomás scored, Castillo to third. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Pennington flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Castillo catching. Webster pitching for Diamondbacks. Desmond grounded out to third. Ramos grounded out to third. Taylor hit by pitch. Zimmerman hit for Thornton. Taylor stole second. Zimmerman doubled to deep center, Taylor scored. Escobar lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Lamb lined out to shortstop. Pollock hit for Webster. Pollock popped out to second. Saltalamacchia walked. Tomás popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Rendon singled to left. Harper singled to right center, Rendon to third. Robinson homered to right center (395 feet), Rendon and Harper scored. Werth grounded out to shortstop. Desmond grounded out to third. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Castillo struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. Inciarte singled to right. Inciarte to second on fielder's indifference. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Nationals 8.	Desmond, Ross lift Nationals over Diamondbacks