Phillies - Top 1st. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley grounded out to first. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Franco hit by pitch. Blanco ran for Franco. Howard singled to right, Blanco to second, Blanco scored on error by right fielder Tomás. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, Howard out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Pollock singled to center. Pollock stole second. Lamb struck out swinging. Goldschmidt lined out to right, Pollock to third. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruf doubled to deep center. Galvis sacrificed to first, Ruf to third. Rupp grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ruf out at third, Rupp to second advancing on play. Buchanan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Tomás singled to left. Saltalamacchia walked, Tomás to second. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop, Tomás to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Owings hit ground rule double to deep left, Tomás and Saltalamacchia scored, Hill to third. Hellickson singled to center, Hill and Owings scored. Pollock singled to right, Hellickson to second. Lamb lined out to second. Goldschmidt walked, Hellickson to third, Pollock to second. Peralta homered to left center (405 feet), Hellickson, Pollock and Goldschmidt scored. Tomás doubled to left. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Hill homered to left (388 feet), Tomás scored. Owings doubled to right. Hellickson singled to right, Owings scored. Neris pitching for Phillies. Pollock flied out to right. 11 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley grounded out to second. Herrera flied out to left. Blanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Neris pitching for Phillies. Lamb flied out to left. Goldschmidt hit by pitch. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Howard grounded out to second. Francoeur doubled to deep center. Ruf fouled out to right, Francoeur to third. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Inciarte grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging, Saltalamacchia safe at first on passed ball by Rupp. Hill lined out to right. Owings flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Rupp singled to right. Neris struck out swinging. Utley singled to right, Rupp to second. Herrera popped out to third. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Loewen pitching for Phillies. Hellickson struck out swinging. Pollock doubled to left. Lamb struck out looking. Goldschmidt walked. Peralta singled to center, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to second. Romak ran for Peralta. Inciarte lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Howard lined out to third. Francoeur flied out to center. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Loewen pitching for Phillies. Saltalamacchia homered to left (382 feet). Hill struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. Hellickson walked. Pollock flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Galvis lined out to center. Rupp singled to center. Loewen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rupp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Lamb lined out to left. Hernández grounded out to first. Romak fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hellickson pitching for Diamondbacks. Utley singled to left center. Herrera fouled out to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Utley to second on fielder's indifference. Howard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Inciarte fouled out to third. Saltalamacchia lined out to center. Hill doubled to left. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Ruf struck out looking. Galvis singled to right. Rupp fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Diamondbacks 13.	D'backs score 11 in 2nd inning of 13-1 win over Phillies