Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Inciarte struck out looking. Pollock doubled to right center. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta singled to center, Pollock scored. Hill singled to left, Peralta to third. Lamb grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Peterson flied out to center. Maybin singled to center. Markakis flied out to left. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Owings flied out to right. Corbin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. García struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Simmons walked. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Inciarte grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Foltynewicz grounded out to third. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Peralta homered to right (382 feet). Hill walked. Lamb singled to right, Hill to second. Saltalamacchia lined out to right, Hill to third. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill scored, Lamb out at second. Corbin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Markakis grounded out to second. Gomes grounded out to third. García grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Inciarte singled to shallow center. Pollock singled to center, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt singled to right, Inciarte to third, Pollock to second. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center, Inciarte scored, Pollock to third. Hill hit sacrifice fly to right, Pollock scored. Lamb doubled to deep right, Goldschmidt scored. Jackson pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Simmons grounded out to pitcher. Lavarnway doubled to deep left. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Owings grounded out to second. Corbin struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to second. Markakis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks. Gomes struck out swinging. García singled to left. Swisher struck out looking. Simmons walked, García to second. Lavarnway walked, García to third, Simmons to second. Pérez hit for Jackson. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Terdoslavich hit for Pérez. Terdoslavich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Detwiler pitching for Braves. Hill flied out to right. Lamb grounded out to pitcher. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right. Owings walked. Romak hit for Hernandez. Romak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hessler pitching for Diamondbacks. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin doubled to deep left. Markakis lined out to center. Gomes singled to center, Maybin scored. García doubled to deep center, Gomes scored. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Swisher homered to right (363 feet), García scored. Simmons safe at first on error by shortstop Owings. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Brigham pitching for Braves. Inciarte walked. Pollock hit by pitch, Inciarte to second. Inciarte stole third, Pollock stole second. Goldschmidt singled to shallow center, Inciarte and Pollock scored. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Peralta walked, Goldschmidt to second. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Lamb grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn hit for Marksberry. Bourn grounded out to second. Peterson grounded out to second. Maybin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Braves 4.	Corbin allows only 3 hits, Diamondbacks hold off Braves 8-4