Cardinals - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter walked. Pham singled to right, Carpenter to third, Pham to second advancing on throw. Peralta struck out looking. Heyward singled to center, Carpenter and Pham scored. Heyward stole second. Molina doubled to right, Heyward scored. Molina stole third. Piscotty walked. Wong singled to left, Molina scored, Piscotty to second. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Piscotty out at third, Wong to second. García struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte flied out to left. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Goldschmidt walked. Castillo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to first. Pham walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pham out at second. Heyward grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Tomás singled to left. Owings struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina walked. Piscotty lined out to center. Wong flied out to left. Reynolds walked, Molina to second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Ray struck out swinging. Inciarte flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter hit by pitch. Pham singled to right, Carpenter to third, Pham to second advancing on throw. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center, Carpenter scored, Pham to third. Heyward reached first base on catcher's interference. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Pham scored. Piscotty grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep right. Goldschmidt to third on wild pitch by García. Castillo struck out swinging. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Goldschmidt scored. Tomás lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong doubled to center. Reynolds flied out to left. García struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Owings flied out to center. Ahmed flied out to center. Saltalamacchia hit for Delgado. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham tripled to deep center. Peralta singled to center, Pham scored. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peralta out at second. Molina grounded out to third, Heyward to second. Piscotty singled to left, Heyward scored. Wong flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kozma at third base. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Pollock reached on infield single to second. Goldschmidt singled to left, Pollock to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds fouled out to first. Bourjos hit for García. Bourjos homered to left (400 feet). Kozma lined out to right. Pham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Pham in left field. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Piscotty in right field. Bourjos in center field. Tomás flied out to center. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Lamb at first base. Hernández catching. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta singled to left. Garcia ran for Peralta. Maness struck out swinging. Cruz hit for Molina. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Garcia out at second. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Garcia at shortstop. Cruz catching. Peralta hit for Reynolds. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Peralta reached on infield single to second. Inciarte singled to right, Peralta to second. Pollock lined out to third. Lamb grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Inciarte out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Inciarte in center field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in left field. Wong grounded out to first. Reynolds singled to center. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. Kozma walked, Bourjos to second. Pham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Cardinals. Hernández grounded out to third. Hill singled to left. Tomás lined out to center. Owings flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Diamondbacks 1.	Pham gets 3 hits, Cardinals win 80th in 9-1 rout