Cardinals - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter walked. Pham walked, Carpenter to second. Heyward struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. Wong doubled to left, Carpenter scored, Pham to third. Moss grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte walked. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz homered to left (424 feet). Garcia walked. Martínez hit sacrifice bunt to first, Garcia to second, Martinez safe at first. Carpenter doubled to left, Garcia scored, Martínez to third. Pham flied out to center. Heyward flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Peralta singled to left center. Castillo singled to left center, Peralta to second. Lamb singled to center, Peralta scored, Castillo to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second, Castillo to third. Owings walked, Hill to second. De La Rosa struck out looking. Inciarte singled to right, Castillo and Hill scored, Owings to third. Pollock lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong grounded out to second. Moss walked. Moss to second on balk by De La Rosa. Cruz popped out to second. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez grounded out to first. Carpenter struck out swinging. Pham grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Lamb grounded out to shortstop. Hill flied out to left. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward grounded out to third. Peralta struck out swinging. Wong singled to center. Moss homered to right (376 feet), Wong scored. Cruz grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Tomás hit for De La Rosa. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Pollock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds hit for Garcia. Reynolds flied out to center. Martínez grounded out to second. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Carpenter at third base. Reynolds at first base. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. Castillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham singled to right. Heyward grounded out to second, Pham to second. Peralta intentionally walked. Wong grounded out to pitcher, Pham to third, Peralta to second. Moss walked. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Pham in left field. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Bourjos in center field. Lamb singled to left. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lamb out at second. Owings struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia hit for Reed. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds singled to right. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reynolds out at second. Bourjos caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cishek pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte walked. Pollock walked, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt walked, Inciarte to third, Pollock to second. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo struck out swinging. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham grounded out to pitcher. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward reached on infield single to first. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Heyward out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Molina catching. Hill walked. Owings lined out to right. Ahmed hit for Ziegler. Ahmed struck out swinging. Inciarte singled to right, Hill to second. Pollock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Diamondbacks 3.	Home runs, clutch relief help Cardinals top Diamondbacks 5-3