Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Inciarte flied out to right. Pollock singled to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to first, Pollock to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to left. Reyes struck out swinging, Blackmon stole second. Arenado grounded out to third. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Castillo singled to right. Lamb grounded into double play, first to third to first, Castillo out at second. Gosselin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to right. LeMahieu stole second. Hundley struck out swinging. McBride grounded out to second, LeMahieu to third. Barnes intentionally walked. Barnes stole second. Bettis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Owings reached on infield single to second. Ray sacrificed to third, Owings to second. Inciarte singled to right, Owings scored. Pollock homered to left (424 feet), Inciarte scored. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Peralta singled to left. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon tripled to deep left center. Reyes grounded out to shortstop, Blackmon scored. Arenado struck out swinging. González struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Lamb grounded out to second. Gosselin lined out to left. Owings singled to right center. Ray grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu doubled to deep right. Hundley flied out to center, LeMahieu to third. McBride flied out to left. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Inciarte struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep center. Peralta singled to right, Goldschmidt scored. Castillo singled to center, Peralta to second. Lamb struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Bettis grounded out to pitcher. Blackmon walked. Reyes walked, Blackmon to second. Arenado flied out to right. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gosselin grounded out to second. Owings doubled to left. Owings to third on wild pitch by Bettis. Ray flied out to left. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Hundley struck out swinging. McBride singled to center. Barnes hit by pitch, McBride to second. Parker hit for Bettis. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Parker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Germen pitching for Rockies. Pollock grounded out to third. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Friedrich pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon doubled to left. Reyes grounded out to first, Blackmon to third. Arenado lined out to second. González walked. LeMahieu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Castro pitching for Rockies. Castillo struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to left. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ahmed at shortstop. Owings at second base. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley singled to center. McBride flied out to center. Hundley picked off first. Barnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Castro pitching for Rockies. Owings lined out to right. Saltalamacchia hit for Hernandez. Saltalamacchia lined out to center. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso hit for Castro. Descalso singled to right center. Blackmon struck out swinging. Reyes doubled to right, Descalso to third. Arenado singled to deep left, Descalso and Reyes scored. González lined out to left. LeMahieu safe at first on error by pitcher Ziegler, Arenado to second.  Arenado to third, LeMahieu to second on throwing error by pitcher Ziegler. Hundley walked. Paulsen hit for McBride. Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulsen singled to right center, Arenado and LeMahieu scored, Hundley to third, Paulsen to second advancing on throw. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 5.	Paulsen's 2-run single lifts Rockies over Diamondbacks, 5-4