Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Inciarte bunt popped out to first. Pollock flied out to left. Goldschmidt homered to center (434 feet). Peralta safe at first on error by second baseman Descalso. Castillo flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Blackmon singled to shallow left, Blackmon out stretching at second. Adames hit ground rule double to deep center. González flied out to center. Arenado singled to right, Adames scored. Arenado to second on balk by De La Rosa. Paulsen doubled to left center, Arenado scored. McBride flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Lamb singled to center. Gosselin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lamb out at second. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Descalso grounded out to second. Garneau lined out to pitcher. Kendrick singled to left. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. De La Rosa struck out looking. Inciarte singled to right. Pollock grounded out to third, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Adames grounded out to second. González struck out swinging. Arenado homered to left (435 feet). Paulsen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Rockies. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to third. Lamb walked. Gosselin walked, Lamb to second. Owings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. McBride grounded out to third. Descalso grounded out to first. Garneau popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. De La Rosa grounded out to first. Inciarte flied out to center. Pollock singled to right. Goldschmidt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Bergman grounded out to third. Blackmon lined out to right. Adames hit by pitch. González flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Adames. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peralta out at second. Lamb flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Arenado fouled out to first. Paulsen popped out to shortstop. McBride lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Barnes in left field. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Gosselin hit by pitch. Owings walked, Gosselin to second. Hill hit for De La Rosa. Hill doubled to deep left, Gosselin and Owings scored. Ahmed ran for Hill. Díaz pitching for Rockies. Parker in left field. Inciarte flied out to left. Pollock homered to right center (387 feet), Ahmed scored. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Owings at second base. Ahmed at shortstop. Descalso safe at first on error by second baseman Owings. Garneau struck out swinging. Parker struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Diaz pitching for Rockies. Lamb struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia hit for Burgos. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Owings singled to left center. Owings stole second. Owings safe at third on throwing error by catcher Garneau. Ahmed grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Adames grounded out to shortstop. González grounded out to first. Arenado hit ground rule double to deep center. Paulsen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Inciarte grounded out to second. Axford pitching for Rockies. Pollock struck out looking. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. LeMahieu hit for Axford. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. LeMahieu singled to right center. Descalso grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, LeMahieu out at second. Hundley hit for Garneau. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Rockies 3.	Gosselin, Pollock help D-backs sweep Rockies, 6-4 and 5-3