Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed struck out looking. Owings lined out to right. Pollock flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt, Ruggiano to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Ruggiano to third, Kendrick to second. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Seager intentionally walked. Ellis popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Tomás singled to shallow right, Tomás out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey singled to left. Guerrero struck out looking. Wood sacrificed to pitcher, Heisey to second. Ruggiano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Peralta struck out swinging. Drury grounded out to third. Ray grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Van Slyke singled to shallow right. Seager grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Ahmed doubled to left. Owings sacrificed to third, Ahmed to third. Pollock grounded out to shortstop, Ahmed scored. Goldschmidt lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Heisey struck out swinging. Guerrero walked. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Tomás struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruggiano flied out to center. Kendrick lined out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Drury grounded out to second. Ray struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke fouled out to first. Seager grounded out to pitcher. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Owings grounded out to third. Pollock homered to center (409 feet). Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt homered to right center (381 feet). Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Tomás struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Heisey walked. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heisey out at second. Barnes hit for Hatcher. Barnes walked, Guerrero to second. Hill at second base. Owings at shortstop. Ruggiano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barnes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Peralta singled to left. Drury singled to left, Peralta to second. Romak hit for Chafin. Peralta caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second to shortstop, Drury to second on runner's fielder's choice. Romak walked. García pitching for Dodgers. Hill struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Inciarte in right field. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendrick struck out swinging. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Crawford hit for Van Slyke. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ruggiano in right field. Crawford in left field. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Pollock singled to right. Goldschmidt singled to right, Pollock to third. Saltalamacchia singled to left, Pollock scored, Goldschmidt to second. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Inciarte reached on bunt single to first, Goldschmidt to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at home, Saltalamacchia to third, Inciarte to second. Saltalamacchia scored, Inciarte to third, Peralta to second on passed ball by Ellis. Drury homered to left center (417 feet), Inciarte and Peralta scored. Gosselin hit for Hudson. Gosselin grounded out to second. Hill struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager lined out to center. Ellis lined out to second. Schebler hit for Heisey. Schebler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Dodgers 0.	Ray stymies Dodgers through 6 in D-backs' 8-0 win