Mets - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Granderson singled to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Céspedes singled to right, Granderson to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to center, Granderson scored. Loney lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Revere singled to center. Revere stole second. Werth walked. Harper walked, Revere to third, Werth to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Revere out at home, Werth to third, Harper to second. Ramos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Flores struck out swinging. Nimmo singled to right. d'Arnaud singled to center, Nimmo to second. Syndergaard struck out looking. Granderson singled to right, Nimmo scored, d'Arnaud to third. Cabrera walked, Granderson to second. Céspedes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Rendon struck out swinging. Espinosa singled to right. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Walker singled to left. Loney doubled to deep right, Walker to third. Flores singled to center, Walker and Loney scored. Nimmo reached on infield single to third, Flores to second. d'Arnaud flied out to center, Flores to third. Syndergaard bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Flores out at home, Nimmo to second. Granderson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Syndergaard pitching for Mets. Revere singled to right. Revere stole second. Werth walked. Harper singled to deep right, Revere scored, Werth to third. Harper stole second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Werth scored, Harper out at third. Ramos singled to left, Murphy to second. Murphy to third, Ramos to second on wild pitch by Syndergaard. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Rendon singled to right, Murphy and Ramos scored. Rendon stole second. Espinosa singled to right, Rendon scored. Espinosa stole second. Ross struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Cabrera lined out to right. Céspedes lined out to right. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Gilmartin pitching for Mets. Revere singled to center. Werth struck out swinging. Revere stole second. Harper walked. Murphy singled to right, Revere scored, Harper to third. Ramos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Murphy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Loney lined out to shortstop. Flores flied out to left. Nimmo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Gilmartin pitching for Mets. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Rendon reached on infield single to second. Espinosa doubled to left, Rendon scored. Ross singled to left, Espinosa to third. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Espinosa scored, Ross to second. Werth doubled to deep center, Ross and Revere scored. Harper reached on infield single to third, Werth tagged out at home. Murphy flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Nationals. d'Arnaud singled to center. Johnson hit for Gilmartin. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, d'Arnaud out at second. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Ramos walked. Zimmerman doubled to deep left, Ramos to third. Rendon hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramos scored, Zimmerman to third. Espinosa grounded out to second. Heisey hit for Ross. Heisey struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to center. Céspedes singled to left, Cabrera to second. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Céspedes out at second, Cabrera to third. Loney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Revere singled to shallow left. Werth lined out to right. Harper lined out to left. Murphy singled to left, Revere to second. Revere to third, Murphy to second on wild pitch by Goeddel. Ramos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Taylor in right field. Vazquez pitching for Nationals. Flores singled to left. Nimmo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flores out at second. d'Arnaud singled to left, Nimmo to second. Reynolds hit for Goeddel. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nimmo out at third, d'Arnaud to second. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Bastardo pitching for Mets. Zimmerman struck out looking. Rendon flied out to left. Espinosa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Nationals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Céspedes flied out to center. Walker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Nationals 11.	Nationals defeat Syndergaard, Mets 11-4 in series opener