Mets - Top 1st. Green pitching for Yankees. Granderson homered to right (329 feet). Walker singled to center. Céspedes singled to right, Walker to second. Bruce walked, Walker to third, Céspedes to second. Loney singled to center, Walker scored, Céspedes to third, Bruce to second. Conforto struck out looking. Flores grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Loney out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Matz pitching for Mets. Ellsbury struck out looking. Refsnyder singled to right. Teixeira walked, Refsnyder to second. Headley doubled to deep left center, Refsnyder and Teixeira scored. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius doubled to deep right, Headley scored. Romine grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Green pitching for Yankees. Johnson doubled to right. Rivera singled to center, Johnson scored. Granderson walked, Rivera to second. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Granderson out at second, Rivera to third. Céspedes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Matz pitching for Mets. Sánchez struck out swinging. Hicks lined out to left. Ellsbury singled to left center. Refsnyder singled to left, Ellsbury to second. Teixeira homered to right (356 feet), Ellsbury and Refsnyder scored. Headley grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Green pitching for Yankees. Bruce grounded out to second. Loney singled to center, Loney to second on error by center fielder Ellsbury. Conforto walked. Flores grounded into double play, third to second to first, Conforto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Matz pitching for Mets. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius lined out to shortstop. Romine lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Green pitching for Yankees. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Rivera struck out looking. Granderson walked. Walker singled to center, Granderson to second. Severino pitching for Yankees. Céspedes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Matz pitching for Mets. Sánchez fouled out to first. Hicks grounded out to third. Ellsbury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Bruce popped out to shortstop. Loney popped out to third. Conforto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Matz pitching for Mets. Refsnyder struck out swinging. Teixeira hit by pitch. Headley grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Flores struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Rivera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Matz pitching for Mets. Castro grounded out to third. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Romine grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Granderson walked. Walker reached on bunt single to pitcher, Granderson to second. Céspedes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Granderson safe at third on error by third baseman Headley, Walker to second. Bruce struck out looking. Loney grounded out to first, Granderson scored, Walker to third, Céspedes to second. Conforto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Robles pitching for Mets. Sánchez singled to center. Hicks doubled to deep right, Sánchez to third. Ellsbury struck out looking. Refsnyder hit sacrifice fly to center, Sánchez scored. Teixeira walked. Headley walked, Hicks to third, Teixeira to second. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Hicks scored, Teixeira to third, Headley to second. Edgin pitching for Mets. Gregorius walked, Teixeira scored, Headley to third, Castro to second. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Romine flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Severino pitching for Yankees. Flores struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to first. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Sánchez struck out swinging. Hicks safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Flores. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hicks out at second. Refsnyder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 9th. Clippard pitching for Yankees. Granderson popped out to shortstop. Walker homered to right center (384 feet). Céspedes struck out swinging. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Yankees 9.	Teixeira sparks Yankees to 9-5 Subway Series win over Mets