Mets - Top 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Granderson flied out to left. Kelly walked. Walker singled to center, Kelly to second, Kelly to third on error by center fielder Collins. Bruce popped out to second. Flores grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Verrett pitching for Mets. Kinsler grounded out to third. Collins walked. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Collins scored. Martínez grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. J.D. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. d'Arnaud struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to second. Rivera walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Verrett pitching for Mets. Castellanos walked. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castellanos out at second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Granderson flied out to center. Kelly flied out to right. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Verrett pitching for Mets. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop. Iglesias caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kinsler struck out looking. Collins tripled to deep right. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Bruce homered to right center (437 feet). Flores singled to center. d'Arnaud popped out to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Rivera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Verrett pitching for Mets. Martínez doubled to deep right. J.D. Martinez singled to center, Martínez to third. Castellanos hit by pitch, J.D. Martinez to second. Upton popped out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Martínez and J.D. Martinez scored, Castellanos to second. Iglesias flied out to right, Castellanos to third. Kinsler singled to left, Castellanos scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Niese pitching for Mets. Collins reached on infield single to shortstop, Saltalamacchia to third, Kinsler to second. Cabrera singled to right, Saltalamacchia and Kinsler scored, Collins to third. Martínez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Aviles at third base. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Reynolds grounded out to second. Granderson homered to right center (403 feet). Kelly reached on infield single to third. Walker walked, Kelly to second. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second, Kelly to third. Flores singled to right, Kelly scored, Bruce to third. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. J.D. Martinez struck out swinging. Aviles lined out to center. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Johnson singled to center. Conforto hit for Rivera. Conforto reached on infield single to catcher, Johnson to second. Reynolds grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Conforto out at second, Johnson to third. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Iglesias bunt grounded out to pitcher. Kinsler doubled to left. Collins walked. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Kelly singled to right. Walker reached on infield single to third, Kelly to second. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kelly scored, Walker safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Cabrera. Flores safe at first on error by third baseman Aviles, Walker scored, Bruce to second. d'Arnaud grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Flores out at second, Bruce to third. Johnson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Robles pitching for Mets. Martínez lined out to center. J.D. Martinez walked. Aviles flied out to center. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, J.D. Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Conforto struck out swinging. Loney hit for Reynolds. Loney singled to left. Granderson grounded into double play, to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Flores at shortstop. Loney at first base. Robles pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia popped out to shortstop. Iglesias lined out to first. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Tigers. Kelly grounded out to pitcher. Walker flied out to left. Bruce singled to left. De Aza hit for Flores. De Aza singled to left, Bruce to second. d'Arnaud singled to right, Bruce thrown out at home, De Aza to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 5 - Tigers 6.	Martinez's throw gives Tigers 6-5 win over Mets