Mets - Top 1st. Cueto pitching for Giants. Reyes singled to left. Reyes out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Johnson flied out to right. Bruce grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Lugo pitching for Mets. Span struck out swinging. Pagán flied out to left. Belt tripled to deep right. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Céspedes grounded out to shortstop. Loney grounded out to second. Granderson homered to right (385 feet). Cabrera singled to center. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Lugo pitching for Mets. Crawford struck out swinging. Pence flied out to center. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Cueto pitching for Giants. Lugo grounded out to third. Reyes doubled to deep right. Johnson struck out swinging. Bruce flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Lugo pitching for Mets. Panik singled to right. Cueto sacrificed to pitcher, Panik to second. Span singled to right, Panik scored. Pagán grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Span out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Céspedes flied out to center. Loney singled to left. Granderson grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Lugo pitching for Mets. Belt lined out to left. Posey lined out to third. Crawford lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Cabrera grounded out to first. Rivera singled to right. Lugo bunted into fielder's choice to first, Rivera out at second. Reyes singled to left center, Lugo to second. Johnson singled to right, Lugo out at home, Reyes to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Lugo pitching for Mets. Pence doubled to center. Núñez lined into double play, center to shortstop, Pence doubled off second. Panik safe at first on error by first baseman Loney. Cueto popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Bruce struck out looking. Céspedes grounded out to second. Loney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Lugo pitching for Mets. Span singled to center. Pagán singled to center, Span to second. Belt grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Pagán out at second, Span to third. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Cueto pitching for Giants. Granderson flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to right. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Lugo pitching for Mets. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Pence struck out swinging. Núñez doubled to deep center. Panik intentionally walked. Blanco hit for Cueto. Blevins pitching for Mets. Adrianza hit for Blanco. Adrianza singled to right, Núñez scored, Panik to third, Adrianza to second advancing on throw. Span singled to left, Panik scored, Adrianza to third. Pagán grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Strickland pitching for Giants. De Aza hit for Blevins. De Aza grounded out to first. Reyes singled to center. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reyes to second. López pitching for Giants. Bruce grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Smoker pitching for Mets. Belt reached on infield single to second. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belt out at second. Crawford singled to center, Posey to second. Familia pitching for Mets. Flores at second base. Pence singled to right, Posey to third, Crawford to second. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posey scored, Pence out at second, Crawford to third. Núñez stole second. Panik safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera, Crawford and Núñez scored. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Gillaspie hit for López. Gillaspie homered to right (365 feet), Panik scored. Span singled to right. Pagán singled to right, Span to third. Belt struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 9th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Céspedes singled to center. Loney singled to center, Céspedes to second. Granderson grounded out to pitcher, Céspedes to third, Loney to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Céspedes out at third. Rivera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 1 - Giants 8.	Cueto snaps winless skid and helps Giants beat Mets 8-1