Mariners - Top 1st. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Suzuki popped out to third. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Kotchman doubled to deep center, Figgins scored. Bradley walked. Bradley caught stealing second, pitcher to shortstop. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Davis reached on infield single to pitcher. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Davis out at second. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to first, Barton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Lopez struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Johnson homered to left. Ja Wilson flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki walked. Chavez struck out looking. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Figgins walked, Suzuki tagged out at third. Figgins batting. Figgins stole second. Figgins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to left, Figgins scored. Bradley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Pennington struck out swinging. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Griffey Jr walked. Lopez flied out to left. Gutierrez singled to left, Griffey Jr to second. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Barton walked. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barton out at second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Ja Wilson fouled out to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to second. Chavez grounded out to second. Ellis walked. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Kotchman struck out swinging. Bradley walked. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington singled to right. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second. Davis stole second. Davis to third on wild pitch by Hernandez. Barton walked. Sweeney singled to center, Davis scored, Barton to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to first, Barton out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez lined out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Ja Wilson safe at first on error by first baseman Barton, Johnson to second. Suzuki struck out looking. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Suzuki grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Ellis walked. Buck walked, Ellis to second. White pitching for Mariners. Pennington singled to right, Ellis scored, Buck to second. Davis singled to left, Buck scored, Pennington out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Kotchman lined out to center. Bradley flied out to left. Griffey Jr doubled to deep right. Byrnes ran for Griffey Jr. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Mariners. Barton walked. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton safe at second on error by shortstop Ja Wilson. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sweeney out at second, Barton to third. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez struck out looking. Johnson walked. Ja Wilson grounded out to second, Johnson to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Figgins safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Johnson to third, Suzuki to second. Kotchman singled to center, Johnson and Suzuki scored, Figgins to third. Bradley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Chavez flied out to left. Ellis struck out looking. Buck struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Athletics 3.	Kotchman lifts Mariners past A's in Seattle debut