Athletics - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Ellis doubled to deep left. Barton sacrificed to pitcher, Ellis to third. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellis out at home. Sweeney to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Sweeney to third on wild pitch by Lincecum. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Sweeney scored. Gross grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Torres walked. Sanchez flied out to right. Posey flied out to right. Uribe singled to center, Torres to third. Burrell popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Powell struck out swinging. Patterson grounded out to first. Pennington grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Molina singled to center. Sandoval walked, Molina to second. Rowand walked, Molina to third, Sandoval to second. Lincecum struck out looking. Torres grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rowand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Ellis walked. Barton flied out to center. Ellis stole second. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Sanchez struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to shortstop. Uribe walked. Burrell homered to left (397 feet), Uribe scored. Molina popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. Gross grounded out to shortstop. Powell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Sandoval grounded out to second. Rowand struck out swinging. Lincecum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Patterson struck out swinging. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Torres flied out to center. Sanchez singled to left. Posey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Ellis grounded out to second. Barton struck out swinging. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Uribe singled to center. Burrell popped out to second. Molina homered to left (382 feet), Uribe scored. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Sandoval flied out to left. Rowand struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Torres in left field. Schierholtz in right field. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Gross grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. Powell reached on infield single to pitcher. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Ross pitching for Athletics. Lincecum grounded out to third. Torres walked. Sanchez doubled to deep right, Torres to third. Torres scored, Sanchez to third on wild pitch by Ross. Posey tripled to deep center, Sanchez scored. Uribe flied out to center. Schierholtz struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Pennington tripled to deep center. Cust hit for Ross. Cust reached on infield single to first, Pennington scored. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cust out at second. Barton singled to left. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Molina grounded out to third. Sandoval grounded out to second. Rowand flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Rosales hit for Gross. Rosales lined out to right. Powell struck out looking. Fox hit for Patterson. Fox reached on infield single to pitcher, Kouzmanoff to second, Kouzmanoff to third on throwing error by pitcher Affeldt. Wilson pitching for Giants. Pennington struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Giants 6.	Lincecum returns to form as Giants oust A's