Pirates - Top 1st. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Tabata struck out swinging. Walker doubled to deep right. McCutchen doubled to left, Walker scored. Jones singled to left, McCutchen to third. Doumit safe at first on error by first baseman Barton, McCutchen scored, Jones to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Church grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Crisp singled to left. Barton walked, Crisp to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to center, Crisp to third. Suzuki popped out to first. Sweeney safe at first on error by second baseman Walker, Crisp scored, Barton to third. Cust singled to center, Barton scored, Sweeney to third. Ellis lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Young flied out to left. Crosby flied out to center. Tabata singled to right center. Tabata safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sheets, Tabata out at thirdpitcher advancing on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Pennington flied out to left. Davis grounded out to third. Crisp doubled to deep right. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Walker singled to right. McCutchen bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Walker out at second. Jones struck out swinging, McCutchen stole second. Doumit doubled to deep right, McCutchen scored. Alvarez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Suzuki flied out to right. Sweeney singled to left, Kouzmanoff to second. Cust walked, Kouzmanoff to third, Sweeney to second. Ellis singled to right, Kouzmanoff scored, Sweeney to third, Cust to second. Pennington hit sacrifice fly to left, Sweeney scored. Davis flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Church struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Crosby popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Crisp tripled to deep center. Barton hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Tabata lined out to center. Walker homered to right (380 feet). McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Sweeney grounded out to second. Cust flied out to left. Ellis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Sheets pitching for Athletics. Doumit singled to right. Alvarez struck out swinging. Church struck out swinging. Young grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Pennington singled to right. Davis flied out to left. Pennington stole second. Crisp flied out to center. Barton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Crosby flied out to left. Tabata grounded out to second. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Walker popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Cedeno at shortstop. Crosby at second base. Kouzmanoff doubled to right. Suzuki reached on infield single to first, Kouzmanoff to third. Sweeney doubled to right, Kouzmanoff scored, Suzuki to third. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Jackson hit for Cust. Jackson grounded out to third. Ellis intentionally walked. Pennington singled to right, Suzuki and Sweeney scored, Ellis to second. Donnelly pitching for Pirates. Gross hit for Davis. Gross singled to center, Ellis scored, Pennington to third. Crisp walked, Gross to second. Barton singled to left, Pennington scored, Gross to third, Crisp to second. Gross scored, Crisp to third on wild pitch by Donnelly. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crisp scored, Barton out at second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Gross in left field. Blevins pitching for Athletics. McCutchen grounded out to third. Jones singled to left. Doumit struck out looking. Alvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Thomas pitching for Pirates. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop. Rosales hit for Jackson. Rosales tripled to deep center, Sweeney scored. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Rosales scored. Pennington singled to right. Gross struck out swinging. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Powell catching. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Church grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Athletics 14.	Sheets nabs 1st win in a month as A's erupt late