Athletics - Top 1st. Bannister pitching for Royals. Crisp walked. Ellis singled to left, Crisp to second. Kouzmanoff lined out to third. Cust struck out swinging. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Podsednik flied out to left. Kendall singled to right. DeJesus grounded out to first, Kendall to second. Butler singled to center, Kendall scored. Guillen grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Gross grounded out to first. Powell singled to left center. Davis lined into double play, shortstop to first, Powell doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Callaspo flied out to left. Maier struck out swinging. Betancourt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Bannister pitching for Royals. Pennington walked. Crisp flied out to left. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second, Ellis to second on throwing error by second baseman Getz. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Getz grounded out to pitcher. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendall singled to center, Podsednik to second. Podsednik caught stealing third, pitcher to third. DeJesus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Cust walked. Rosales homered to left (394 feet), Cust scored. Gross lined out to center. Powell walked. Davis doubled to deep left, Powell to third. Pennington hit sacrifice fly to left, Powell scored. Crisp grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen struck out swinging. Callaspo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Ellis hit by pitch. Ellis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kouzmanoff homered to left (428 feet). Cust struck out swinging. Rosales walked. Rosales caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gross batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Maier singled to right. Betancourt struck out swinging. Getz struck out swinging. Podsednik walked, Maier to second. Kendall lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Gross grounded out to shortstop. Powell flied out to center. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. DeJesus grounded out to second. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen singled to center. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Bannister pitching for Royals. Pennington singled to center. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second. Crisp stole second. Crisp stole third. Ellis walked. Texeira pitching for Royals. Kouzmanoff hit sacrifice fly to right, Crisp scored. Cust grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Maier grounded out to second. Betancourt grounded out to third. Getz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Texeira pitching for Royals. Rosales safe at first on error by second baseman Getz. Gross grounded out to third, Rosales to second. Powell flied out to left. Davis singled to right, Rosales scored. Davis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pennington batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Podsednik lined out to shortstop. Kendall struck out swinging. DeJesus singled to left. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Marte pitching for Royals. Pennington singled to left. Crisp flied out to center. Ellis singled to left center, Pennington to third, Ellis to second advancing on throw. Kouzmanoff lined out to third. Cust homered to right (415 feet), Pennington and Ellis scored. Rosales struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Guillen singled to left. Bloomquist ran for Guillen. Callaspo walked, Bloomquist to second. Bowers pitching for Athletics. Maier safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Bloomquist to third, Callaspo to second. Betancourt fouled out to first. Getz doubled to right, Bloomquist and Callaspo scored, Maier to third. Podsednik singled to right, Maier and Getz scored. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Kendall flied out to center. Podsednik to second on fielder's indifference. DeJesus singled to left, Podsednik scored. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Butler flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Athletics 9 - Royals 6.	Athletics blast away Royals with three homers