Athletics - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Crisp flied out to left. Davis doubled to left. Davis stole third. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left, Davis scored. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right center. Rosales struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Young singled to center. Hamilton doubled to deep left, Young to third. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Young scored, Hamilton to third. Cruz singled to right, Hamilton scored. Murphy flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ellis walked. Powell struck out looking. Ellis caught stealing second, catcher to second. Carson singled to center. Pennington hit by pitch, Carson to second. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Arias flied out to right. Moreland singled to right. Teagarden lined into double play, third to first, Moreland doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Davis fouled out to right. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Andrus popped out to shortstop. Young singled to center. Hamilton singled to right, Young to second. Guerrero singled to right center, Young scored, Hamilton to third. Cruz walked, Guerrero to second. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Arias struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rosales singled to center. Ellis struck out looking. Powell grounded out to pitcher, Rosales to second. Carson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Moreland grounded out to first. Teagarden struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Pennington flied out to left. Crisp walked. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crisp out at second. Davis stole second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Young doubled to deep right. Hamilton singled to right, Young to third. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Young scored, Hamilton out at second. Cruz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep left. Rosales flied out to center. Ellis singled to right, Kouzmanoff to third. Powell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kouzmanoff scored, Ellis out at second. Carson singled to center, Powell to second. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Pennington doubled to left, Powell scored, Carson to third. Crisp walked. Davis grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Murphy homered to right (428 feet). Arias reached on infield single to shortstop. Moreland flied out to center. Teagarden homered to right (419 feet), Arias scored. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Andrus hit by pitch. Young singled to left center, Andrus to third. Hamilton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff lined out to shortstop. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Guerrero flied out to right. Cruz flied out to center. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Ellis lined out to right. Powell flied out to center. Watson hit for Carson. Watson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Davis in right field. Watson in left field. Wolf pitching for Athletics. Arias grounded out to shortstop. Moreland singled to right. Teagarden struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Blanco at second base. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Pennington popped out to third. Crisp singled to center. Crisp to second on fielder's indifference. Davis singled to left, Crisp scored. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Davis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Rangers 7.	Young's 4 hits drive offense as Rangers clip A's