Athletics - Top 1st. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Crisp reached on infield single to third. Barton grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Crisp out at second. Suzuki singled to center. Cust walked, Suzuki to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez popped out to first. Pierre stole second. Rios singled to center, Pierre scored. Konerko singled to left, Rios to second. Quentin hit by pitch, Rios to third, Konerko to second. Pierzynski grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Ellis walked. Ellis to second on wild pitch by Harrell. Gross flied out to left. Davis grounded out to second, Ellis to third. Pennington walked. Crisp walked, Pennington to second. Barton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Viciedo singled to center. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Viciedo out at second. Beckham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Suzuki grounded out to catcher. Cust struck out looking. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez grounded out to third. Rios lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Ellis singled to center. Gross grounded out to second, Ellis to second. Davis grounded out to second, Ellis to third. Pennington reached on infield single to second, Ellis scored. Crisp bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Konerko doubled to deep right center. Quentin struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to center, Konerko scored. Viciedo doubled to deep center, Pierzynski to third. Jones grounded out to first, Pierzynski scored, Viciedo to third. Beckham singled to center, Viciedo scored. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beckham out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Barton fouled out to second. Suzuki walked. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Harrell pitching for White Sox. Ellis grounded out to third. Gross flied out to left. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Quentin lined out to left. Pierzynski singled to center. Viciedo singled to left, Pierzynski to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Jones walked, Pierzynski to third, Viciedo to second. Beckham singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Viciedo to third, Jones to second. Pierre lined into double play, pitcher to third, Viciedo out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Vizquel at third base. Santos pitching for White Sox. Pennington flied out to left. Crisp flied out to center. Barton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second. Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Rios struck out swinging. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Quentin doubled to deep left. Lillibridge ran for Quentin. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Threets pitching for White Sox. Suzuki singled to left. Cust singled to right, Suzuki to second. Pena pitching for White Sox. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cust out at second, Suzuki to third. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Bowers pitching for Athletics. Vizquel flied out to center. Jones walked. Beckham popped out to first. Pierre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Gross flied out to right. Davis singled to left. Davis to second on fielder's indifference. Pennington struck out looking. Crisp lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - White Sox 6.	Harrell, White Sox beat A's; home streak at 12