Athletics - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Crisp singled to right. Crisp stole second. Barton walked. Suzuki struck out swinging. Cust grounded out to first, Crisp to third, Barton to second. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Span safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington. Hudson walked, Span to second. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second, Span to third. Cuddyer walked, Mauer to second. Kubel walked, Span scored, Mauer to third, Cuddyer to second. Young struck out swinging. Valencia singled to center, Mauer scored, Kubel thrown out at third, Cuddyer to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ellis grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Carter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Casilla struck out swinging. Butera struck out looking. Span walked. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Pennington doubled to right center. Crisp struck out swinging. Pennington stole third. Barton tripled to deep right center, Pennington scored. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at home. Cust doubled to deep left, Suzuki scored. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Mauer grounded out to second. Cuddyer flied out to center. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ellis reached on infield single to pitcher. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis safe at second on error by second baseman Hudson. Carter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second, Ellis to third. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Young singled to right, Young to second on error by right fielder Davis. Valencia hit ground rule double to deep center, Young scored. Casilla sacrificed to pitcher, Valencia to third. Butera sacrificed to pitcher, Valencia scored. Span grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Crisp flied out to center. Barton singled to center. Suzuki lined out to right. Cust singled to right, Barton to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hudson struck out swinging. Mauer lined out to left. Cuddyer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ellis grounded out to second. Davis singled to center. Davis stole second. Carter struck out swinging. Pennington lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Kubel grounded out to first. Young popped out to second. Valencia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Crisp reached on infield single to first. Barton lined out to center. Suzuki singled to left center, Crisp to third, Suzuki to second advancing on throw. Mahay pitching for Twins. Cust struck out looking. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Kouzmanoff lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Casilla grounded out to third. Butera singled to center. Butera to second on passed ball by Suzuki. Span grounded out to first, Butera to third. Hudson walked. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellis to second on wild pitch by Guerrier. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Carter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second, Ellis to third. Pennington walked, Carter to second. Crain pitching for Twins. Crisp grounded into double play, second to first, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Kubel singled to right. Repko ran for Kubel. Young flied out to center. Repko to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Repko in right field. Capps pitching for Twins. Barton lined out to right. Suzuki doubled to center. Cust popped out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff safe at first on error by shortstop Casilla, Suzuki scored. Tolleson ran for Kouzmanoff. Ellis singled to center, Tolleson to second. Davis flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Twins 4.	Pavano gets 15th win as Twins hold off A's