Mariners - Top 1st. Braden pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Branyan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Mariners. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Barton walked, Davis to second. Suzuki flied out to center, Davis to third, Barton to second. Cust hit by pitch. Ellis lined into double play, pitcher to first, Cust out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez walked. Lopez singled to left, Gutierrez to second. Kotchman singled to deep left, Gutierrez scored, Lopez to second, Lopez to third, Kotchman to second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Moore hit sacrifice fly to center, Lopez scored. Tuiasosopo reached on infield single to third, Kotchman to third. Jo Wilson singled to center, Kotchman scored, Tuiasosopo to second. Suzuki singled to left, Tuiasosopo scored, Jo Wilson to second. Figgins singled to center, Jo Wilson to third, Suzuki to second. Branyan singled to right, Jo Wilson scored, Suzuki to third, Figgins to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to right. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Mariners. Larish struck out swinging. Hermida walked. Tolleson singled to right, Hermida to second. Pennington flied out to center. Hermida to third, Tolleson to second on wild pitch by Fister. Davis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Braden pitching for Athletics. Kotchman grounded out to first. Moore homered to left center (441 feet). Tuiasosopo walked. Jo Wilson singled to left, Tuiasosopo to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jo Wilson out at second, Tuiasosopo to third. Figgins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Saunders in center field. Fister pitching for Mariners. Barton struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right. Cust struck out swinging. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Branyan struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to second. Lopez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Larish struck out swinging. Hermida fouled out to third. Tolleson lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Kotchman fouled out to catcher. Moore flied out to center. Tuiasosopo lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Mariners. Pennington walked. Davis singled to left, Pennington to second. Pennington to third, Davis to second on wild pitch by Fister. Barton fouled out to third. Suzuki singled to center, Pennington and Davis scored. Cust walked, Suzuki to second. Ellis flied out to center. Larish flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Jo Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to second. Figgins singled to right. Branyan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Hermida struck out swinging. Tolleson singled to left center. Pennington singled to left, Tolleson to second. Davis flied out to center, Tolleson to third. Barton walked, Pennington to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Saunders walked. Lopez singled to left center, Saunders to third. Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to center, Saunders scored. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Moore struck out swinging. Tuiasosopo singled to shallow right center, Lopez to second. Jo Wilson lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Cust struck out swinging. Ellis singled to right center. Carson hit for Larish. Carson struck out swinging. Hermida grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Carson in right field. Hermida in left field. Wolf pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher. Figgins struck out swinging. Branyan grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki out at second. Saunders flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Tolleson reached on infield single to third. Pennington grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tolleson out at second. Davis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Wolf pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Kotchman struck out looking. Moore grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Mariners. Barton grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out swinging. Cust hit by pitch. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Cust to second, Cust to third, Ellis to second on throwing error by shortstop Jo Wilson. Crisp hit for Carson. Crisp singled to center, Cust and Ellis scored. Hermida singled to right, Crisp to third. Hermida to second on fielder's indifference. Tolleson walked. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Pennington flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Mariners 7 - Athletics 5.	Fister earns rare win as Mariners put away A's