Rangers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Borbon grounded out to shortstop. German singled to center. German stole second. Murphy walked. Francoeur singled to right, German scored, Murphy to second. Davis struck out swinging. Cantu singled to right, Murphy to third, Francoeur to second. Moreland struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Davis popped out to second. Barton struck out swinging. Ellis fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Blanco singled to left center. Teagarden singled to center, Blanco to third. Borbon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco scored, Teagarden out at second. German grounded out to third, Borbon to second. Murphy singled to left, Borbon scored, Murphy to second advancing on throw. Francoeur flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cust grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to left center. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right, Suzuki to third. Hermida fouled out to first. Gross walked. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Davis flied out to left. Cantu singled to left center. Moreland homered to right (373 feet), Cantu scored. Blanco singled to left center. Teagarden singled to left, Blanco to third. Borbon singled to center, Blanco scored, Teagarden to second. German struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Davis singled to left. Barton lined out to center. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Francoeur homered to left center (389 feet). Davis grounded out to first. Cantu grounded out to pitcher. Moreland lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cust flied out to left. Suzuki grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Blanco flied out to center. Teagarden flied out to right. Borbon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Hermida struck out swinging. Gross doubled to deep left. Pennington struck out swinging. Davis singled to center, Gross scored. Barton struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. German walked. Murphy homered to center (402 feet), German scored. Francoeur struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Cantu singled to left center. Moreland singled to left center, Cantu to second. Blanco flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ellis singled to right. Cust flied out to center. Suzuki struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Larish at first base. Sogard at second base. Powell catching. Iwamura at third base. Tolleson at shortstop. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Teagarden struck out swinging. Borbon reached on infield single to second. German flied out to right. Murphy popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Hermida grounded out to shortstop. Gross walked. Tolleson walked, Gross to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Tolleson out at second, Gross to third. Davis to second on fielder's indifference. Larish struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Mazzaro pitching for Athletics. Francoeur singled to right. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Francoeur out at second. Cantu flied out to right. Moreland flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Sogard singled to shallow left. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sogard out at second. Powell grounded out to third, Cust to second. Iwamura walked. Carson hit for Hermida. Carson walked, Cust to third, Iwamura to second. Gross singled to right, Cust and Iwamura scored, Carson to third. Gross to second on fielder's indifference. Tolleson homered to left (365 feet), Carson and Gross scored. Strop pitching for Rangers. Davis doubled to right. Rapada pitching for Rangers. Donaldson hit for Larish. Donaldson singled to shallow right, Davis scored. Sogard walked, Donaldson to second. Cust grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Donaldson at first base. Carson in right field. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Blanco walked. Teagarden sacrificed to catcher, Blanco to second, Teagarden safe at first on error by first baseman Donaldson. Borbon reached on bunt single to catcher, Blanco to third, Teagarden to second. German singled to shallow right, Blanco scored, Teagarden to third, Borbon to second. Murphy walked, Teagarden scored, Borbon to third, German to second. Wolf pitching for Athletics. Francoeur singled to center, Borbon and German scored, Murphy to second. Davis struck out swinging. Cantu flied out to right. Moreland homered to right (353 feet), Murphy and Francoeur scored. Blanco singled to right. Teagarden safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Iwamura, Blanco to second. Borbon lined out to first. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Rapada pitching for Rangers. Powell grounded out to shortstop. Iwamura grounded out to second. Carson homered to center (413 feet). Gross walked. Gross to second on fielder's indifference. Tolleson walked. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Davis singled to center, Gross scored, Tolleson to second. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 16 - Athletics 9.	Rookie Moreland drives in 5; Rangers pound A's