Phillies - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Revere grounded out to third. Rollins homered to right (409 feet). Utley struck out swinging. Howard singled to center. Byrd struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Blackmon struck out swinging. Barnes singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Tulowitzki walked, Barnes to second. Morneau singled to center, Barnes scored, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Brown grounded out to second. Nieves doubled to right. Asche struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Rutledge grounded out to third. Pacheco struck out swinging. Nicasio grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Rollins flied out to center. Utley doubled to deep right. Howard homered to left (385 feet), Utley scored. Byrd struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Blackmon hit by pitch. Barnes singled to left, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barnes out at second, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki doubled to left, Blackmon scored, Gonzalez to third. Morneau grounded out to first, Gonzalez scored, Tulowitzki to third. Arenado singled to center, Tulowitzki scored. Arenado caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second to catcher to third. Rutledge batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Brown grounded out to second. Nieves grounded out to first. Asche flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Rutledge doubled to left. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. Nicasio struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Hernandez grounded out to catcher. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Rollins walked. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Phillies. Barnes singled to left. Barnes stole second. Gonzalez doubled to center, Barnes scored. Tulowitzki singled to left, Gonzalez to third. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Arenado struck out swinging. Rutledge flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Howard tripled to deep center. Byrd singled to center, Howard scored. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Brown singled to right, Byrd to second. Nieves struck out swinging. Galvis hit for Asche. Byrd to third, Brown to second on passed ball by Pacheco. Galvis hit sacrifice fly to center, Byrd scored. Nix hit for Hollands. Nix grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Galvis at third base. Rosenberg pitching for Phillies. Pacheco tripled to deep center. Dickerson hit for Brothers. Dickerson grounded into double play, shortstop to catcher to third to second to third to second to third to second, Pacheco out at home, Dickerson out at second. Blackmon walked. Barnes walked, Blackmon to second. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Blackmon in left field. Stubbs in center field. Logan pitching for Rockies. Revere reached on bunt single to pitcher. Rollins doubled to left, Revere to third. Utley hit sacrifice fly to center, Revere scored, Rollins to third. Howard singled to right, Rollins scored, Howard to second on error by right fielder Barnes. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Byrd safe at first on error by second baseman Rutledge, Howard to third. Brown hit sacrifice fly to left, Howard scored. Nieves struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left. Morneau homered to right (406 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Arenado struck out swinging. Rutledge struck out swinging. Pacheco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Galvis singled to center. Gwynn Jr. hit for Diekman. Gwynn Jr. bunt popped out to pitcher. Revere singled to left, Galvis to second. Rollins singled to right, Galvis scored, Revere to third. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Revere scored, Rollins out at second. Utley to second on wild pitch by Belisle. Howard grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Mayberry Jr. at first base. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Gwynn Jr. in center field. LeMahieu hit for Belisle. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Blackmon homered to right center (404 feet). Barnes struck out looking. Stubbs doubled to deep left. Tulowitzki intentionally walked. Morneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Byrd doubled to deep center. Brown flied out to center, Byrd to third. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Galvis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Arenado singled to right. Rutledge sacrificed to pitcher, Arenado to second. Pacheco hit by pitch. Rosario hit for Bettis. Rosario popped out to shortstop. Blackmon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 10 - Rockies 9.	Rollins gets key hits, Phillies beat Rockies 10-9