Phillies - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Rollins fouled out to third. Ruiz safe at first on error by first baseman Jones. Utley popped out to shortstop. Howard doubled to deep left, Ruiz scored. Byrd singled to center, Howard scored, Byrd to second advancing on throw. Asche struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Yelich grounded out to second. Dietrich doubled to deep left. Stanton walked. McGehee singled to center, Dietrich scored, Stanton to third. Jones hit sacrifice fly to center, Stanton scored. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Brown grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn Jr. singled to right. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gwynn Jr. out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Lucas lined out to center. Ozuna popped out to first. Eovaldi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Rollins doubled to deep right center. Ruiz struck out swinging. Utley grounded out to second, Rollins to third. Howard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Yelich bunt grounded out to catcher. Dietrich tripled to deep right center. Stanton grounded out to second, Dietrich scored. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Byrd singled to right. Asche singled to right, Byrd to second. Brown grounded out to pitcher, Byrd to third, Asche to second. Gwynn Jr. singled to right, Byrd scored, Asche to third. Kendrick grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gwynn Jr. out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Jones doubled to left. Saltalamacchia flied out to center, Jones to third. Lucas walked. Ozuna singled to center, Jones scored, Lucas to second. Eovaldi sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Lucas to third, Ozuna to second. Yelich singled to left, Lucas scored, Ozuna to third, Eovaldi to second. Dietrich struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to right. Ruiz flied out to right. Utley reached on infield single to third, Rollins to second. Howard grounded out to first, Rollins to third, Utley to second. Byrd walked. Asche lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. McGehee grounded out to second. Jones struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Gwynn Jr. flied out to center. Kendrick singled to center. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Lucas singled to center. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lucas out at second. Johnson hit for Eovaldi. Johnson lined out to pitcher, Ozuna to second. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Yelich tripled to deep center, Ozuna scored. Dietrich grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Ruiz hit by pitch. Utley flied out to left. Howard struck out swinging. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Manship pitching for Phillies. Stanton lined out to center. McGehee grounded out to second. Jones singled to right. Saltalamacchia walked, Jones to second. Lucas singled to right, Jones to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Ozuna homered to left (428 feet), Jones, Saltalamacchia and Lucas scored. Baker hit for Dunn. Baker flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Asche reached on infield single to shortstop. Brown homered to center (406 feet), Asche scored. Gwynn Jr. walked. Revere hit for Manship. Revere flied out to center. Hernandez hit for Rollins. Gwynn Jr. stole second. Hernandez grounded out to second, Gwynn Jr. to third. Ruiz lined out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Hernandez at second base. Brignac at shortstop. Ruf at first base. Mayberry Jr. in right field. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Yelich reached on infield single to second. Yelich to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Dietrich walked. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee walked, Yelich to third, Dietrich to second. Jones walked, Yelich scored, Dietrich to third, McGehee to second. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Dietrich and McGehee scored, Jones to second. Lucas grounded out to second, Jones to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Ozuna walked. Solano hit for Capps. Solano reached on infield single to pitcher, Jones scored, Saltalamacchia to third, Ozuna to second. Yelich struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Mathis catching. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Brignac singled to shallow center. Ruf grounded into double play, third to second to first, Brignac out at second. Mayberry Jr. doubled to left. Asche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Marlins 14.	Ozuna hits grand slam, Marlins beat Phillies 14-5