Astros - Top 1st. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Altuve lined out to center. Castro walked. Carter homered to left (357 feet), Castro scored. Krauss homered to right (366 feet). Singleton struck out looking. Dominguez singled to right center. Gonzalez lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Revere lined out to third. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Utley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Marisnick grounded out to third. McHugh grounded out to shortstop. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Howard struck out swinging. Byrd singled to left. Sizemore singled to left, Byrd to second. Ruiz singled to left center, Byrd scored, Sizemore to second. Asche grounded into double play, shortstop to third to shortstop, Ruiz out at second, Sizemore out at third, Asche to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Castro reached on infield single to third. Carter homered to center (416 feet), Castro scored. Krauss walked. Singleton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Krauss out at second. Dominguez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Singleton out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. O'Sullivan struck out looking. Revere lined out to left. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to second. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. McHugh sacrificed to catcher, Marisnick to second. Altuve lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Utley flied out to center. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Castro singled to left. Carter struck out swinging. Krauss grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Sizemore grounded out to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. Asche flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Singleton struck out swinging. Dominguez flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Brignac hit for O'Sullivan. McHugh pitching for Astros. Brignac struck out swinging. Revere reached on infield single to pitcher. Rollins lined into double play, to first, Revere doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Marisnick struck out swinging, Marisnick safe at first on wild pitch by Hollands. McHugh bunted into fielder's choice to third, Marisnick out at second. Altuve grounded into double play, third to second to first, McHugh out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Utley singled to right. Howard struck out swinging. Byrd struck out looking. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Castro grounded out to second. Carter singled to left. Krauss grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Fields pitching for Astros. Grossman in right field. Ruiz doubled to left. Asche singled to right center, Ruiz scored. Brown hit for Hollands. Brown struck out looking. Revere reached on infield single to pitcher, Asche to second. Sipp pitching for Astros. Rollins singled to left center, Asche to third, Revere to second. Utley flied out to left. Howard homered to center (405 feet), Asche, Revere and Rollins scored. Qualls pitching for Astros. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Singleton struck out swinging. Dominguez fouled out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 5 - Phillies 6.	Howard hits grand slam in 8th, Phillies top Astros