Phillies - Top 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second. Asche flied out to center. Utley singled to left center, Revere scored. Howard struck out looking, Utley stole second. Brown grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Yelich singled to right. Solano singled to left, Yelich to third, Solano to second advancing on throw. McGehee hit sacrifice fly to center, Yelich scored. Jones singled to center, Solano scored. Saltalamacchia lined out to center. Bour grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Ruiz singled to right center. Galvis struck out swinging. Ruiz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Hernandez flied out to center. Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop. Koehler bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Hechavarria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Buchanan walked. Revere lined out to second. Asche grounded into double play, third to second to first, Buchanan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Yelich grounded out to second. Solano grounded out to shortstop. McGehee lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Utley struck out looking. Howard struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Jones doubled to deep right center. Saltalamacchia lined out to shortstop. Bour singled to left center, Jones to third. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bour out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Sizemore flied out to center. Ruiz flied out to left. Galvis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. Hechavarria singled to left center. Koehler sacrificed to pitcher, Hechavarria to second. Yelich hit by pitch. Solano lined into double play, to shortstop, Hechavarria doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Buchanan doubled to deep left. Revere singled to right, Buchanan to third. Asche fouled out to third. Utley doubled to left, Buchanan scored, Revere to third. Howard struck out swinging. Brown singled to left center, Revere and Utley scored. Sizemore grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Buchanan pitching for Phillies. McGehee singled to center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McGehee out at second. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Jones to third. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Baker hit for Bour. Baker struck out swinging. Hernandez fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Baker at first base. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Ruiz struck out swinging. Galvis flied out to center. Hernandez hit for Bastardo. Hernandez singled to right. Revere grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Hechavarria singled to center. Johnson hit for Koehler. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Hechavarria to second. Hechavarria to third, Johnson to second on wild pitch by Diekman. Yelich safe at second on error by third baseman Asche, Hechavarria scored, Johnson to third. Solano singled to right, Johnson scored, Yelich to third. McGehee doubled to left, Yelich and Solano scored. McGehee caught stealing third, catcher to third. Jones singled to left. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Asche doubled to right. Utley lined out to center. Howard struck out looking. Brown grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Baker grounded out to third. Hernandez walked. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop, Hernandez to second. Valdespin hit for Dunn. Valdespin walked. Yelich grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Valdespin in right field. Sizemore struck out swinging. Ruiz struck out looking. Ruf hit for Galvis. Ruf grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 4 - Marlins 6.	McGehee helps Marlins rally past Phillies 6-4