Athletics - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Crisp singled to center. Crisp caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to first. Jackson walked. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to first. Hunter reached on infield single to second. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to left. Sweeney grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Callaspo struck out looking. Kendrick doubled to shallow left. Conger fouled out to third. Bourjos reached on infield single to third, Kendrick to third. Amarista doubled to left, Kendrick and Bourjos scored. Aybar flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff walked. Pennington singled to right, Kouzmanoff to second. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pennington out at second, Kouzmanoff to third. Barton ran for Crisp. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kouzmanoff scored, Barton out at second. Jackson homered to left (374 feet), DeJesus scored. Matsui singled to right. Suzuki flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Barton at first base. DeJesus in center field. Jackson in left field. Sweeney in right field. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Abreu singled to left center. Hunter doubled to deep left, Abreu to third. Abreu scored, Hunter to third on wild pitch by McCarthy. Wells reached on infield single to pitcher, Hunter scored. Wells caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Callaspo flied out to left. Kendrick doubled to deep center. Conger singled to right center, Kendrick scored. Bourjos struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Sweeney walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sweeney out at second. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Pennington popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Amarista flied out to center. Aybar singled to right. Aybar stole second. Abreu walked. Hunter grounded into double play, third to first, Aybar out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Barton grounded out to first. DeJesus grounded out to first. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Wells flied out to right. Callaspo flied out to right. Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop. Conger doubled to deep right, Kendrick scored. Bourjos tripled to deep right center, Conger scored. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki walked. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Sweeney grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Athletics. Aybar singled to center. Aybar to second on wild pitch by McCarthy. Abreu struck out looking. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to third. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff grounded out to second. Pennington flied out to left. Barton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Callaspo struck out swinging. Kendrick flied out to left. Conger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Angels. DeJesus walked. Jackson lined out to shortstop. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJesus out at second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Bourjos tripled to deep center. Amarista hit sacrifice fly to center, Bourjos scored. Aybar flied out to right. Abreu walked. Hunter singled to center, Abreu to second. Wells fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Walden pitching for Angels. Sweeney flied out to center. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff doubled to right. Pennington flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Angels 8.	Amarista leads Angels past A's in MLB debut