Angels - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to third. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Crisp flied out to left. Barton grounded out to second. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hunter lined out to first. Kendrick grounded out to second. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Matsui grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. DeJesus walked. Ellis doubled to deep left, DeJesus scored. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right, Ellis scored. Pennington walked. Crisp singled to center, Kouzmanoff scored, Pennington to second. Barton grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Trumbo struck out swinging. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. Bourjos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Willingham singled to left. Matsui flied out to right. Suzuki singled to left, Willingham to second. DeJesus singled to left, Willingham to third, Suzuki to second. Ellis singled to left, Willingham and Suzuki scored, DeJesus to second. Kouzmanoff safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo, DeJesus scored, Ellis to second. Bell pitching for Angels. Pennington flied out to right, Ellis to third. Crisp doubled to deep center, Ellis scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Barton flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to first. Abreu struck out swinging. Izturis walked. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Bell pitching for Angels. Willingham flied out to left. Matsui doubled to left. Suzuki doubled to deep right, Matsui scored. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Kendrick singled to center. Callaspo lined into double play, second to first, Kendrick doubled off first. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bell pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Crisp singled to center. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Mathis flied out to right. Bourjos struck out looking. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Willingham hit by pitch. Matsui flied out to left. Willingham to second on wild pitch by Jepsen. Suzuki walked. DeJesus singled to right, Willingham scored, Suzuki to second. Ellis singled to right, Suzuki scored, DeJesus to second. Kouzmanoff singled to center, DeJesus to third, Ellis to second. Thompson pitching for Angels. Pennington struck out swinging. Sweeney hit for Crisp. Sweeney walked, DeJesus scored, Ellis to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Barton walked, Ellis scored, Kouzmanoff to third, Sweeney to second. Willingham singled to center, Kouzmanoff and Sweeney scored, Barton to second. Matsui grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Conger hit for Abreu. Sweeney in center field. LaRoche at second base. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Conger grounded out to first. Wilson hit for Izturis. Wilson fouled out to first. Willits hit for Hunter. Willits struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Wilson at first base. Willits in left field. Amarista at second base. Trumbo in right field. Thompson pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus grounded out to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Amarista flied out to center. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Trumbo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Sweeney popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Magnuson pitching for Athletics. Mathis singled to left. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mathis out at second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourjos out at second. Conger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 0 - Athletics 14.	Gonzalez throws gem as Athletics rip Angels \n\n