Rangers - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus walked. Hamilton doubled to right, Andrus to third. Young singled to center, Andrus and Hamilton scored. Cruz singled to right, Young to third. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Young out at home, Cruz to second. Moreland flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Bourjos singled to left. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourjos out at second. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Callaspo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Torrealba struck out swinging. Chavez singled to left. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chavez out at second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hunter singled to center. Trumbo flied out to right. Wells grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Hamilton homered to left center (395 feet). Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Cruz walked, Young to second. Napoli singled to right, Young to third, Cruz to second. Moreland singled to center, Young and Cruz scored, Napoli to second. Bell pitching for Angels. Torrealba grounded into double play, second to first, Moreland out at second, Napoli to third. Chavez struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Kendrick singled to right. Aybar doubled to right, Kendrick to third. Mathis struck out swinging. Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop, Kendrick scored, Aybar tagged out at third. Bourjos caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Callaspo batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Bell pitching for Angels. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus singled to center. Andrus caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Callaspo popped out to shortstop. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Bell pitching for Angels. Young singled to center. Cruz popped out to second. Napoli flied out to left. Moreland singled to right, Young to third. Torrealba singled to center, Young scored, Moreland to second. Chavez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Trumbo grounded out to first. Wells flied out to left. Kendrick doubled to left. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Bell pitching for Angels. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus singled to shallow center. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus to third. Young hit sacrifice fly to center, Andrus scored. Cruz lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Mathis struck out looking. Bourjos grounded out to second. Callaspo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Angels. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Moreland grounded out to second. Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. Trumbo struck out swinging. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Kinsler grounded out to second. Andrus walked. Hamilton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Gentry in center field. Chavez in left field. Holland pitching for Rangers. Kendrick struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to second. Mathis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Young grounded out to third. Cruz grounded out to third. Napoli singled to right center. Moreland singled to right, Napoli to second. Torrealba walked, Napoli to third, Moreland to second. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Bourjos struck out swinging. Callaspo walked. Abreu grounded out to catcher, Callaspo to second. Hunter singled to left center, Callaspo scored. Hunter to second on fielder's indifference. Trumbo doubled to left, Hunter scored. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Wells popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Angels 3.	Rangers rip Halos again \n\n