Cardinals - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Fowler doubled to left. Pham grounded out to third, Fowler scored. Carpenter walked. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Thames singled to deep right center. Yelich grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. Cain walked. Shaw flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Molina grounded out to shortstop. DeJong flied out to center. Wong grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Santana hit by pitch. Villar singled to center, Santana to second. Piña lined out to center, Santana to third. Sogard struck out swinging, Villar stole second. Chacín struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Martínez struck out swinging. Fowler walked. Pham hit ground rule double to deep left, Fowler to third. Carpenter grounded out to first, Fowler scored, Pham to third. Ozuna singled to left, Pham scored. Martínez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Thames grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Molina homered to left (419 feet). DeJong struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to first. Martínez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Shaw popped out to second. Santana struck out swinging. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Fowler grounded out to second. Pham grounded out to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Piña grounded out to shortstop. Sogard struck out swinging. Chacín popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Brewers. Ozuna singled to shallow left, Ozuna to second on error by left fielder Yelich. Martínez grounded out to shortstop, Ozuna to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to left, Ozuna scored. DeJong singled to left. Wong reached on infield single to second, DeJong to third, DeJong scored, Wong to second on throwing error by second baseman Villar. Drake pitching for Brewers. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Thames struck out looking. Yelich struck out swinging. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Pérez in left field. Drake pitching for Brewers. Fowler struck out swinging. Pham struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Drake. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Shaw flied out to left. Santana singled to left. Villar struck out swinging. Piña walked, Santana to second. Sogard lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to shortstop. DeJong singled to left. Wong grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Aguilar hit for Jeffress. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Aguilar fouled out to catcher. Thames grounded out to first. Pérez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Aguilar at first base. Jennings pitching for Brewers. Martínez singled to center. Fowler walked, Martínez to second. Pham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fowler out at second, Martínez to third. Muñoz hit for Carpenter. Muñoz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Muñoz at third base. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Shaw singled to shallow center. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Shaw safe at second on error by third baseman Muñoz. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Villar singled to center, Shaw to third, Santana to second. Norris pitching for Cardinals. Piña grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Shaw out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Brewers 0.	Martinez cruises, Molina homers as Cards beat Brewers 6-0