Phillies - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Hernández flied out to center. Altherr grounded out to shortstop. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Martínez singled to left. DeJong struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martínez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Hoskins singled to left. Santana grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hoskins out at second. Franco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Fowler flied out to left. Gyorko flied out to left. Carpenter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Kingery grounded out to third. Alfaro grounded out to shortstop. Velasquez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Peña singled to deep center. Weaver sacrificed to first, Peña to second. Pham grounded into double play to third, Peña out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Hernández flied out to left. Altherr popped out to second. Herrera walked. Hoskins popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Martínez struck out swinging. DeJong reached on infield single to third. Ozuna struck out swinging. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Santana homered to center (437 feet). Franco struck out swinging. Kingery struck out swinging. Alfaro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Gyorko lined out to left. Carpenter flied out to center. Peña reached on infield single to third. Weaver grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Velasquez grounded out to shortstop. Hernández flied out to left. Altherr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Pham struck out swinging. Martínez walked. DeJong flied out to center. Ozuna lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Herrera reached on infield single to second. Hoskins struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Franco singled to right, Herrera to third. Kingery flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Velasquez pitching for Phillies. Fowler walked. Gyorko flied out to center. Carpenter doubled to deep left center, Fowler to third. Florimón at shortstop. Dominguez pitching for Phillies. Peña grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fowler out at home, Carpenter to third. Garcia hit for Weaver. Garcia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Alfaro singled to right. Florimón grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Alfaro to second. Hernández singled to left center, Alfaro to third, Florimón to second. Altherr singled to shallow center, Alfaro and Florimón scored, Hernández to second. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Herrera doubled to right, Hernández scored, Altherr to third. Hoskins struck out swinging. Santana intentionally walked. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altherr out at home, Herrera to third, Santana to second. Williams hit for Dominguez. Williams grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Rios pitching for Phillies. Pham walked. García pitching for Phillies. Martínez singled to left center, Pham to second. DeJong hit by pitch, Pham to third, Martínez to second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pham scored, DeJong out at second, Martínez to third. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martínez out at home, Ozuna to second. Gyorko singled to shallow left, Ozuna scored, Fowler to second. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Bader hit for Carpenter. Bader flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Wong at second base. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Alfaro singled to left center. Florimón homered to right (395 feet), Alfaro scored. Hernández singled to center. Altherr struck out swinging. Hernández stole second. Herrera grounded out to third. Hoskins grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Peña singled to left center. Wong singled to center, Peña to second. Pham flied out to right. Martínez singled to center, Peña to third, Wong to second. DeJong lined out to shortstop. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martínez out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Cardinals 2.	Velasquez helps Phillies down Cardinals 6-2