Marlins - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Castro walked. Dietrich struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Urena pitching for Marlins. Carpenter singled to deep center. Martínez flied into double play, left to first, Carpenter doubled off first. Pham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Bour walked. Anderson singled to center, Bour to second. Rojas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second, Bour to third. Riddle walked. Shuck walked, Riddle to second. Ureña struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Ozuna singled to center. Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Ureña. Molina singled to left, Ozuna scored. Fowler lined out to center. Muñoz struck out swinging. Wong doubled to right, Molina to third. Martínez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Castro singled to center. Dietrich singled to right, Castro to second. Realmuto walked, Castro to third, Dietrich to second. Bour grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro scored, Realmuto out at second, Dietrich to third. Anderson reached on infield single to pitcher, Dietrich scored. Rojas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Carpenter singled to right. Martínez singled to right, Carpenter to third. Pham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carpenter scored, Martínez out at second. Ozuna singled to left. Molina lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Riddle grounded out to first. Shuck struck out swinging. Ureña struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Fowler flied out to left. Muñoz struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Guilmet pitching for Cardinals. Castro popped out to third. Dietrich doubled to right. Realmuto singled to left, Dietrich to third. Bour hit sacrifice fly to left, Dietrich scored, Realmuto to second. Realmuto to third on wild pitch by Guilmet. Anderson homered to right (371 feet), Realmuto scored. Rojas grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Voit hit for Guilmet. Urena pitching for Marlins. Voit walked. Carpenter singled to center, Voit to second. Martínez singled to left, Voit to third, Carpenter to second. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Voit scored, Carpenter out at third, Martínez to second. Ozuna singled to left, Martínez scored, Pham to third, Ozuna to second advancing on throw. Pham picked off third. Molina grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Riddle homered to center (409 feet). Shuck walked. Maybin hit for Ureña. Maybin walked, Shuck to second. Castro flied out to right, Shuck to third. Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to third, Shuck scored. Realmuto grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Maybin in left field. Conley pitching for Marlins. Fowler singled to right. Muñoz singled to center, Fowler to second. Wong out on batter's interference to catcher. Wong batting. Bader hit for Gomber. Bader struck out swinging. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Bour flied out to right. Anderson grounded out to third. Rojas walked. Riddle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Martínez lined out to right. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Shuck walked. Shuck stole second. Maybin safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter, Shuck to third. Castro struck out swinging. Brinson hit for Steckenrider. Brinson struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Brinson in center field. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to first. Muñoz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Bour struck out looking. Anderson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Muñoz. Rojas struck out looking. Riddle singled to left, Anderson to second. Rivera hit for Ziegler. Rivera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rivera at first base. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Wong grounded out to first. Gyorko hit for Brebbia. Gyorko fouled out to first. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Cardinals 4.	Urena gets 1st win as Marlins snap skid, beat Cards 7-4