Cardinals - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter doubled to right. Pham walked. O'Neill singled to left, Carpenter to third, Pham to second. Ozuna struck out looking. Molina singled to right center, Carpenter and Pham scored, O'Neill to second. Gyorko singled to center, O'Neill scored, Molina to second. Muñoz doubled to deep right, Molina scored, Gyorko thrown out at home, Muñoz to third advancing on throw. Wong grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Jay safe at first on error by third baseman Gyorko. Jay to second on wild pitch by Martínez. Goldschmidt singled to right, Jay to third. Lamb singled to right, Jay scored, Goldschmidt to second. Pollock flied out to center. Peralta struck out swinging. Descalso popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez hit ground rule double to deep right center. Carpenter struck out swinging. Pham struck out looking. O'Neill flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Ahmed struck out looking. Ray struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Ozuna flied out to right. Molina popped out to shortstop. Gyorko lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Jay struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to shallow left. Lamb grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Muñoz struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to second. Martínez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Pollock grounded out to third. Peralta tripled to deep right center. Descalso popped out to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Pham singled to right. O'Neill struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed walked. Ray sacrificed to third, Ahmed to second. Jay grounded out to third. Goldschmidt singled to right center, Ahmed scored. Lamb grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina homered to left (391 feet). Gyorko homered to right (361 feet). Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Muñoz grounded out to shortstop. Wong grounded out to third. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Pollock struck out swinging. Peralta flied out to center. Descalso walked. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. Marte at second base. Krehbiel pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham walked. O'Neill popped out to first. Ozuna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. O'Neill in left field. Bader in right field. Mayers pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed flied out to right. Marte singled to center. Jay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Krehbiel pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Muñoz singled to left. Wong flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt singled to left. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second, Pollock to second on throwing error by second baseman Wong. Peralta singled to right, Pollock scored. Owings hit for Krehbiel. Owings flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez hit for Holland. Martínez flied out to right. Carpenter grounded out to second. Pham grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Norris pitching for Cardinals. Murphy flied out to right. Ahmed struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Diamondbacks 3.	Molina drives in 3, Cardinals beat Diamondbacks 6-3