Reds - Top 1st. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Peraza singled to center. Votto singled to right, Peraza to second. Suárez singled to right, Peraza scored, Votto to third. Gennett singled to left center, Votto scored, Suárez to second. Ervin struck out swinging. Schebler lined out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Bailey pitching for Reds. Carpenter flied out to left. Molina grounded out to third. Martínez singled to center. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Barnhart singled to right. Bailey sacrificed to catcher, Barnhart to second. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. Peraza fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Bailey pitching for Reds. O'Neill popped out to second. DeJong safe at first on error by third baseman Suárez. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJong out at second. Muñoz singled to left, Bader to third. Gomber doubled to deep center, Bader and Muñoz scored. Carpenter homered to right (365 feet), Gomber scored. Molina struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Votto grounded out to first. Suárez flied out to right. Gennett reached on infield single to first. Ervin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Bailey pitching for Reds. Martínez singled to center. Adams singled to right, Martínez to second. O'Neill struck out swinging. DeJong homered to left (371 feet), Martínez and Adams scored. Bader struck out swinging. Muñoz grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Schebler singled to right. Barnhart singled to center, Schebler to second. Bailey sacrificed to pitcher, Schebler to third, Barnhart to second. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schebler out at home, Barnhart to third. Peraza flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Bailey pitching for Reds. Gomber grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter flied out to center. Molina singled to left. Martínez walked, Molina to second. Adams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Votto singled to right. Suárez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Votto out at second. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suárez out at second. Ervin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Bailey pitching for Reds. O'Neill doubled to deep right center. DeJong struck out swinging. Bader grounded out to shortstop, O'Neill to third. Muñoz intentionally walked. Gomber grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Schebler doubled to deep right center. Barnhart grounded out to third. Herrera hit for Bailey. Herrera flied out to right, Schebler to third. Hamilton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Wisler pitching for Reds. Carpenter struck out swinging. Molina lined out to left. Martínez walked. Adams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Gomber pitching for Cardinals. Peraza flied out to right. Votto struck out looking. Suárez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Wisler pitching for Reds. O'Neill struck out swinging. DeJong fouled out to first. Bader singled to center. Muñoz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Carpenter at first base. Wisdom at third base. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Gennett walked. Ervin grounded out to third, Gennett to second. Schebler homered to right (431 feet), Gennett scored. Barnhart walked. Williams hit for Wisler. Hicks pitching for Cardinals. Williams singled to left, Barnhart to second. Hamilton reached on infield single to second, Barnhart to third, Williams to second. Peraza hit sacrifice fly to center, Barnhart scored, Williams to third. Votto walked, Hamilton to second. Suárez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Stephens pitching for Reds. Wisdom homered to right (358 feet). Carpenter reached on bunt single to third. Molina bunted into fielder's choice to first, Carpenter out at second. Martínez walked, Molina to second. Garcia hit for Hicks. Garcia grounded out to pitcher, Molina to third, Martínez to second. O'Neill walked. DeJong singled to right, Molina and Martínez scored, O'Neill to third. Bader hit by pitch, DeJong to second. Muñoz singled to center, O'Neill and DeJong scored, Bader to third. Dixon pitching for Reds. Wisdom flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Peña catching. Garcia at second base. Muñoz in right field. Leone pitching for Cardinals. Gennett singled to center. Ervin lined out to left. Schebler grounded out to first, Gennett to second. Barnhart lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Cardinals 12.	DeJong, Carpenter homer as Cardinals beat Reds 12-5