Cardinals - Top 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Carpenter singled to right center. Martínez singled to shallow right, Carpenter to second. Adams homered to right center (390 feet), Carpenter and Martínez scored. Ozuna singled to right. DeJong struck out looking. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ozuna out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Eaton grounded out to third. Turner lined out to first. Harper doubled to right. Rendon singled to center, Harper thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Bader popped out to second. Muñoz grounded out to shortstop. Mikolas reached on infield single to third. Carpenter doubled to deep center, Mikolas scored. Martínez singled to right, Carpenter scored, Martínez to second advancing on throw. Adams grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to right. Difo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Ozuna singled to left. DeJong fouled out to first, Ozuna to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Ozuna to third. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Severino grounded out to shortstop. Roark struck out swinging. Eaton singled to center. Turner reached on infield single to shortstop, Eaton to second. Harper reached on infield single to shortstop, Eaton to third, Turner to second. Rendon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Muñoz grounded out to third. Mikolas struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Soto singled to left. Zimmerman lined out to third. Difo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Soto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Martínez grounded out to third. Adams homered to right (411 feet). Ozuna singled to center. DeJong fouled out to first. Molina struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Severino popped out to pitcher. Robles hit for Roark. Robles singled to left. Eaton doubled to deep right center, Robles scored. Turner safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, Turner out at second, Eaton to third. Rendon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Bader fouled out to first. Muñoz homered to left (411 feet). Mikolas grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third. Difo doubled to deep left, Zimmerman scored. Severino grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds hit for McGowin. Reynolds grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Martínez flied out to right. Adams grounded out to second. Ozuna singled to center. DeJong grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Carpenter at first base. Wisdom at third base. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Turner flied out to right. Harper singled to left. Rendon doubled to deep left, Harper to third. Hudson pitching for Cardinals. Soto walked. Zimmerman doubled to deep center, Harper, Rendon and Soto scored. Difo singled to center, Zimmerman scored. Difo to second on wild pitch by Hudson. Severino lined out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Molina singled to center. Molina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bader hit by pitch. Bader picked off first. Muñoz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Peña catching. Martínez pitching for Cardinals. Stevenson hit for Suero. Stevenson struck out swinging. Eaton singled to right. Turner lined out to shortstop. Harper struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Nationals. Peña singled to center. Carpenter flied out to center. Martínez singled to center, Peña to second. Garcia ran for Martínez. Wisdom walked, Peña to third, Garcia to second. Ozuna flied out to right. DeJong flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Garcia at second base. Muñoz in right field. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rendon singled to right center. Soto safe at first on error by first baseman Carpenter, Rendon to second. Zimmerman struck out looking. Difo flied out to center. Taylor hit for Severino. García in left field. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Nationals 6.	Adams homers twice, Cardinals hold off Nationals 7-6