Pirates - Top 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Frazier flied out to right. Marte walked. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Marte out at second. Cervelli singled to left, Bell to second. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter walked. Martínez singled to right center, Carpenter to second. Adams grounded out to pitcher, Carpenter to third, Martínez to second. Ozuna doubled to left, Carpenter and Martínez scored. DeJong grounded out to third. Wong bunt grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Moran struck out swinging. Kramer struck out swinging. Newman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Bader struck out looking. Peña grounded out to second. Mikolas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Musgrove struck out looking. Frazier flied out to center. Marte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter flied out to left. Martínez lined out to left. Adams fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Bell doubled to deep left. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop, Bell to third. Dickerson singled to right center, Bell scored. Moran singled to center, Dickerson to third. Kramer flied out to center. Newman lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Ozuna struck out swinging. DeJong flied out to right. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Musgrove grounded out to third. Frazier grounded out to second. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Bader struck out swinging. Peña lined out to left. Mikolas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Bell reached on infield single to shortstop. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bell out at second. Dickerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Musgrove pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to right. Martínez walked, Carpenter to second. Adams singled to left, Carpenter to third, Martínez to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. Carpenter scored, Martínez to third, Adams to second on wild pitch by Musgrove. DeJong hit sacrifice fly to center, Martínez scored, Adams to third. Wong struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Moran struck out swinging. Kramer struck out swinging. Newman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Bader struck out looking. Peña singled to left. Garcia hit for Mikolas. Brault pitching for Pirates. O'Neill hit for Garcia. O'Neill walked, Peña to second. Carpenter walked, Peña to third, O'Neill to second. Anderson pitching for Pirates. Muñoz ran for Carpenter. Peña scored, O'Neill to third, Muñoz to second on wild pitch by Anderson. Martínez struck out swinging. Adams intentionally walked. Ozuna lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Muñoz at third base. O'Neill in right field. Norris pitching for Cardinals. Luplow hit for Anderson. Luplow lined out to center. Frazier struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Luplow in center field. Burdi pitching for Pirates. DeJong flied out to center. Wong singled to left. Bader walked, Wong to second. Peña grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wong scored on error by third baseman Moran, Bader safe at third on error by third baseman Moran. O'Neill homered to left center (457 feet), Bader and Peña scored. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Muñoz singled to left. García hit for Norris. Muñoz to second on wild pitch by Holmes. García doubled to left, Muñoz scored. Adams singled to left, García to third. Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to center, García scored. DeJong singled to left, Adams to second. Wong struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. García in left field. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Bell grounded out to third. Lavarnway hit for Cervelli. Lavarnway doubled to deep right. Dickerson doubled to right, Lavarnway scored. Moran grounded out to first, Dickerson to third. Kramer singled to right, Dickerson scored. Newman doubled to deep center, Kramer scored. Luplow walked. Frazier doubled to right, Newman scored, Luplow to third. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Osuna hit for Holmes. Osuna grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Cardinals 11.	O'Neill, Ozuna lift Cardinals, help Mikolas get 15th win