Orioles - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Twins . Roberts doubled to deep left . Mora grounded out to shortstop , Roberts to third . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts scored . Palmeiro singled to right , Tejada to second . Sosa singled to left , Tejada to third , Palmeiro to second . Surhoff grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sosa out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez walked . Rodriguez to second on passed ball by Fasano . Mauer struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at third , Stewart to second . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Gibbons flied out to right . Matos singled to left . Fasano flied out to center . Matos stole second . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Hunter singled to center . Jones struck out swinging , Hunter stole second . Boone struck out looking . Hunter stole third . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Twins . Mora popped out to second . Tejada lined out to second . Palmeiro singled to right . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Punto grounded out to third . Rodriguez walked . Mauer doubled to deep right , Rodriguez to third . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at home . LeCroy walked , Mauer to third , Stewart to second . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Surhoff singled to right . Gibbons doubled to deep right center , Surhoff to third . Matos hit sacrifice fly to left , Surhoff scored . Fasano grounded out to third . Roberts grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Boone struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Mora singled to center . Tejada struck out swinging . Palmeiro lined out to right . Mora caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Sosa batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Punto singled to right . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Punto to second . Mauer doubled to deep center , Punto scored . Stewart struck out looking . LeCroy walked . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeCroy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Twins . Sosa hit ground rule double to deep left center . Surhoff popped out to second . Gibbons intentionally walked . Matos popped out to second . Fasano popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Jones doubled to deep right center . Kline pitching for Orioles . Boone grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . Morneau flied out to right . Punto singled to center , Jones scored . Punto caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . Guerrier pitching for Twins . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Roberts singled to shallow right . Mora flied out to right . Romero pitching for Twins . Tejada singled to left , Roberts to second . Palmeiro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Williams pitching for Orioles . Mauer walked . Stewart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Twins . Sosa walked . Surhoff popped out to second . Gibbons grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Sosa out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Orioles . LeCroy grounded out to pitcher . Hunter fouled out to first . Jones walked . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Ford hit for Morneau . Boone singled to right , Jones to second . Ford walked , Jones to third , Boone to second . Cuddyer at first base . Crain pitching for Twins . Punto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Bigbie hit for Fasano . Crain pitching for Twins . Matos singled to center . Bigbie sacrificed to third , Matos to second . Matos to third on passed ball by Mauer . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right , Matos scored . Whiteside catching . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Mora grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Mauer walked . Stewart struck out swinging , Mauer stole second , Mauer to third on throwing error by catcher Whiteside . Mauer scored on Ryan 's wild pitch . Ryan ran for LeCroy . LeCroy walked . Hunter singled to right , Ryan to third . Hunter to second on fielder 's indifference . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Ryan scored , Hunter to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 3 - Twins 4 .	Orioles collapse in ninth as Twins seize victory