Orioles - Top 1st . Young pitching for Rangers . Roberts flied out to center . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tejada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Dellucci flied out to center . Young doubled to deep right . Teixeira singled to center , Young scored . Blalock grounded out to second , Teixeira to second . Soriano flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Young pitching for Rangers . Surhoff grounded out to second . Sosa walked . Gibbons flied out to left . Matos singled to left , Sosa to second . Newhan reached on infield single to second , Sosa to third , Matos to second . Fasano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Nevin grounded out to third . Mench lined out to left . Matthews Jr grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Young pitching for Rangers . Roberts grounded out to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Barajas doubled to deep left . Dellucci popped out to third . Young singled to center , Barajas scored . Teixeira singled to right , Young to second . Blalock walked , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Williams pitching for Orioles . Soriano grounded out to third , Young scored , Teixeira to third , Blalock to second . Nevin flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Young pitching for Rangers . Surhoff singled to right . Sosa flied out to right . Gibbons singled to right , Surhoff to second . Matos flied out to right . Newhan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Mench homered to left . Matthews Jr singled to left . Barajas popped out to first . Dellucci grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matthews Jr out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Young pitching for Rangers . Fasano flied out to left . Roberts singled to right . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Byrnes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Roberts out at . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Young lined out to left . Teixeira singled to center . Blalock grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Young pitching for Rangers . Tejada bunt grounded out to pitcher . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Soriano lined out to center . Nevin singled to right center . Mench walked , Nevin to second . Matthews Jr homered to center , Nevin and Mench scored . Barajas grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Young pitching for Rangers . Gibbons struck out swinging . Matos flied out to left . Newhan lined out to second . Teixeira homered to right , Young scored . Blalock popped out to shortstop . Soriano singled to right . Gryboski pitching for Rangers . Nevin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Gryboski pitching for Rangers . Fasano singled to right . Roberts singled to center , Fasano to third . Byrnes reached on infield single to pitcher , Fasano scored , Roberts to second . Tejada singled to left , Roberts scored , Byrnes to second . Gomez ran for Surhoff . Surhoff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second , Byrnes to third . Sosa grounded out to pitcher , Byrnes scored , Gomez to second . Gomez at first base . Gibbons grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Mench flied out to right . Matthews Jr singled to left , Matthews Jr out stretching at second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Barajas popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Matos grounded out to second . Newhan reached on infield single to third . Fasano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Newhan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Rangers 9 .	Young blanks O 's for seven , Teixeira , Matthews homer