Twins - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Span flied out to right. Hudson singled to center. Mauer doubled to right, Hudson to third. Morneau singled to center, Hudson and Mauer scored. Cuddyer grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Morneau out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pierre grounded out to third. Beckham fouled out to first. Quentin doubled to left. Konerko homered to left (394 feet), Quentin scored. Kotsay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Young walked. Hardy sacrificed to catcher, Young to second. Harris walked. Punto grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Ramirez bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Span hit ground rule double to right. Span to third on wild pitch by Buehrle. Hudson struck out swinging. Mauer doubled to left, Span scored. Morneau popped out to second. Cuddyer singled to right, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to second advancing on throw. Young grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Teahen grounded out to shortstop. Pierre flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hardy grounded out to pitcher. Harris flied out to center. Punto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Quentin hit by pitch. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Quentin out at second. Kotsay homered to right (385 feet). Rios grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Span grounded out to pitcher. Hudson singled to left. Mauer grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pierzynski popped out to third. Ramirez singled to left. Teahen grounded out to first, Ramirez to second. Pierre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer singled to center. Young flied out to right. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Beckham homered to left (365 feet). Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Konerko walked. Kotsay flied out to left. Rios popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Harris flied out to right. Punto popped out to second. Span popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pierzynski singled to left center. Ramirez popped out to second. Teahen grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. Morneau lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Pierre grounded out to first. Beckham grounded out to third. Quentin singled to left. Konerko singled to left, Quentin to second. Jones singled to left, Quentin scored, Konerko to second, Konerko to third, Jones to second on throwing error by left fielder Young. Rios grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer fouled out to first. Kubel struck out swinging. Hardy singled to center. Thome singled to deep left, Hardy thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - White Sox 5.	Play at home plate saves win for White Sox