Royals - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. DeJesus flied out to left. Podsednik bunt grounded out to pitcher. Butler doubled to right, Butler out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Span doubled to right center. Hudson walked. Mauer singled to left, Span to third, Hudson to second. Morneau walked, Span scored, Hudson to third, Mauer to second. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right, Hudson scored. Kubel popped out to shortstop. Young flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Ankiel struck out swinging. Callaspo singled to center. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hardy popped out to shortstop. Harris reached on infield single to first. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harris out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Gordon singled to left center. Betancourt singled to center, Gordon to second. DeJesus sacrificed to first, Gordon to third, Betancourt to second. Podsednik reached on infield single to second, Gordon scored, Betancourt to third. Podsednik stole second. Butler singled to left, Betancourt scored, Podsednik to third. Guillen singled to center, Podsednik scored, Butler to third. Ankiel struck out swinging. Callaspo homered to right (361 feet), Butler and Guillen scored. Kendall singled to center. Kendall stole second. Gordon flied out to left. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop. Morneau struck out looking. Cuddyer safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gordon, Mauer to second. Kubel reached on infield single to second, Mauer scored, Cuddyer to third. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus hit ground rule double to deep left. Podsednik singled to right, DeJesus scored. Butler doubled to deep left, Podsednik to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Ankiel grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hardy flied out to center. Harris flied out to center. Span singled to right. Hudson walked, Span to second. Mauer walked, Span to third, Hudson to second. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Callaspo grounded out to second. Kendall flied out to center. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cuddyer walked. Kubel lined into double play, second to first, Cuddyer doubled off first. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Betancourt flied out to right. DeJesus struck out swinging. Podsednik singled to right. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Hardy grounded out to pitcher. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Span struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Twins. Guillen singled to left. Guillen to second on wild pitch by Mahay. Ankiel struck out looking. Callaspo struck out swinging, Guillen stole third. Kendall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Hudson walked. Mauer lined out to center. Morneau walked, Hudson to second. Cuddyer singled to left, Hudson to third, Morneau to second. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hudson scored, Morneau to third, Cuddyer safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Young grounded out to first, Morneau scored, Cuddyer to third, Kubel to second. Hardy walked. Thome struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Mahay pitching for Twins. Gordon grounded out to second. Betancourt struck out swinging. DeJesus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rupe pitching for Royals. Span grounded out to shortstop. Hudson lined out to shortstop. Mauer singled to left. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Podsednik flied out to right. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guillen singled to right center. Bloomquist stole second. Ankiel walked. Callaspo homered to right (373 feet), Bloomquist and Ankiel scored. Kendall flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Kubel fouled out to shortstop. Young grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Twins 5.	Royals rough up Twins; Callaspo hits 2 homers