Tigers - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Jackson hit by pitch. Santiago reached on bunt single to second, Jackson to second. Raburn singled to center, Jackson to third, Santiago to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Jackson and Santiago scored, Raburn to third. Boesch doubled to right center, Raburn and Cabrera scored. Guillen singled to left, Boesch to third. Inge struck out swinging. Laird grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Span hit by pitch. Hudson doubled to deep right, Span to third. Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left, Span scored. Morneau walked. Kubel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Worth grounded out to second. Jackson singled to center. Jackson stole second. Santiago reached on infield single to shortstop, Jackson to third. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson scored, Santiago out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer lined out to left. Thome walked. Young flied out to center. Punto fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Boesch flied out to right. Guillen grounded out to third. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Span reached on infield single to shortstop. Hudson flied out to left. Mauer walked, Span to second. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Span to third, Mauer to second. Kubel grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Laird grounded out to second. Worth singled to right. Jackson struck out swinging. Worth stole second. Santiago walked. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer singled to left. Thome tripled to deep right, Cuddyer scored. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Thome scored. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second. Span grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Punto out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Cabrera walked. Boesch grounded out to second, Cabrera to second. Cabrera caught stealing third, catcher to third. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Hudson flied out to center. Mauer grounded out to first. Morneau singled to center. Kubel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Inge struck out swinging. Laird struck out swinging. Worth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer flied out to center. Thome homered to left (381 feet). Young singled to center. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to right, Young out at second. Span flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Jackson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Santiago sacrificed to first, Jackson to second, Santiago safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Raburn singled to left, Jackson scored, Santiago to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Boesch struck out swinging. Guillen popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Coke pitching for Tigers. Hudson singled to right. Mauer flied out to center. Morneau struck out looking. Kubel singled to right, Hudson scored. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Inge struck out swinging. Laird homered to left (386 feet). Worth singled to center. Jackson grounded out to pitcher, Worth to second. Santiago grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Thome grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Punto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Raburn struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Boesch struck out swinging. Guillen intentionally walked. Inge fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Kelly in left field. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Span struck out swinging. Hudson struck out swinging. Mauer popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Twins 5.	Tigers nab 1st but  Zumaya has scary arm injury