White Sox - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Rios grounded out to pitcher, Ramirez to second. Konerko walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Span struck out looking. Hudson lined out to shortstop. Mauer reached on infield single to third. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Pierzynski flied out to left. Viciedo grounded out to third. Lillibridge singled to center. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Thome struck out looking. Young walked. Hardy doubled to deep right, Young to third. Punto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Pierre struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Span grounded out to pitcher. Hudson grounded out to second. Mauer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Konerko struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kubel singled to right. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Thome walked, Kubel to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kubel safe at third on error by third baseman Viciedo, Thome to second. Hardy singled to center, Kubel scored, Thome to third, Young to second. Punto struck out swinging. Span reached on infield single to second, Thome scored, Young to third, Hardy to second, Young scored, Hardy to third on throwing error by second baseman Beckham. Hudson singled to center, Hardy scored, Span to third. Mauer flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Viciedo grounded out to catcher. Lillibridge struck out swinging. Beckham doubled to deep right. Pierre singled to right, Beckham scored. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierre to second, Pierre to third on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Rios struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Floyd pitching for White Sox. Kubel flied out to left. Cuddyer reached on infield single to pitcher, Cuddyer to second on throwing error by pitcher Floyd. Thome intentionally walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thome out at second, Cuddyer to third. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Konerko grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Threets pitching for White Sox. Punto flied out to right. Span flied out to center. Hudson singled to center. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Lillibridge grounded out to pitcher. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Threets pitching for White Sox. Kubel grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Thome singled to center. Pena pitching for White Sox. Repko ran for Thome. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Pierre walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pierre out at second. Rios struck out swinging, Rios safe at first on wild pitch by Liriano. Konerko doubled to deep right, Rios scored. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Pena pitching for White Sox. Hardy singled to left center. Punto sacrificed to pitcher, Hardy to second, Punto safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Pena. Hardy to third on throwing error by pitcher Pena. Span grounded out to first. Hudson walked. Mauer singled to center, Hardy and Punto scored, Hudson to second. Linebrink pitching for White Sox. Kubel popped out to second. Cuddyer singled to left, Hudson scored, Mauer to second. Repko flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Twins. Pierzynski walked. Viciedo singled to center, Pierzynski to second. Lillibridge struck out looking. Beckham singled to right center, Pierzynski scored, Viciedo to second. Pierre walked, Viciedo to third, Beckham to second. Ramirez walked, Viciedo scored, Beckham to third, Pierre to second. Crain pitching for Twins. Rios flied out to center. Konerko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Twins 7.	Twins stop White Sox