Twins - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Span singled to center. Hudson doubled to center, Span thrown out at home, Hudson to third advancing on throw. Mauer singled to left, Hudson scored. Cuddyer lined out to center. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Suzuki fouled out to third. Figgins walked. Branyan struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Valencia walked. Repko singled to left, Valencia to second. Casilla bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valencia out at third, Repko to second. Repko to third, Casilla to second on passed ball by Moore. Butera hit sacrifice fly to right, Repko scored, Casilla to third on throwing error by right fielder Suzuki. Span flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Kotchman fouled out to third. Gutierrez flied out to right. Moore reached on infield single to shortstop. Tuiasosopo walked, Moore to second. Jo Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tuiasosopo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Hudson grounded out to third. Mauer singled to right. Cuddyer popped out to first. Young popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Suzuki tripled to deep right center. Figgins grounded out to second, Suzuki scored. Branyan walked. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Branyan out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Valencia popped out to first. Repko struck out swinging. Casilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Kotchman grounded out to first. Gutierrez flied out to left. Moore lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Butera flied out to left. Span struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Tuiasosopo grounded out to third. Jo Wilson popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Mauer grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer singled to right. Young singled to deep left, Cuddyer to third. Valencia tripled to deep center, Cuddyer and Young scored. Repko fouled out to third. Casilla reached on infield single to shortstop, Valencia scored, Casilla to second on throwing error by shortstop Jo Wilson. Butera grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Figgins struck out looking. Branyan popped out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Span grounded out to third. Hudson doubled to left center. Mauer doubled to left, Hudson scored. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Young struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Baker pitching for Twins. Kotchman singled to left center. Gutierrez singled to center, Kotchman to second. Moore struck out swinging. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Jo Wilson singled to left, Kotchman scored, Gutierrez to second. Flores pitching for Twins. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Gutierrez to third, Jo Wilson to second. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Olson pitching for Mariners. Valencia flied out to right. Repko walked. Casilla struck out looking. Repko stole second. Butera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Twins. Branyan singled to right. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Branyan safe at second on error by first baseman Cuddyer. Kotchman walked, Branyan to third, Lopez to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Gutierrez fouled out to first. Moore grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Span singled to right. Span to second on wild pitch by Aardsma. Hudson struck out swinging. Mauer struck out looking. Cuddyer walked. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rauch pitching for Twins. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Jo Wilson walked. Jo Wilson to second on fielder's indifference. Suzuki grounded out to second, Jo Wilson to third. Figgins singled to right, Jo Wilson scored. Figgins to second on fielder's indifference. Branyan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Mariners 3.	Mauer's three hits help Twins get by Mariners