Tigers - Top 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Jackson singled to right. Rhymes walked, Jackson to second. Damon walked, Jackson to third, Rhymes to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson scored, Damon out at second, Rhymes to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Span popped out to shortstop. Casilla grounded out to first. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Kelly homered to right (393 feet). Avila struck out looking. Santiago flied out to right. Jackson tripled to deep left. Rhymes lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer singled to left. Young singled to center, Cuddyer to second. Valencia singled to left, Cuddyer to third, Young to second. Morales singled to center, Cuddyer and Young scored, Valencia to second. Repko struck out looking. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morales out at second, Valencia to third. Span grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Manship pitching for Twins. Damon flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Boesch grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Casilla struck out looking. Mauer walked. Cuddyer flied out to center. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Manship pitching for Twins. Peralta struck out swinging. Kelly flied out to center. Avila doubled to deep right. Santiago singled to right, Avila thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Valencia singled to left. Morales singled to center, Valencia to second. Repko struck out swinging. Valencia to third, Morales to second on wild pitch by Verlander. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to center, Valencia scored, Morales to third. Span flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Manship pitching for Twins. Jackson singled to center. Rhymes reached on infield single to shortstop, Jackson to second. Damon flied out to center, Jackson to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Jackson scored, Rhymes to second. Boesch flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Casilla grounded out to second. Mauer singled to left center. Cuddyer singled to left, Mauer to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mauer scored on error by second baseman Rhymes, Cuddyer safe at third on error by second baseman Rhymes. Valencia hit sacrifice fly to right, Cuddyer scored. Morales singled to right, Young to second. Repko singled to right, Young scored, Morales to third, Repko to second advancing on throw. Hardy popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Manship pitching for Twins. Peralta grounded out to third. Kelly flied out to center. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wells in left field. Kelly at first base. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Span grounded out to first. Casilla flied out to right. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Rauch pitching for Twins. Santiago flied out to center. Jackson walked. Rhymes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson safe at second on error by second baseman Casilla. Damon grounded out to first, Jackson to third, Rhymes to second. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Bonine pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third. Young flied out to center, Cuddyer to second. Valencia singled to left center, Cuddyer scored. Morales grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Valencia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Flores pitching for Twins. Inge hit for Boesch. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Peralta homered to center (418 feet). Raburn hit for Kelly. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Raburn homered to left (388 feet). Avila singled to center. Santiago struck out swinging. Jackson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy, Avila to third. Rhymes singled to center, Avila and Jackson scored. Damon grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Wells in right field. Inge at third base. Peralta at first base. Raburn in left field. Figaro pitching for Tigers. Repko walked. Hardy sacrificed to pitcher, Repko to second. Coke pitching for Tigers. Repko to third on passed ball by Avila. Span grounded out to first. Casilla singled to center, Repko scored. Mauer grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Wells homered to right (355 feet). Inge struck out swinging. Peralta walked. Raburn singled to center, Peralta to second. Avila grounded into fielder's choice to second, Raburn out at second, Peralta to third. Santiago struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Weinhardt pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Young grounded out to shortstop. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Crain pitching for Twins. Jackson struck out swinging. Rhymes lined out to second. Damon singled to right. Damon stole second. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Weinhardt pitching for Tigers. Morales struck out swinging. Repko struck out swinging. Thome hit for Hardy. Thomas pitching for Tigers. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 11th. Tolbert at shortstop. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duensing pitching for Twins. Duensing pitching for Twins. Casilla at shortstop. Tolbert at second base. Inge doubled to deep right. Peralta reached on infield single to third, Inge to third. Raburn singled to left, Inge scored, Peralta to second. Laird hit for Avila. Laird sacrificed to third, Peralta to third, Raburn to second. Santiago grounded out to first. Jackson intentionally walked. Rhymes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 11th. Laird catching. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Span walked. Casilla singled to left, Span to second. Mauer struck out swinging. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Span safe at third on error by third baseman Inge, Casilla to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span scored, Cuddyer out at second, Casilla to third. Valencia grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 12th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Damon grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to first. Inge singled to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 12th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Morales struck out swinging. Repko struck out looking. Tolbert singled to right center. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 13th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Raburn struck out swinging. Laird homered to left center (398 feet). Santiago flied out to left. Jackson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 13th. Valverde pitching for Tigers. Casilla struck out looking. Mauer grounded out to first. Cuddyer lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Twins 9.	Laird, Tigers tip Twins in 13th