Padres - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Tatis Jr. flied out to center . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Weathers pitching for Padres . Joe homered to right center ( 415 feet ) . Rodgers grounded out to shortstop . Story grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cronenworth doubled to deep left center . Nola grounded out to second , Cronenworth to third . Hosmer struck out swinging , Cronenworth scored on Senzatela wild pitch . Myers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Weathers pitching for Padres . Cron reached on infield single to second . McMahon singled to right , Cron to second . Díaz flied out to center . Daza grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McMahon out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Grisham struck out looking . Weathers bunt grounded out to pitcher . Tatis Jr. lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Weathers pitching for Padres . Senzatela struck out looking . Joe singled to left . Rodgers singled to center , Joe to second . Story doubled to left , Rodgers scored and Joe scored . Blackmon homered to center ( 438 feet ) , Story scored . Cron struck out swinging . McMahon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Frazier grounded out to pitcher . Machado singled to deep center . Cronenworth walked , Machado to second . Nola grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cronenworth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Weathers pitching for Padres . Díaz singled to right center . Daza grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Díaz out at second . Senzatela grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . Myers singled to left . Grisham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Myers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Adams pitching for Padres . Joe flied out to right . Rodgers popped out to shortstop . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Pham hit for Adams . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Pham grounded out to second . Tatis Jr. doubled to deep right center . Frazier lined out to left . Machado singled to shallow right center , Tatis Jr. scored . Cronenworth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Machado out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Crismatt pitching for Padres . Blackmon grounded out to second . Cron walked . McMahon grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Cron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Nola grounded out to first . Hosmer grounded out to second . Myers singled to center . Grisham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Crismatt pitching for Padres . Díaz lined out to center . Daza grounded out to shortstop . Hilliard hit for Senzatela . Hilliard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Caratini hit for Crismatt . Caratini grounded out to first . Tatis Jr. flied out to center . Frazier reached on infield single to second . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Díaz pitching for Padres . Joe flied out to right . Rodgers fouled out to first . Story grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Bard pitching for Rockies . Cronenworth reached on infield single to second . Nola reached on infield single to first , Cronenworth to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . Myers flied out to right , Cronenworth to third . Nola to second on fielder 's indifference . Grisham homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Cronenworth scored and Nola scored . Kim hit for Díaz . Kim lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Padres . Blackmon lined out to center . Cron homered to right ( 414 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Rockies 6 .	Cron homers with one out in 9th , Rockies beat Padres 6 - 5