Yankees - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out looking . Williams flied out to right . Sheffield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto singled to left , Catalanotto out stretching at second . Zaun reached on infield single to second . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui doubled to deep left . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center , Matsui scored . Sierra doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Posada grounded out to shortstop , Sierra to third . Martinez flied out to right . Womack singled to left , Sierra scored . Jeter grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Koskie popped out to shortstop . Wells struck out swinging . Hinske flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Williams walked . Sheffield struck out looking , Williams stole second . Matsui grounded out to first , Williams to third . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Rios tripled to deep right . Hudson hit sacrifice fly to center , Rios scored . Adams singled to center . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Zaun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra doubled to left . Posada doubled to left , Sierra scored . Martinez walked . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Womack sacrificed to third , Posada to third , Martinez to second . Jeter singled to left , Posada scored , Martinez to third . Williams singled to left center , Martinez scored , Jeter to third . Sheffield struck out looking . Matsui walked , Williams to second . Giambi hit for Sierra . Rodriguez walked , Jeter scored , Williams to third , Matsui to second . Giambi flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Koskie grounded out to shortstop . Wells flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to left . Martinez struck out looking . Womack flied out to right . Jeter walked , Posada to second . Williams walked , Posada to third , Jeter to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Hinske lined out to center . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Hudson doubled to left . Whiteside pitching for Blue Jays . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Whiteside pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to first . Rodriguez walked . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to second . Posada homered to right , Rodriguez and Giambi scored . Martinez grounded out to second . Womack hit by pitch . Jeter grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Myers hit for Zaun . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Womack . Myers singled to center , Catalanotto to third . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Catalanotto scored , Myers out at second . Myers catching . Menechino at second base . Koskie popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Crosby ran for Williams . Whiteside pitching for Blue Jays . Williams reached on infield single to second . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Crosby to third . Matsui grounded out to second , Crosby scored , Sheffield to third . Rodriguez struck out looking . Crosby in center field . Giambi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Wells lined out to third . Hinske flied out to left . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson in center field . Rios flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to shortstop . Martinez grounded out to first . Womack struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Menechino flied out to left . Adams flied out to right . Catalanotto singled to right . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Myers lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to center . Crosby struck out swinging . Sheffield singled to center , Jeter to second . Matsui flied out to right , Jeter to third . Karsay pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Karsay pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand popped out to second . Koskie struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 11 - Blue Jays 2 .	Yanks ' bats stay hot to help Pavano nab first win