Devil Rays - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to right . Lugo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Catalanotto fouled out to shortstop . Hudson popped out to shortstop . Wells walked . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Huff lined out to center . Perez struck out looking . Phelps singled to left . Cantu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phelps out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop . Hinske grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . Zaun struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hall popped out to second . Gomes singled to left center . Crawford struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to right , Gomes to second . Lugo reached on infield single to third , Gomes to third , Gonzalez to second , Gomes scored , Gonzalez to third , Lugo to second on throwing error by third baseman Koskie . Huff walked . Perez struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Rios singled to left . Adams singled to center , Rios to second . Catalanotto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second , Rios to third . Hudson hit by pitch . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Phelps flied out to right . Cantu grounded out to third . Hall flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Koskie hit by pitch . Hillenbrand singled to center , Koskie to second . Hinske struck out looking . Zaun grounded into double play , second to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Crawford homered to right center . Gonzalez fouled out to second . Lugo lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Rios lined out to pitcher . Adams popped out to shortstop . Catalanotto popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Huff singled to center . Perez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Huff out at second . Phelps struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Brazelton pitching for Devil Rays . Hudson singled to center . Wells flied out to left . Koskie singled to right center , Hudson to third . Hillenbrand doubled to left , Hudson scored , Koskie to third . Hinske intentionally walked . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Koskie scored , Hillenbrand to third , Hinske safe at second on error by third baseman Gonzalez . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald hit for Adams . Rios singled to right center , Hillenbrand and Hinske scored , Zaun to second . Johnson hit for Catalanotto . McDonald walked , Zaun to third , Rios to second . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zaun scored , McDonald out at second , Rios to third . Hudson doubled to right , Rios scored , Johnson to third . Johnson in left field . McDonald at shortstop . Wells flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Cantu singled to center . Hall singled to center , Cantu to second . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Gomes homered to left , Cantu and Hall scored . Crawford grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lugo singled to center . Huff grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Koskie grounded out to second . Hillenbrand fouled out to third . Hinske singled to right . Zaun walked , Hinske to second . Sanchez hit for Perez . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Green hit for Sanchez . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Green singled to right . Phelps struck out swinging . Huff at first base . Green in right field . Cantu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald lined out to shortstop . Johnson hit by pitch . Hudson walked . Wells hit sacrifice fly to left , Johnson scored . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton hit for Hall . Koskie flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton flied out to center . Gomes flied out to center . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 5 - Blue Jays 7 .	Unlucky 13 : Brazelton 's road record falls to 0 - 13