Red Sox - Top 1st . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Damon walked . Damon stole second . Renteria singled to right , Damon to third . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Damon scored , Renteria out at second . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Johnson popped out to second . Menechino struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon flied out to left . Varitek reached on infield single to second . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Hillenbrand lined out to third . Wells reached on infield single to first . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells out at second . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Mueller singled to right . Bellhorn walked , Mueller to second . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bellhorn out at second , Mueller to third . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mueller out at home , Damon to third , Renteria to second . Ortiz singled to right , Damon and Renteria scored . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Ortiz thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Hudson flied out to right . McDonald doubled to left . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , McDonald to third . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Menechino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon grounded out to first . Varitek struck out swinging . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Rios doubled to right center . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at third . Hillenbrand stole second , Hillenbrand safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varitek . Wells walked . Hill tripled to deep center , Hillenbrand and Wells scored . Zaun homered to left , Hill scored . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . McDonald singled to left center . Johnson flied out to center . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Bellhorn grounded out to third . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Menechino flied out to right . Rios struck out swinging . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Renteria grounded out to third . Ortiz fouled out to catcher . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Wells popped out to second . Hill grounded out to second . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Renteria tripled to deep right center . Ortiz singled to center , Renteria scored . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez lined out to second . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon grounded out to second , Ortiz to second . Varitek struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Hillenbrand grounded out to third . Wells popped out to second . Hill grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Millar grounded out to second . Youkilis ran for Mueller . Mueller hit by pitch . Bellhorn fouled out to first . Youkilis at third base . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Damon lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . Hudson singled to left . McDonald walked , Hudson to second . Johnson homered to center , Hudson and McDonald scored . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - Blue Jays 9 .	Big blows : Outfielder 's two HRs lift Jays past BoSox