Orioles - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts singled to left . Roberts stole second . Gomez grounded out to second , Roberts to third . Tejada grounded out to third , Roberts scored . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Adams grounded out to first . Catalanotto flied out to right . Wells singled to center . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Sosa struck out swinging . Gibbons grounded out to shortstop . Bigbie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hill singled to center . Hinske singled to left , Hill to second . Zaun singled to center , Hill scored , Hinske to second . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zaun out at second , Hinske to third . Hudson singled to left , Hinske scored , Rios to second . Adams lined into double play , pitcher to first , Hudson out at first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Newhan reached on infield single to shortstop . Fasano singled to right , Newhan to second . Roberts singled to center , Newhan thrown out at home , Fasano to second . Gomez flied out to center . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Catalanotto walked . Wells struck out looking . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Catalanotto to second . Hill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Palmeiro singled to right . Sosa struck out looking . Gibbons flied out to right . Bigbie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hinske doubled to deep right center . Zaun lined into double play , first to shortstop , Hinske doubled off second . Rios lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Newhan struck out swinging . Fasano flied out to right . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . Adams reached on infield single to first . Adams to second on wild pitch by Ponson . Catalanotto reached on infield single to second , Adams to third . Wells popped out to second . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Tejada grounded out to third . Palmeiro popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Orioles . Hill singled to left . Hinske walked , Hill to second . Zaun lined out to second . Rios singled to left , Hill scored , Hinske to second . Ray pitching for Orioles . Hudson doubled to right , Hinske and Rios scored , Hudson to third advancing on throw . Adams hit sacrifice fly to right , Hudson scored . Catalanotto singled to left . Wells flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Sosa popped out to first . Gibbons singled to center . Bigbie struck out swinging . Reed pitching for Orioles . Newhan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gibbons out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand doubled to left . Hill grounded out to third . Hinske grounded out to second , Hillenbrand to third . Johnson in left field . Zaun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Fasano hit by pitch . Roberts grounded out to second , Fasano to second . Gomez struck out swinging . Tejada singled to center , Fasano scored . Palmeiro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Baldwin pitching for Orioles . Rios singled to left center . Rios stole second , Rios safe at third on throwing error by catcher Fasano . Hudson walked . Adams lined into double play , pitcher to first , Hudson doubled off first . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Sosa struck out swinging . Gibbons grounded out to catcher . Bigbie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Blue Jays 6 .	Halladay beats O 's for win No . 11