Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Adams lined out to center . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young homered to right center . Teixeira grounded out to first . Blalock reached on infield single to shortstop . Soriano singled to center , Blalock to second . Mench struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wasdin pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand hit by pitch . Zaun walked , Hillenbrand to second . Gross struck out swinging . Hinske doubled to deep right , Hillenbrand scored , Zaun to third . Rios singled to right , Zaun and Hinske scored . Menechino singled to left , Rios to second . Adams struck out swinging . Catalanotto singled to left , Rios scored , Menechino to second . Wells walked , Menechino to third , Catalanotto to second . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand singled to center , Menechino and Catalanotto scored , Wells to third . Zaun walked , Hillenbrand to second . Gross popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Nix safe at first on error by second baseman Menechino . Barajas grounded out to third , Nix to second . Matthews Jr singled to right , Nix to third . Dellucci struck out looking . Young singled to right , Nix scored , Matthews Jr to third . Teixeira struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Hinske struck out swinging . Rios struck out swinging . Menechino walked . Adams walked , Menechino to second . Catalanotto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock homered to right . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Mench grounded out to pitcher . Nix lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Benoit pitching for Rangers . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Zaun fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Barajas singled to left . Matthews Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barajas out at second . Dellucci struck out looking . Young tripled to deep right center , Matthews Jr scored . Teixeira hit by pitch . Blalock singled to right center , Young scored , Teixeira to second . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blalock out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Gross grounded out to shortstop . Hinske struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Rios grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Mench reached on infield single to third . Nix singled to right , Mench to second . Barajas grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Nix out at second , Mench to third . Matthews Jr walked . Dellucci grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Menechino walked . Adams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Menechino out at second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Adams out at second . Wells batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Young grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to right . Blalock flied out to left . Soriano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Zaun grounded out to first . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Gross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Mench popped out to second . Nix flied out to left . Barajas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Hinske struck out swinging . Rios struck out swinging . McDonald at second base . Menechino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Matthews Jr walked . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young reached on infield single to shortstop , Matthews Jr to second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Teixeira grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Adams grounded out to third . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Catalanotto flied out to center . Wells singled to right . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Blalock safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Hillenbrand . Soriano singled to center , Blalock scored . Mench flied out to right . Soriano stole second , Soriano safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun . Nix intentionally walked . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soriano scored , Nix to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Rangers 7 .	Rangers rally for two in ninth to beat Blue Jays