Yankees - Top 1st . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter lined out to right . Cano doubled to left center . Sheffield struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Adams walked . Johnson hit by pitch , Adams to second . Wells struck out swinging . Hillenbrand singled to left center , Adams scored , Johnson to second . Hill singled to center , Johnson scored , Hillenbrand to third . Zaun struck out swinging . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi grounded out to first . Posada singled to left . Williams singled to right , Posada to third . Flaherty walked , Williams to second . Jeter singled to center , Posada and Williams scored , Flaherty to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jeter out at second , Flaherty to third . Sheffield singled to center , Flaherty scored , Cano to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Rios struck out looking . Menechino homered to left . Hudson grounded out to third . Adams singled to shallow center . Johnson singled to right , Adams to second . Wells doubled to deep center , Adams scored , Johnson thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui struck out swinging . Giambi struck out swinging . Posada singled to center . Williams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand singled to right . Hill reached on infield single to third , Hillenbrand to second . Zaun fouled out to first . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill out at second , Hillenbrand to third . Hillenbrand stole home , Rios safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Giambi . Menechino grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty flied out to left . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Cano singled to left , Jeter to second . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Sheffield walked , Jeter to third , Cano to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter scored , Sheffield out at second , Cano to third . Matsui struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Hudson grounded out to third . Adams safe at first on error by pitcher Ra Johnson . Johnson singled to center , Adams to third . Wells singled to right center , Adams scored , Johnson to second . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi walked . Posada flied out to center . Williams flied out to center . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Flaherty flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Hill singled to center . Zaun singled to center , Hill to second . Hinske hit for Menechino . Rios flied out to right . Hinske flied out to center , Hill to third . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to center . Cano grounded out to second , Jeter to second . Sheffield walked . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second , Jeter to third . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Adams fouled out to third . Johnson struck out looking . Wells singled to center . Wells stole second , Wells safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flaherty . Hillenbrand homered to left , Wells scored . Hill flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi bunt grounded out to pitcher . Posada flied out to center . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Zaun fouled out to catcher . Franklin pitching for Yankees . Rios struck out swinging . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Womack hit for Flaherty . Hinske popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Womack fouled out to third . Jeter struck out looking . Posada catching . Cano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Yankees . Hudson flied out to right . Rodriguez pitching for Yankees . Adams grounded out to third . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Sheffield homered to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to second . Giambi walked . Posada flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Blue Jays 8 .	Hillenbrand leads Jays past Yanks