Blue Jays - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Johnson doubled to left center . Hudson hit by pitch . Wells flied out to right , Johnson to third . Hillenbrand struck out looking . Johnson scored , Hudson to second on wild pitch by Bedard . Hill walked . Rios struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts walked . Byrnes doubled to deep center , Roberts to third . Mora fouled out to first . Tejada grounded out to second , Roberts scored , Byrnes to third . Lopez doubled to right center , Byrnes scored . Lopez to third on wild pitch by McGowan . Palmeiro walked . Sosa struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Menechino singled to left . Catalanotto grounded out to first , Menechino to second . Huckaby singled to center , Menechino to third . Johnson grounded out to pitcher , Menechino scored , Huckaby to second . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Gibbons safe at second on error by center fielder Johnson . Matos reached on bunt single to second , Gibbons to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left , Gibbons scored . Matos caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Byrnes walked . Byrnes stole second . Mora grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Wells grounded out to second . Hillenbrand fouled out to catcher . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Tejada hit by pitch . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tejada out at second . Palmeiro grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Rios struck out swinging . Menechino struck out swinging . Catalanotto doubled to right . Huckaby grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Sosa flied out to center . Gibbons walked . Matos singled to left , Gibbons to second . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts singled to right , Gibbons to third , Matos to second . Byrnes walked , Gibbons scored , Matos to third , Roberts to second . Mora popped out to second . Tejada flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bedard pitching for Orioles . Johnson flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Wells singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to right center , Wells to third . Hill singled to left center , Wells scored , Hillenbrand to second . Rios flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez singled to left . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Lopez to second . Lopez picked off second . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Adams hit for Menechino . Sosa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Grimsley pitching for Orioles . Adams grounded out to first . Zaun hit for Huckaby . Catalanotto walked . Zaun singled to center , Catalanotto to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson singled to left , Catalanotto scored , Zaun to second , Hudson to second , Zaun to third advancing on throw . Hill at third base . Adams at shortstop . Zaun catching . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Wells grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Gibbons grounded out to second . Matos walked . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts grounded out to second , Matos to second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Hill grounded out to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Mora singled to center . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mora out at second . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Byrdak pitching for Orioles . Adams singled to center . Catalanotto sacrificed to pitcher , Adams to second . Zaun grounded out to third . Williams pitching for Orioles . Johnson doubled to right , Adams scored . Hudson singled to right , Johnson scored , Hudson to second advancing on throw . Wells singled to right , Hudson scored . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Sosa flied out to center . Kline pitching for Orioles . Gibbons popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Hill walked . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hill out at second . Adams singled to center . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson in left field . Wells in center field . Catalanotto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Matos singled to center . Roberts doubled to deep right , Matos to third . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . Mora grounded out to second , Matos scored , Roberts to third . Tejada hit by pitch . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts scored , Tejada to second . Newhan ran for Lopez . Palmeiro flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Orioles 6 .	Palmeiro hitless in return to Orioles ' lineup