Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon lined out to shortstop . Story grounded out to third . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Segura lined out to left . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to first . Reynolds singled to right . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Castillo lined out to center . Peralta singled to left . Tomás doubled to deep right , Peralta to third . Lamb struck out swinging . Greinke reached on infield single to shortstop , Peralta scored , Tomás to third . Ahmed lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to right . De La Rosa reached on infield single to shortstop , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon doubled to deep right center , LeMahieu scored , De La Rosa to third . Story homered to right ( 368 feet ) , De La Rosa and Blackmon scored . González homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Arenado flied out to center . Parra doubled to deep center . Reynolds popped out to shortstop . Parra stole third . Hundley walked . LeMahieu singled to center , Parra scored , Hundley to third . De La Rosa struck out looking . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Segura flied out to right . Owings struck out swinging , Owings safe at first on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to first . Story homered to left ( 428 feet ) . González lined out to center . Arenado flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to center . Tomás struck out swinging . Lamb homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Peralta scored . Drury hit for Greinke . Drury grounded out to pitcher . Ahmed struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra fouled out to shortstop . Reynolds flied out to center . Hundley singled to right . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to center . Owings reached on infield single to second , Segura to second . Goldschmidt walked , Segura to third , Owings to second . Castillo flied out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Tomás singled to left , Segura and Owings scored , Goldschmidt to second . Lamb walked , Goldschmidt to third , Tomás to second . Gosselin hit for Barrett . Miller pitching for Rockies . Adames at second base . Gosselin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames grounded out to second . Blackmon flied out to left . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Ahmed singled to left center . Segura singled to right , Ahmed to third . Owings lined into double play , to third , Ahmed doubled off third . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . González struck out swinging . Arenado singled to right . Parra doubled to right center , Arenado to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hundley walked . Paulsen hit for Miller . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Raburn hit for Paulsen . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parra out at third , Hundley to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Castillo lined out to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . Tomás flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . Story lined out to shortstop . González singled to left , Blackmon to second . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Brito in left field . Arenado homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Blackmon and González scored . Parra doubled to left . Reynolds walked . Parra to third , Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Bracho . Hundley lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Lamb grounded out to second . Brito struck out swinging . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Ahmed doubled to deep left . Segura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Barnes hit for Qualls . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes hit by pitch . Adames lined out to center . Blackmon flied out to left . Story struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Castro pitching for Rockies . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Castillo walked . Peralta singled to center , Castillo to second . Weeks Jr. hit for Bracho . Weeks Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 10 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Story makes MLB history , Greinke has awful night in Arizona