Giants - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Span struck out swinging . Pagán lined out to second . Posey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . LeMahieu popped out to third . Story struck out swinging . González popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pence safe at first on error by pitcher De La Rosa . Belt lined into double play , second to first , Pence doubled off first . Duffy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Arenado flied out to center . Parra struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . Tomlinson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Paulsen struck out swinging . Wolters grounded out to second . De La Rosa singled to center . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , De La Rosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Span singled to center . Pagán walked , Span to second . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Span safe at third on error by pitcher De La Rosa , Pagán to second . Span scored , Pagán to third , Posey to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Pence grounded out to third . Belt lined out to first . Duffy grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Story struck out looking . González grounded out to pitcher . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Crawford struck out swinging . Cain struck out swinging . Tomlinson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Parra homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Reynolds doubled to deep center . Paulsen struck out swinging . Wolters singled to shallow left , Reynolds to third . Wolters stole second . De La Rosa singled to right , Reynolds and Wolters scored . LeMahieu doubled to deep right , De La Rosa to third . Story struck out swinging . González walked . Heston pitching for Giants . Arenado doubled to deep left , De La Rosa and LeMahieu scored , González to third . Parra intentionally walked . Reynolds doubled to deep center , González , Arenado and Parra scored . Paulsen singled to left , Reynolds scored , Paulsen to second on throwing error by left fielder Pagán . Wolters struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Span grounded out to first . Pagán popped out to first . Posey flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Heston pitching for Giants . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu walked . Story walked , LeMahieu to second . González grounded out to second , LeMahieu to third , Story to second . Arenado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Parra in left field . Barnes in center field . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pence grounded out to third . Belt singled to deep right . Duffy doubled to deep right , Belt scored . Crawford flied out to right . Adrianza hit for Heston . Adrianza doubled to left , Duffy scored . Miller pitching for Rockies . Tomlinson reached on infield single to pitcher , Adrianza to third . Span singled to left , Adrianza scored , Tomlinson to second . Pagán singled to left , Tomlinson to third , Span to second . Posey grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . López pitching for Giants . Brown catching . Adrianza at shortstop . Parra singled to left . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . Barnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Pence safe at first on error by pitcher Qualls . Belt homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Pence scored . Duffy singled to right . Brown grounded out to second , Duffy to second . Adrianza lined out to shortstop . Tomlinson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Wolters reached on infield single to third . Adames hit for Qualls . Panik at second base . Strickland pitching for Giants . Tomlinson at shortstop . Adames struck out swinging , Wolters stole second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wolters out at third . Story singled to left , LeMahieu to second . González doubled to deep right , LeMahieu and Story scored . Arenado flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Span flied out to left . Pagán flied out to center . Panik walked . Pence lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Rockies 11 .	De La Rosa 's strong day lifts Rockies over Giants