Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Segura struck out swinging . Drury singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon to second on balk by De La Rosa . Story struck out swinging . González struck out looking . Arenado fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Tomás singled to left . Owings flied out to center . Ahmed walked , Tomás to second . De La Rosa grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Paulsen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to left . Drury lined out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters singled to center . Rusin bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wolters out at second . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rusin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Tomás doubled to deep center . Owings singled to right , Tomás thrown out at home , Owings to second advancing on throw . Ahmed popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . González struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to left . Parra doubled to deep left . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . De La Rosa struck out looking . Segura singled to right . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura out at second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulsen grounded out to pitcher . Wolters safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed . Rusin sacrificed to catcher , Wolters to second . Blackmon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Castillo doubled to deep center . Lamb grounded out to second , Castillo to third . Tomás intentionally walked . Owings doubled to center , Castillo scored , Tomás to third . Ahmed singled to right , Tomás scored , Owings to third . De La Rosa sacrificed to first , Owings scored , Ahmed to second . Segura singled to right , Ahmed scored . Germen pitching for Rockies . Segura caught stealing second , catcher to second . Drury batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Story flied out to left . González grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Drury grounded out to third . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 429 feet ) . Castillo struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to first . Paulsen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Reynolds at first base . Tomás singled to center . Owings flied out to right . Ahmed walked , Tomás to second . De La Rosa sacrificed to pitcher , Tomás to third , Ahmed to second . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters walked . Reynolds singled to right , Wolters to third . Wolters scored , Reynolds to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Blackmon grounded out to second , Reynolds to third . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Story fouled out to catcher . González grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Drury singled to center . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . Castillo singled to right , Drury to second . Lamb flied out to left . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado lined out to left . Parra grounded out to third . LeMahieu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Rockies 1 .	De La Rosa sharp , Arizona beats Rockies 5 - 1 for 5th straight