Rockies - Top 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Blackmon doubled to right . Story struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to center . González reached on infield single to second , Blackmon to third . Reynolds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Jaso flied out to center . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Parra flied out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Wolters struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Marte singled to center . Marte stole second . Freese struck out swinging . Cervelli walked . Marte to third , Cervelli to second on wild pitch by Lyles . Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop , Marte scored , Cervelli to third . Harrison stole second . Rodriguez walked . Vogelsong hit by pitch , Cervelli scored , Harrison to third , Rodriguez to second . Locke ran for Vogelsong . Jaso grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Locke out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Boscán pitching for Pirates . Lyles popped out to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . McCutchen singled to left . Polanco singled to right , McCutchen to second . Marte flied out to left , McCutchen to third . Polanco stole second . Freese walked . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCutchen and Polanco scored , Freese safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Reynolds . Harrison singled to center , Freese scored , Cervelli to third . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cervelli out at home , Harrison to second . Boscán singled to center , Harrison scored , Rodriguez to third . Jaso grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Boscan pitching for Pirates . Arenado flied out to right . González grounded out to third . Reynolds popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . McCutchen struck out looking . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Boscan pitching for Pirates . Parra flied out to center . LeMahieu singled to center . LeMahieu to second on balk by Boscán . Wolters walked . Rusin grounded out to pitcher , LeMahieu to third , Wolters to second . Blackmon doubled to right , LeMahieu and Wolters scored . Story popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Freese grounded out to second . Cervelli singled to left center . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cervelli out at second . Harrison caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Rodriguez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Boscan pitching for Pirates . Arenado grounded out to second . González struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Kang hit for Boscán . Kang flied out to left . Jaso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Parra grounded out to first . LeMahieu struck out looking . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . McCutchen lined out to left . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Mercer at shortstop . Rodriguez at first base . Watson pitching for Pirates . Adames hit for Rusin . Adames popped out to first . Blackmon grounded out to second . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Castro pitching for Rockies . Freese grounded out to third . Cervelli lined out to second . Harrison lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Arenado grounded out to third . González singled to left . Reynolds singled to center , González to second . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Parra singled to right , González to third , Reynolds to second . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to right , González scored . Raburn hit for Wolters . Raburn flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 3 - Pirates 6 .	Pirates ' Vogelsong hit in head by pitch in win over Rockies