Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to center . Bourn singled to right center , Segura to second . Segura stole third . Bourn stole second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Gosselin struck out swinging . Lamb hit sacrifice fly to center , Segura scored . O'Brien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu singled to right center . Arenado struck out swinging . Raburn lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Herrmann reached on infield single to third . Tomás struck out swinging . Bradley sacrificed to catcher , Herrmann to second . Segura doubled to right , Herrmann scored . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds singled to right . Hundley lined out to right . Reynolds to second on balk by Bradley . Adames walked . Barnes grounded out to third , Reynolds to third , Adames to second . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt doubled to left . Goldschmidt stole third . Gosselin grounded out to first . Lamb struck out swinging . O'Brien grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Bradley . LeMahieu walked . Arenado walked , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Raburn hit sacrifice fly to right , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Herrmann grounded out to third . Tomás doubled to left . Bradley struck out swinging . Tomás stole third . Segura grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames doubled to left . Barnes struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Bourn struck out looking . Goldschmidt walked . Gosselin struck out swinging . Lamb singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . O'Brien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado flied out to left . Raburn doubled to deep left . Reynolds flied out to left . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Herrmann reached on infield single to third . Tomás grounded out to third , Herrmann to second . Drury hit for Bradley . Drury flied out to left , Herrmann to third . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Adames grounded out to shortstop . Barnes reached on infield single to second . Descalso hit for Qualls . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes stole second . Descalso walked . Blackmon popped out to second . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb , Barnes advanced to third on Lamb error , Descalso advanced to second on Lamb error , Barnes and Descalso scored , LeMahieu to second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb . Arenado intentionally walked . Raburn grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Castro pitching for Rockies . Bourn walked . Goldschmidt singled to center , Bourn to third . Gosselin grounded out to first , Goldschmidt to second . Logan pitching for Rockies . Lamb tripled to deep left center , Bourn and Goldschmidt scored . O'Brien intentionally walked . Herrmann singled to right center , Lamb scored , O'Brien to third . Motte pitching for Rockies . Tomás homered to left ( 442 feet ) , O'Brien and Herrmann scored . Godley grounded out to third . Segura safe at first on throwing error by second baseman LeMahieu . Segura stole second . Bourn flied out to center . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds singled to left center . Hundley doubled to deep right , Reynolds to third . Adames grounded out to first , Reynolds scored , Hundley to third . Barnes struck out looking . Story hit for Motte . Story reached on infield single to shortstop , Hundley scored . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Story to second on balk by Clippard . Blackmon struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt lined out to left . Gosselin grounded out to shortstop . Lamb doubled to deep right . O'Brien flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Segura at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu hit ground rule double to deep center . Arenado doubled to deep center , LeMahieu scored . Raburn walked . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds flied out to center . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Raburn out at second , Arenado to third . Adames singled to right , Arenado scored , Hundley to third . Hundley scored , Adames to second on wild pitch by Delgado . Barnes safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb , Adames to third . González hit for Lyles . González doubled to center , Adames scored , Barnes to third . Blackmon intentionally walked . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks Jr. in left field . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . González in right field . Herrmann flied out to left . Tomás homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Weeks Jr. struck out looking . Segura doubled to left . Segura to third on wild pitch by Estevez . Bourn singled to left center , Segura scored . Bourn stole second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Ahmed flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado hit ground rule double to deep center . Wolters hit for Estevez . Wolters sacrificed to catcher , Arenado to third , Wolters safe at first on throwing error by catcher Herrmann . Arenado to third on throwing error by catcher Herrmann . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at home , Wolters to second . Hundley flied out to left . Adames grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 9 .	D - backs , Rockies play longest 9 - inning NL game