Blue Jays - Top 1st . Butler pitching for Rockies . Carrera grounded out to shortstop . Travis flied out to right . Donaldson walked . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Blackmon singled to center . Adames singled to shallow right , Blackmon to second . Arenado flied out to right , Blackmon to third . González singled to center , Blackmon scored , Adames to second . Story lined out to left . Reynolds struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Saunders flied out to left . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Martin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Hundley doubled to deep right . Barnes grounded out to second , Hundley to third . Butler struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Pillar singled to right . Happ sacrificed to pitcher , Pillar to second . Carrera walked . Travis singled to right , Pillar scored , Carrera to second . Donaldson flied out to center , Carrera to third . Encarnación walked , Travis to second . Saunders flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Adames walked . Arenado doubled to left , Adames to third . González homered to right center ( 427 feet ) , Adames and Arenado scored . Story grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds popped out to first . Hundley lined out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 454 feet ) . Martin singled to right . Pillar struck out swinging . Happ grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martin safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Butler . Carrera singled to right , Martin scored , Happ to second . Flande pitching for Rockies . Travis singled to left , Happ to third , Carrera to second . Donaldson tripled to deep right , Happ , Carrera and Travis scored . Encarnación intentionally walked . Saunders safe at first on error by pitcher Flande , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to second . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to first , Encarnación out at third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Barnes doubled to deep left . Flande sacrificed to second , Barnes to third . Blackmon grounded out to third , Barnes scored . Adames struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Martin walked . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . Happ sacrificed to pitcher , Pillar to second . Carrera doubled to deep right , Pillar scored . Travis lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Arenado flied out to right . González singled to left . Story flied out to center . Reynolds singled to left , González to second . Hundley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Donaldson grounded out to second . Encarnación walked . Saunders singled to center , Encarnación to second . Tulowitzki lined out to right . Martin singled to center , Encarnación scored , Saunders to third . Pillar doubled to deep center , Saunders and Martin scored . Lake hit for Happ . Lake singled to left , Pillar thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . Descalso hit for Flande . Descalso struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to right . Adames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Descalso at second base . Carrera walked . Carrera stole second . Travis walked . Donaldson singled to left , Carrera to third , Travis to second . Encarnación fouled out to right . Saunders hit sacrifice fly to center , Carrera scored , Travis to third . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Arenado doubled to right . González singled to right , Arenado scored . Story grounded out to second , González to second . Reynolds grounded out to second , González to third . Hundley safe at first on error by first baseman Encarnación , González scored . Barnes singled to left center , Hundley to third . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Goins at shortstop . Descalso walked , Barnes to second . Blackmon singled to left center , Hundley and Barnes scored , Descalso to third . Wolters hit for Miller . Wolters struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Wolters at shortstop . LeMahieu at second base . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Martin reached on infield single to third . Pillar singled to right , Martin to second . Goins sacrificed to catcher , Martin to third , Pillar to second . Carrera grounded out to first . Travis reached on infield single to first , Martin scored , Pillar to third . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Travis out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Arenado struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Barney at second base . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Rockies . Reynolds at second base . Raburn at first base . Encarnación reached on infield single to shortstop . Saunders singled to center , Encarnación to second , Encarnación to third on error by center fielder Blackmon . Barney grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Encarnación scored , Saunders safe at second on error by shortstop Wolters . Martin struck out swinging . Pillar lined out to right . Goins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Smoak at first base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Hundley flied out to center . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 14 - Rockies 9 .	Tulo homers in Blue Jays ' first win at Colorado