Phillies - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Bourjos struck out looking . Galvis grounded out to third . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu singled to center . Arenado struck out swinging . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Joseph homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Paredes flied out to right . Ruiz grounded out to third . Hernández reached on bunt single to pitcher . Goeddel struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Story struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Eickhoff flied out to left . Bourjos lined out to second . Galvis singled to center . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Wolters bunt grounded out to third . Anderson singled to right . Blackmon singled to right , Anderson to second . LeMahieu grounded into double play , third to first , Anderson out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Joseph doubled to deep right . Paredes flied out to center , Joseph to third . Ruiz singled to right , Joseph scored . Hernández singled to left center , Ruiz to second . Goeddel lined out to center , Ruiz to third . Eickhoff struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Arenado grounded out to third . González flied out to right . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Galvis struck out swinging . Franco reached on infield single to third . Joseph singled to right center , Franco to third . Paredes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joseph out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Descalso grounded out to second . Reynolds flied out to center . Wolters singled to left . Anderson homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Wolters scored . Blackmon grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Ruiz lined out to first . Hernández reached on infield single to third . Goeddel grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández out at second . Eickhoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . LeMahieu singled to center . Arenado doubled to deep left , LeMahieu to third . González grounded out to second , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third . Story hit by pitch . Descalso walked , Story to second . Reynolds walked , Arenado scored , Story to third , Descalso to second . Wolters tripled to right , Story , Descalso and Reynolds scored . González pitching for Phillies . Barnes hit for Anderson . Barnes doubled to deep left , Wolters scored . Blackmon lined out to center , Barnes to third . LeMahieu struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . Bourjos singled to left . Galvis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bourjos out at second . Franco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Arenado tripled to deep right . González popped out to shortstop . Story struck out swinging . Lyles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Joseph singled to left . Paredes doubled to right , Joseph to third . Ruiz grounded out to second , Joseph scored , Paredes to third . Hernández lined out to second . Goeddel grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Phillies . Reynolds flied out to right . Wolters grounded out to second . Barnes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Herrera hit for González . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Herrera lined out to center . Bourjos struck out swinging . Galvis singled to right . Galvis to second on fielder 's indifference . Franco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Rockies 8 .	Anderson hits HR , gets 1st win as Rockies beat Phillies 8 - 3