Dodgers - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Kendrick lined out to center . Seager singled to right . Turner homered to right ( 373 feet ) , Seager scored . Van Slyke grounded out to first . González grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon to second . González grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LeMahieu out at second , Blackmon to third . Arenado homered to left center ( 436 feet ) , Blackmon and González scored . Dahl singled to right center . Reynolds homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Dahl scored . Descalso struck out swinging . Hundley popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to pitcher . Pederson walked . Ellis singled to center , Pederson to third . Stewart bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pederson out at home , Ellis to second . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Anderson flied out to center . Blackmon lined out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Seager struck out looking . Turner flied out to center . Van Slyke struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . González grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to second . Dahl fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . González singled to left center . Hernández flied out to center . Pederson popped out to second . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds singled to center . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Reynolds out at second . Hundley grounded out to third , Descalso to second . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Stewart struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out looking . Seager lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon singled to center . Blackmon stole second . LeMahieu homered to right center ( 423 feet ) , Blackmon scored . González homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . Arenado walked . Dahl singled to right , Arenado to third . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds singled to left , Arenado scored , Dahl to second . Descalso lined out to center , Dahl to third . Hundley struck out looking . Anderson walked , Reynolds to second . Blackmon lined out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Turner singled to center . Van Slyke lined out to center . González grounded into double play , second to third to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Urías pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu walked . González homered to right ( 428 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Arenado reached on infield single to shortstop . Dahl singled to center , Arenado to third . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Arenado scored , Dahl out at second . Descalso reached on infield single to first . Descalso to second on wild pitch by Urías . Hundley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Hernández walked . Pederson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Hernández out at second . Ellis singled to center . Urías struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ynoa hit for Anderson . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Ynoa fouled out to first . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu singled to center . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Dahl in right field . Ynoa in left field . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . Seager lined out to right . Taylor hit for Turner . Taylor lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Taylor at third base . Adames hit for Arenado . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Adames singled to right . Dahl struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Adames at third base . Van Slyke grounded out to second . González walked . Hernández grounded into double play , third to second to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Rockies 12 .	Gonzalez hits 2 HRs before injury , Rockies beat Dodgers 12 - 2