Marlins - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Gordon tripled to deep center . Prado singled to center , Gordon scored . Yelich singled to center , Prado to third . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Prado scored , Yelich out at second , Stanton to second on throwing error by shortstop Descalso . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Cashner pitching for Marlins . Blackmon homered to right ( 428 feet ) . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . González singled to center . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , González out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Johnson doubled to right . Hechavarría flied out to center . Cashner walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cashner out at second , Johnson to third . Prado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Cashner pitching for Marlins . Dahl tripled to deep center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to shortstop , Dahl scored . Hundley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Yelich singled to center . Stanton lined out to right . Ozuna struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Cashner pitching for Marlins . Bettis struck out looking . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to third . Hechavarría reached on infield single to second . Cashner sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cashner pitching for Marlins . González flied out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Prado grounded out to second . Yelich grounded out to third . Stanton homered to left center ( 495 feet ) . Ozuna walked . Realmuto fouled out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cashner pitching for Marlins . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . Descalso singled to right center . Hundley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out looking . Hechavarría grounded out to third . Cashner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Adames hit for Bettis . Cashner pitching for Marlins . Adames singled to right . Blackmon tripled to deep right , Adames scored . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon scored . González doubled to right , LeMahieu scored . Arenado walked . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Dahl singled to right center , González scored , Arenado to second . Reynolds struck out looking . Descalso struck out looking . Hundley singled to center , Arenado scored , Dahl to third . Adames walked , Hundley to second . Blackmon singled to center , Dahl and Hundley scored , Adames to third . Ogando pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu walked , Blackmon to second . González struck out looking . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Gordon grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to second . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Marlins . Arenado grounded out to third . Dahl singled to center . Reynolds singled to left , Dahl to second . Descalso doubled to deep left , Dahl and Reynolds scored . Hundley struck out swinging . Raburn hit for McGee . Raburn singled to center , Descalso scored . Blackmon singled to center , Raburn to second . LeMahieu walked , Raburn to third , Blackmon to second . González grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Dahl in right field . Raburn in left field . Suzuki hit for Stanton . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Ozuna lined out to shortstop . Realmuto doubled to deep right , Suzuki to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Rojas hit for Hechavarría . Rojas walked . Dietrich hit for Ogando . Dietrich hit by pitch , Suzuki scored , Realmuto to third , Rojas to second . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Gordon walked , Realmuto scored , Rojas to third , Dietrich to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gordon out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Suzuki in right field . Rojas at shortstop . Dietrich at third base . Arenado struck out swinging . Dahl struck out swinging , Dahl safe at first on wild pitch by McGowan . Reynolds singled to center , Dahl to second . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second , Dahl to third . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Yelich walked . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher , Yelich to second . Ozuna grounded out to second , Yelich to third . Realmuto doubled to right , Yelich scored . Johnson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Rockies 12 .	Suzuki misses in 1st try at 3,000 hits , Rockies top Marlins