Marlins - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Gordon reached on infield single to second . Prado singled to left , Gordon to second . Yelich doubled to deep left center , Gordon and Prado scored . Stanton struck out swinging . Dietrich singled to left , Yelich to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Dietrich stole second . Mathis singled to right , Yelich and Dietrich scored . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Blackmon fouled out to third . LeMahieu walked . Dahl grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Conley walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Conley out at second . Prado singled to right , Gordon to second . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Prado out at second , Gordon to third . Stanton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Arenado walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Dietrich popped out to third . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Adames singled to center . Wolters walked , Adames to second . Gray sacrificed to pitcher , Adames to third , Wolters to second . Blackmon singled to right , Adames scored , Wolters to third , Blackmon to second advancing on throw . LeMahieu lined out to shortstop . Dahl grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Hechavarría singled to right . Conley sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Gordon reached on infield single to second , Hechavarría to third . Prado doubled to deep right center , Hechavarría and Gordon scored . Yelich lined out to left . Stanton homered to right ( 371 ) , Prado scored . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Dietrich singled to left . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Arenado homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Reynolds singled to left . Parra singled to right , Reynolds to third . Adames grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds scored , Parra out at second . Adames to second on wild pitch by Conley . Wolters lined out to left . Rusin bunt grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Mathis singled to deep center . Hechavarría grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mathis out at second . Conley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu walked . Dahl singled to left center , LeMahieu to second . Arenado homered to left center ( 457 feet ) , LeMahieu and Dahl scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Gordon struck out swinging . Rojas hit for Prado . Rojas safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Yelich reached on infield single to second , Rojas to second . Rojas picked off second . Stanton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Rojas at third base . Cervenka pitching for Marlins . Adames struck out swinging . Wolters grounded out to second . Rusin lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Dietrich flied out to left . Suzuki tripled to deep right . Mathis singled to center , Suzuki scored . Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher , Mathis to second . Germen pitching for Rockies . Ozuna hit for Cervenka . Ozuna struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Blackmon popped out to second . LeMahieu singled to right . Dahl struck out looking . Arenado doubled to deep left , LeMahieu scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Gordon lined out to right . Rojas safe at first on error by pitcher Logan . Yelich doubled to deep center , Rojas scored . Stanton intentionally walked . Johnson hit for Dietrich . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Stanton out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Johnson at first base . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Parra grounded out to first . Adames grounded out to shortstop . Wolters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Suzuki walked . Mathis struck out swinging . Hechavarría struck out looking . Realmuto hit for Barraclough . Realmuto singled to left , Suzuki to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . Descalso hit for McGee . Descalso grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 10 - Rockies 7 .	Ichiro Suzuki gets 3,000th career hit , Marlins beat Rockies