Rockies - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher , Blackmon to second on throwing error by pitcher Pérez . LeMahieu singled to right , Blackmon scored . Arenado flied out to center . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu safe at second on error by second baseman Odor . Dahl grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Reynolds out at second , LeMahieu to third . Raburn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Choo struck out swinging . Desmond popped out to second . Beltrán singled to left . Beltré walked , Beltrán to second . Odor walked , Beltrán to third , Beltré to second . Lucroy fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Parra struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to third . Adames grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Profar reached on infield single to shortstop . Andrus lined out to center . DeShields reached on bunt single to first , Profar to second . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , DeShields out at second , Profar to third . Desmond singled to left , Profar scored , Choo to second . Beltrán grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu walked , Blackmon to second . Arenado grounded into double play , to first , LeMahieu out at second , Blackmon to third . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Beltré flied out to center . Odor grounded out to first . Lucroy walked . Profar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Dahl grounded out to second . Raburn walked . Parra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Raburn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Andrus singled to center . DeShields flied out to right . Choo singled to left , Andrus to second . Andrus stole third , Choo stole second . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , Andrus scored , Choo to third . Beltrán grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Adames struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Beltré grounded out to third . Odor popped out to shortstop . Lucroy homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Profar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Arenado flied out to center . Reynolds grounded out to third . Dahl safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Raburn walked , Dahl to second . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Andrus popped out to shortstop . Moreland hit for DeShields . Moreland walked . Choo struck out looking , Moreland stole second . Desmond walked . Beltrán lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Profar in left field . Moreland at first base . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Hundley struck out swinging . Adames grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Beltré flied out to left . Odor doubled to deep left center . Lucroy popped out to second . Odor to third on wild pitch by Estevez . Profar popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Stubbs in left field . Kela pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu lined out to right . Arenado walked . Reynolds singled to left , Arenado to second . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Dahl tripled to right , Arenado and Reynolds scored . Raburn hit sacrifice fly to left , Dahl scored . Parra struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Andrus struck out swinging . Moreland safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds . Choo hit by pitch , Moreland to second . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Desmond grounded out to first , Moreland to third , Choo to second . Beltrán intentionally walked . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Beltré singled to left center , Moreland and Choo scored , Beltrán to second . Beltrán to third , Beltré to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Odor grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Descalso hit for Adames . Descalso struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Rangers 5 .	Beltre leads another Rangers rally over Rockies in 5 - 4 win