Rockies - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu lined out to left . Arenado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Hernández tripled to deep right center . Herrera singled to left , Hernández scored . Herrera stole second . Altherr struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . Howard grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Dahl struck out swinging , Dahl safe at first on wild pitch by Thompson . Parra singled to right , Dahl to third . Hundley safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Howard , Dahl scored , Parra to second . Paulsen struck out swinging . Descalso struck out looking . Gray struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Rupp reached on infield single to third . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rupp out at second . Bourjos doubled to right , Galvis to third , Galvis scored , Bourjos to third on throwing error by right fielder Parra . Thompson grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos scored on Gray 's wild pitch . Hernández walked . Hernández stole second . Herrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Blackmon homered to right center ( 444 feet ) . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Arenado flied out to right . Dahl struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Altherr flied out to center . Franco struck out swinging . Howard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Parra lined out to right . Hundley flied out to center . Paulsen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Rupp struck out swinging . Galvis walked . Bourjos walked , Galvis to second . Thompson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bourjos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Descalso walked . Gray sacrificed to first , Descalso to second . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu walked , Descalso to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to right , Descalso scored , Blackmon to third , LeMahieu to second . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Hernández struck out swinging . Herrera walked . Altherr singled to center , Herrera to second . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Herrera to third , Altherr to second . Howard homered to right center ( 462 feet ) , Herrera , Altherr and Franco scored . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Rupp struck out looking . Galvis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Araujo pitching for Phillies . Parra fouled out to third . Hundley singled to left . Paulsen flied out to center . Descalso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Carasiti pitching for Rockies . Descalso at first base . Adames at shortstop . Bourjos flied out to left . Featherston hit for Araujo . Featherston lined out to center . Hernández singled to center . Herrera safe at first on error by first baseman Descalso , Hernández to third . Altherr singled to right , Hernández scored , Herrera to second . Franco struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Adames struck out swinging . Blackmon homered to left center ( 374 feet ) . LeMahieu singled to right center . Arenado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Carasiti pitching for Rockies . Howard singled to left . Rupp singled to right , Howard to second . Galvis walked , Howard to third , Rupp to second . Bourjos grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Howard scored , Galvis out at second , Rupp to third . Paredes hit for Ramos . Paredes struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Dahl struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . Hundley singled to center . Raburn hit for Carasiti . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Hernández grounded out to third . Herrera walked . Altherr grounded out to third , Herrera to second . Franco safe at first on error by shortstop Adames , Herrera to third . Howard singled to right , Herrera scored , Franco to second . Rupp struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Descalso grounded out to shortstop . Adames struck out swinging . Blackmon homered to right ( 371 feet ) . LeMahieu homered to left ( 355 feet ) . Arenado popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Phillies 10 .	Howard 's grand slam , 5 RBIs leads Phillies over Rockies