Royals - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Twins . Getz grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to second . Butler lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Span walked . Carroll singled to left , Span to second . Mauer reached on infield single to first , Span scored , Carroll to second . Willingham tripled to deep right center , Carroll and Mauer scored . Morneau struck out swinging . Valencia singled to left , Willingham scored . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valencia out at second . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Casilla grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Twins . Hosmer grounded out to second . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Pena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Span flied out to left . Carroll popped out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Twins . Escobar struck out swinging . Dyson flied out to right . Getz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Willingham doubled to deep center . Morneau popped out to shortstop . Valencia tripled to left center , Willingham scored . Doumit hit sacrifice fly to center , Valencia scored . Plouffe walked . Adcock pitching for Royals . Casilla popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Twins . Gordon doubled to deep right center . Butler singled to left , Gordon to third . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon scored , Butler out at second . Francoeur singled to right , Hosmer to third . Moustakas singled to center , Hosmer scored , Francoeur thrown out at third . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Span lined out to first . Carroll walked . Mauer grounded into double play , second to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Twins . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Getz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Morneau struck out looking . Valencia singled to left , Willingham to second . Doumit lined out to second . Plouffe safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas , Willingham to third , Valencia to second . Casilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Twins . Gordon flied out to center . Butler singled to center . Hosmer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Span singled to left . Span caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Burton pitching for Twins . Francoeur grounded out to third . Moustakas hit by pitch . Pena walked , Moustakas to second . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Willingham grounded out to third . Morneau doubled to deep right . Valencia struck out looking . Doumit doubled to deep right center , Morneau scored . Plouffe struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Dyson bunt popped out to pitcher . Getz walked . Gordon grounded out to first , Getz to second . Butler singled to left , Getz to third . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Casilla grounded out to second . Span grounded out to shortstop . Carroll walked . Mauer walked , Carroll to second . Willingham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Thomas in right field . Capps pitching for Twins . Francoeur walked . Moustakas lined out to left . Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Capps . Pena struck out looking . Escobar singled to right , Francoeur scored . Escobar stole second . Dyson reached on infield single to second , Escobar to third . Betancourt hit for Getz . Dyson stole second . Betancourt lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Twins 7 .	Twins back in win column behind Willingham    \n\n