Blue Jays - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Twins . Johnson singled to right . Escobar walked , Johnson to second . Johnson to third , Escobar to second on wild pitch by Marquis . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion walked . Thames hit sacrifice fly to left , Johnson scored . Lawrie singled to left , Escobar scored , Encarnacion to second . Rasmus grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Span reached on infield single to second . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Span out at second . Mauer walked . Willingham popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Twins . Lind grounded out to first . Arencibia flied out to right . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Doumit grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe grounded out to third . Komatsu reached on bunt single to pitcher , Komatsu to second on throwing error by pitcher Alvarez . E Komatsu out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Twins . Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher . Bautista hit by pitch , Escobar to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar scored , Bautista out at second . Thames struck out looking , Encarnacion stole second . Lawrie singled to center , Encarnacion scored . Lawrie to third on passed ball by Doumit . Rasmus hit ground rule double to left , Lawrie scored . Lind grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Mastroianni grounded out to catcher . Casilla singled to left . Span walked , Casilla to second . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Span out at second , Casilla to third , Casilla scored , Dozier to second on throwing error by second baseman Johnson . Mauer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Twins . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to second . Escobar singled to center . Bautista walked , Escobar to second . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third , Escobar scored , Bautista to third . Thames grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Willingham walked . Doumit grounded out to third , Willingham to second . Plouffe singled to left , Willingham to third . Komatsu grounded into double play , second to first , Plouffe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus singled to center . Lind flied out to center . Arencibia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Mastroianni flied out to right . Casilla struck out swinging . Span flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to right . Escobar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Dozier singled to center . Mauer grounded into double play , second to first , Dozier out at second . Willingham homered to left ( 358 feet ) . Doumit flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Thames struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Plouffe struck out swinging . Komatsu singled to center . Mastroianni flied out to right . Casilla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Rasmus walked . Lind struck out looking . Arencibia struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Span grounded out to shortstop . Dozier struck out looking . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Gray pitching for Twins . Escobar singled to center . Escobar to second on wild pitch by Gray . Bautista popped out to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Willingham struck out swinging . Doumit flied out to center . Plouffe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Twins 2 .	Alvarez 's seven strong pace Jays ' rout of Twins