Blue Jays - Top 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Johnson flied out to right . Escobar grounded out to second . Bautista safe at first on error by third baseman Plouffe . Encarnacion singled to center , Bautista to third . Encarnacion stole second . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Span flied out to left . Dozier grounded out to third . Mauer doubled to deep left . Willingham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus grounded out to first . Arencibia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Doumit singled to center . Plouffe grounded into double play , second to first , Doumit out at second . Komatsu walked . Butera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop . Johnson flied out to right . Davis stole second . Escobar struck out swinging . Davis stole third . Bautista lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Carroll singled to center . Span grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . Dozier homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Mauer walked . Willingham grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Encarnacion doubled to left . Francisco lined into double play , shortstop to second , Encarnacion doubled off second . Lawrie singled to left . Lawrie stole second . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Doumit grounded out to third . Plouffe walked . Komatsu singled to right , Plouffe to third . Butera bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Plouffe out at home , Komatsu to second . Carroll flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Span singled to center . Dozier singled to left , Span to second . Mauer walked , Span to third , Dozier to second . Willingham walked , Span scored , Dozier to third , Mauer to second . Doumit singled to center , Dozier and Mauer scored , Willingham to second . Plouffe grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Doumit out at second , Willingham to third . Komatsu grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Bautista singled to center . Encarnacion struck out looking . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Butera grounded out to third . Carroll singled to left . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Carroll stole second . Span walked . Dozier flied out to left . Carroll to third , Span to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Mauer walked . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Span out at third , Mauer to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus flied out to center . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Doumit grounded out to first . Plouffe doubled to left , Plouffe to third on throwing error by left fielder Davis . Komatsu popped out to shortstop . Butera walked . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Burton pitching for Twins . Davis singled to center . Johnson singled to center , Davis to third . Escobar singled to center , Davis scored , Johnson to second . Bautista fouled out to first . Encarnacion singled to right , Johnson to third , Escobar to second . Thames hit for Francisco . Perkins pitching for Twins . Thames grounded out to first , Johnson scored , Escobar to third , Encarnacion to second . Escobar scored , Encarnacion to third on wild pitch by Perkins . Lawrie grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Span grounded out to shortstop . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Twins . Rasmus fouled out to third . Arencibia singled to right . Mathis ran for Arencibia . Lind hit for Davis . Lind fouled out to left , Mathis to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Twins 4 .	Twins nip Jays , finally hit double - digit wins