Twins - Top 1st . Sale pitching for White Sox . Span grounded out to second . Mastroianni bunt popped out foul to catcher . Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . De Aza singled to right . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , De Aza safe at third on error by second baseman Carroll . Dunn singled to center , De Aza scored , Beckham to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Rios grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Morneau struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to third . Dozier lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Pierzynski flied out to left . Viciedo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Dozier . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Viciedo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Sale pitching for White Sox . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . Carroll grounded out to second . Span grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hudson singled to right center . De Aza grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hudson out at second . Beckham grounded out to third , De Aza to second . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Mastroianni safe at first on error by second baseman Beckham . Mauer walked , Mastroianni to second . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second , Mastroianni to third . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Konerko singled to right . Rios homered to left ( 355 feet ) , Konerko scored . Pierzynski singled to right center . Viciedo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pierzynski out at second . Ramirez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Doumit struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to third . Plouffe singled to right . Carroll popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hudson struck out looking . De Aza singled to left center . Beckham lined out to right . Dunn lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Span struck out swinging . Mastroianni walked . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mastroianni out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Konerko singled to center . Rios safe at first on error by right fielder Mastroianni , Konerko to second . Pierzynski doubled to deep right , Konerko scored , Rios to third . Viciedo grounded out to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Hudson grounded out to second , Rios scored , Pierzynski to third , Ramirez to second . De Aza struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau grounded out to first . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Beckham grounded out to third . Dunn struck out swinging . Konerko homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Crain pitching for White Sox . Dozier singled to right . Plouffe popped out to shortstop . Carroll singled to center , Dozier to second . Span grounded out to pitcher , Dozier to third , Carroll to second . Casilla hit for Mastroianni . Casilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Casilla at second base . Plouffe in right field . Carroll at third base . Liriano pitching for Twins . Pierzynski walked . Viciedo struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to left . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Mauer walked . Willingham walked , Mauer to second . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willingham out at second , Mauer to third . Doumit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 0 - White Sox 6 .	Sale tosses 7 sharp innings , leads White Sox