Tigers - Top 1st . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Berry walked . Dirks struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Berry out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Span doubled to deep right center . Revere singled to center . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Revere out at second , Span to third . Willingham walked , Mauer to second . Morneau popped out to shortstop . Dozier doubled to deep left , Span and Mauer scored , Willingham to third . Plouffe flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Fielder singled to left . Young singled to center , Fielder to second . Boesch doubled to deep right center , Fielder scored , Young to third . Peralta fouled out to first . Avila doubled to deep right center , Young and Boesch scored . Raburn struck out looking . Berry singled to left , Avila scored , Berry out stretching at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Casilla grounded out to second . Carroll walked . Span singled to left , Carroll to second . Revere grounded out to first , Carroll to third , Span to second . Mauer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Dirks singled to center . Cabrera flied out to right . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dirks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Willingham grounded out to first . Morneau struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Young struck out swinging . Boesch doubled to deep right . Peralta flied out to right . Avila hit ground rule double to deep left , Boesch scored . Raburn singled to center , Avila scored . Liriano pitching for Twins . Berry struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Plouffe doubled to deep center . Casilla grounded out to shortstop , Plouffe to third . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to center , Plouffe scored . Span grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Dirks grounded out to second . Cabrera walked . Cabrera stole second . Fielder doubled to deep right , Cabrera scored . Young flied out to right . Boesch popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Revere struck out swinging . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . Willingham grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Avila struck out looking . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Morneau singled to right . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Morneau safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Villarreal . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dozier out at second , Morneau to third . Casilla hit sacrifice fly to left , Morneau scored . Carroll singled to center , Plouffe scored , Carroll to second advancing on throw . Coke pitching for Tigers . Span grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Berry reached on bunt single to first . Dirks struck out swinging . Berry stole second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Fielder singled to center , Berry scored , Cabrera to second . Young doubled to deep right , Cabrera scored , Fielder to third . Boesch singled to left , Fielder scored . Gray pitching for Twins . Peralta flied out to right . Young to third on wild pitch by Gray . Avila struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Santiago at second base . Raburn in right field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Revere struck out swinging . Mauer singled to right . Willingham doubled to deep left , Mauer to third . Morneau grounded out to first , Mauer scored , Willingham to third . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Dozier flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Raburn flied out to right . Berry struck out looking . Dirks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . Casilla struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Plouffe at third base . Mastroianni in left field . Capps pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to right center . Fielder grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Young singled to left center . Santiago flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Span doubled to deep left . Revere grounded out to third . Mauer struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 10 - Twins 6 .	Fielder 's 3 hits ignite struggling Tigers offense