Orioles - Top 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to center . Hardy walked , Markakis to second . Jones lined out to right . Wieters grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hardy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Span flied out to center . Revere doubled to deep center . Mauer singled to center , Revere scored . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau doubled to left , Mauer to third . Plouffe walked . Doumit safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds , Mauer and Morneau scored , Plouffe to third . Dozier singled to left , Plouffe scored , Doumit to second . Carroll walked , Doumit to third , Dozier to second . Span doubled to deep right center , Doumit , Dozier and Carroll scored . Socolovich pitching for Orioles . Revere grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Reynolds doubled to deep left . Pearce grounded out to third . Davis struck out looking . Betemit singled to right , Reynolds scored . Tolleson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Socolovich pitching for Orioles . Mauer homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Willingham reached on infield single to third . Morneau flied out to center . Plouffe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Willingham out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Markakis flied out to center . Hardy flied out to right . Jones doubled to center . Wieters reached on infield single to third , Jones to third . Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones scored , Wieters to second . Pearce flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Socolovich pitching for Orioles . Doumit popped out to third . Dozier flied out to center . Carroll walked . Span walked , Carroll to second . Carroll to third , Span to second on balk by Socolovich . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll and Span scored . Mauer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Davis struck out swinging . Betemit grounded out to second . Tolleson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Willingham walked . Morneau singled to right , Willingham to third . Plouffe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham scored , Morneau out at second . Doumit flied out to center . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to center . Hardy flied out to right . Jones reached on bunt single to third , Markakis to second . Wieters popped out to second . Reynolds homered to left center ( 425 feet ) , Markakis and Jones scored . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Carroll grounded out to third . Span singled to right . Span caught stealing second , catcher to second . Revere reached on infield single to second . Revere stole second . Mauer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Davis struck out looking . Betemit grounded out to third . Tolleson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Willingham singled to center . Morneau doubled to deep center , Willingham scored . Plouffe singled to right , Morneau to third . Doumit hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored , Plouffe to second . Dozier flied out to left , Plouffe to third . Carroll singled to center , Plouffe scored . Span grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Markakis singled to left . Hardy flied out to center . Jones singled to left center , Markakis to second . Wieters popped out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Mauer grounded out to first . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Pearce struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to first . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Flaherty at second base . Chavez in center field . Teagarden catching . Tolleson at shortstop . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Morneau reached on infield single to third . Plouffe doubled to deep right , Morneau to third . Doumit grounded out to first , Morneau scored , Plouffe to third . Dozier hit by pitch . Carroll singled to right , Plouffe scored , Dozier to third , Carroll to second advancing on throw . Span doubled to right , Dozier and Carroll scored . Lindstrom pitching for Orioles . Revere singled to center , Span scored . Butera hit for Mauer . Butera grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Revere out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Butera catching . Mastroianni in left field . Capps pitching for Twins . Tolleson doubled to deep left center . Markakis flied out to center . Chavez homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Tolleson scored . Flaherty struck out swinging . Teagarden grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Twins 19 .	Twins halt 5 - game losing skid by walloping O 's