Rays - Top 1st . De Vries pitching for Twins . Jennings doubled to deep left . Upton flied out to right , Jennings to third . Joyce homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Jennings scored . Longoria lined out to left . Zobrist flied out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Span grounded out to first . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Mauer doubled to right . Willingham singled to center , Mauer scored . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . De Vries pitching for Twins . Pena singled to right . Keppinger doubled to deep left , Pena to third . Roberts safe at first on error by third baseman Carroll , Pena scored , Keppinger to third . Molina singled to right center , Keppinger scored , Roberts to second . Jennings doubled to deep left , Roberts scored , Molina to third . Upton struck out swinging . Joyce doubled to deep right center , Molina and Jennings scored . Manship pitching for Twins . Longoria singled to center , Joyce scored . Zobrist grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Longoria out at second . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Doumit grounded out to pitcher . Casilla struck out looking . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Manship pitching for Twins . Pena grounded out to shortstop . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Carroll walked . Span singled to left , Carroll to second . Revere grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second , Carroll to third . Mauer singled to left center , Carroll scored . Willingham struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Manship pitching for Twins . Molina grounded out to third . Jennings struck out swinging . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Morneau grounded out to first . Doumit homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Casilla grounded out to second . Dozier flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Manship pitching for Twins . Joyce grounded out to first . Longoria grounded out to shortstop . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Carroll walked . Span popped out to second . Revere singled to left , Carroll to second . Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop , Revere out at second , Carroll to third . Willingham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Manship pitching for Twins . Pena flied out to center . Keppinger singled to center . Roberts doubled to left , Keppinger to third . Molina singled to left , Keppinger and Roberts scored . Jennings walked , Molina to second . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Upton doubled to deep left , Molina and Jennings scored . Joyce walked . Longoria walked , Upton to third , Joyce to second . Rodriguez ran for Longoria . Zobrist grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Upton out at home . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Fuld in center field . Zobrist at second base . Johnson at shortstop . Roberts at third base . Howell pitching for Rays . Morneau walked . Doumit flied out to center . Casilla struck out swinging . Dozier singled to left , Morneau to second . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Pena flied out to left . Fuld grounded out to first . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . McGee pitching for Rays . Span lined out to shortstop . Revere grounded out to pitcher . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Butera catching . Mastroianni in left field . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Jennings singled to right center . Johnson struck out swinging . Joyce grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Badenhop pitching for Rays . Mastroianni reached on infield single to second . Morneau singled to center , Mastroianni to second . Doumit flied out to center , Mastroianni to third . Casilla singled to center , Mastroianni scored , Morneau to third . Dozier hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored . Carroll grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Gray pitching for Twins . Rodriguez walked . Zobrist grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . Pena hit by pitch . Fuld flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez at second base . Badenhop pitching for Rays . Span tripled to deep right . Revere grounded out to shortstop , Span scored . Butera grounded out to third . Mastroianni lined out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 12 - Twins 6 .	Rays keep pace in AL playoff race , beat Twins