Tigers - Top 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Jackson walked . Infante reached on infield single to second , Jackson to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to catcher , Jackson to third , Infante to second . Peralta singled to center , Jackson and Infante scored . Young flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Revere singled to left . Mastroianni sacrificed to pitcher , Revere to second . Mauer grounded out to first , Revere to third . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Baker fouled out to first . Dirks reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird tripled to deep right , Dirks scored . Jackson doubled to deep right center , Laird scored . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Infante out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Morneau flied out to center . Doumit flied out to left . Plouffe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Fielder struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to first . Young doubled to deep center . Baker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Carroll safe at first on error by second baseman Infante . Casilla grounded out to catcher , Carroll to second . Revere singled to left , Carroll to third . Mastroianni grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carroll scored , Revere safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Fielder . Mauer struck out swinging . Willingham homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Revere and Mastroianni scored . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Dirks flied out to right . Laird grounded out to pitcher . Jackson walked . Infante lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Doumit doubled to left . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . Carroll struck out swinging . Casilla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Fielder flied out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Revere grounded out to second . Mastroianni grounded out to shortstop . Mauer walked . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Baker flied out to left . Dirks homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Morneau struck out looking . Doumit grounded out to pitcher . Plouffe popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Fien pitching for Twins . Infante tripled to deep center . Cabrera singled to right , Infante scored . Fielder grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Carroll struck out swinging . Casilla walked . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Casilla out at second . Mastroianni grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Young singled to left center . Berry hit for Baker . Berry sacrificed to pitcher , Young to second . Dirks intentionally walked . Burnett pitching for Twins . Laird singled to right , Young thrown out at home , Dirks to second . Jackson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Berry in left field . Dirks in right field . Fister pitching for Tigers . Mauer grounded out to second . Willingham struck out swinging . Morneau doubled to deep center . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Infante safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Infante scored . Fielder intentionally walked . Peralta flied out to right , Cabrera to third . Young safe at second on error by shortstop Carroll , Cabrera scored , Fielder to third . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Berry grounded out to shortstop . Dirks intentionally walked . Laird flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Plouffe struck out looking . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Casilla singled to right . Casilla to second on fielder 's indifference . Revere grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Twins 4 .	Cabrera first to 100 RBIs , Tigers top Twins