Twins - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Revere fouled out to third . Mastroianni singled to center . Mauer singled to right , Mastroianni to third . Willingham doubled to deep right center , Mastroianni scored , Mauer to third . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mauer out at home , Willingham to third . Doumit hit by pitch . Plouffe walked , Willingham scored , Morneau to third , Doumit to second . Carroll fouled out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Crisp flied out to right . Gomes struck out swinging . Reddick fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Florimon singled to center . Florimon stole second . Revere struck out looking . Mastroianni singled to left , Florimon scored . Mastroianni stole second . Mastroianni safe at third on throwing error by catcher Norris . Mauer grounded out to second . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop , Mastroianni scored . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Cespedes reached on infield single to third . Carter flied out to left . Cespedes stole second . Donaldson doubled to deep right , Cespedes scored . Norris singled to left , Donaldson to third . Rosales struck out swinging . Weeks grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Doumit lined out to center . Plouffe struck out swinging . Carroll popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Crisp safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Florimon . Crisp stole second . Crisp safe at third on error by second baseman Carroll . Gomes fouled out to first . Reddick grounded out to first , Crisp scored . Cespedes grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Florimon singled to deep right . Revere singled to center , Florimon to second . Mastroianni sacrificed to pitcher , Florimon to third , Revere to second . Mauer singled to right , Florimon and Revere scored . Willingham singled to center , Mauer to second . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Willingham out at second , Mauer to third . Doumit flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Carter struck out looking . Donaldson struck out swinging . Norris singled to center . Rosales singled to right , Norris to third . Weeks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Plouffe grounded out to shortstop . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Florimon walked . Revere grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . Gomes struck out swinging . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Mastroianni flied out to center . Mauer lined out to shortstop . Willingham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Cespedes flied out to center . Carter struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Norris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Morneau grounded out to first . Doumit grounded out to third . Plouffe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Fien pitching for Twins . Rosales popped out to shortstop . Weeks fouled out to left . Crisp flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Carroll grounded out to third . Florimon singled to right . Revere singled to right , Florimon to third . Mastroianni hit sacrifice fly to right , Florimon scored . Mauer singled to left , Revere to second . Willingham struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Fien pitching for Twins . Gomes lined out to shortstop . Reddick struck out swinging . Cespedes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Blackley pitching for Athletics . Morneau singled to left . Doumit flied into double play , center to shortstop to first , Morneau doubled off first . Plouffe singled to right . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Carter flied out to right . Donaldson flied out to right . Norris walked . Rosales singled to left , Norris to third . Weeks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Athletics 2 .	Twins rebound , halt Athletics ' win streak