Twins - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Revere flied out to left . Carroll grounded out to second . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . De Aza struck out swinging . Youkilis reached on infield single to third . Dunn doubled to deep right , Youkilis to third . Konerko grounded out to shortstop , Youkilis scored , Dunn to third . Rios singled to right , Dunn scored . Viciedo doubled to left , Rios scored . Ramirez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Willingham singled to center . Morneau singled to third , Willingham to second . Doumit struck out swinging . Parmelee walked , Willingham to third , Morneau to second . Plouffe walked , Willingham scored , Morneau to third , Parmelee to second . Escobar singled to center , Morneau and Parmelee scored , Plouffe to second . Revere singled to right center , Plouffe scored , Escobar to third . Carroll singled to left , Escobar scored , Revere to second . Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Mauer singled to right , Revere scored , Carroll to third . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center , Carroll scored . Morneau singled to right , Mauer to third . Doumit flied out to left . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . Beckham lined out to center . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Parmelee grounded out to first . Plouffe flied out to left . Escobar fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Youkilis grounded out to shortstop . Dunn struck out looking . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Mauer walked . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Rios grounded out to third . Viciedo doubled to deep center . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Viciedo scored . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . Beckham walked . De Aza grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox . Morneau walked . Doumit singled to deep right , Morneau to third . Septimo pitching for White Sox . Parmelee grounded out to third , Morneau scored , Doumit to second . Humber pitching for White Sox . Plouffe tripled to deep right , Doumit scored . Escobar singled to right , Plouffe scored . Revere singled to right , Escobar to third . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Mauer walked , Revere to second . Willingham singled to right center , Revere scored , Mauer to third . Morneau walked , Willingham to second . Doumit singled to left , Mauer and Willingham scored , Morneau to second . Parmelee homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Morneau and Doumit scored . Plouffe singled to left center . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Escobar flied out to left . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hudson hit for Youkilis . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hudson struck out swinging . Gimenez hit for Dunn . Gimenez singled to center . Lopez hit for Konerko . Lopez grounded out to first , Gimenez to second . Johnson hit for Rios . Johnson walked . Wise hit for Viciedo . Wise grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Hudson at second base . Lopez at third base . Johnson at first base . Wise in left field . Olmedo at shortstop . Jor Danks in right field . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Revere struck out looking . Carroll struck out swinging . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Olmedo struck out looking . Flowers flied out to right . Jor Danks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Carson hit for Willingham . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Carson grounded out to third . Mastroianni hit for Morneau . Mastroianni struck out looking . Doumit homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Parmelee struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Butera catching . Mastroianni in right field . Parmelee at first base . Swarzak pitching for Twins . De Aza flied out to left . Hudson lined out to shortstop . Gimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Omogrosso pitching for White Sox . Plouffe popped out to third . Escobar walked . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Escobar out at second . Casilla hit for Carroll . Casilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Casilla at second base . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Lopez struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to right . Wise doubled to deep right , Johnson scored . Olmedo doubled to deep right , Wise scored . Olmedo to third on wild pitch by Swarzak . Flowers doubled to deep left center , Olmedo scored . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Jor Danks struck out looking . De Aza doubled to deep right , Flowers scored . Hudson flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Gimenez in left field . Wise pitching for White Sox . Wise pitching for White Sox . Butera singled to right . Carson walked , Butera to second . Mastroianni grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carson out at second , Butera to third . Doumit flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Gimenez grounded out to third . Lopez walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second . Wise doubled to deep center , Johnson scored . Olmedo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 18 - White Sox 9 .	Twins crush White with Sox 18 runs