Royals - Top 1st . Diamond pitching for Twins . Cain doubled to left . Escobar bunt popped out to pitcher . Gordon grounded out to first , Cain to third . Butler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Smith pitching for Royals . Revere reached on infield single to second . Carroll singled to left , Revere to second . Willingham struck out looking . Carroll caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop , Revere to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Morneau struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Perez singled to center . Perez to second on wild pitch by Diamond , Perez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Doumit . Moustakas struck out swinging . Francoeur singled to left , Perez scored . Hosmer singled to left center , Francoeur to second . Giavotella struck out swinging . Cain tripled to left , Francoeur and Hosmer scored . Escobar lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Smith pitching for Royals . Doumit struck out swinging . Plouffe flied out to right . Mastroianni reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Diamond pitching for Twins . Gordon tripled to deep right center . Butler lined out to second . Perez hit sacrifice fly to left , Gordon scored . Moustakas grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Smith pitching for Royals . Florimon struck out swinging . Revere singled to left . Carroll grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Revere out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Francoeur walked . Hosmer grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Francoeur out at second . Giavotella doubled to deep center . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Smith pitching for Royals . Willingham singled to left . Morneau walked , Willingham to second . Doumit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second , Willingham to third . Plouffe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to second . Butler walked . Perez singled to center , Butler to third . Moustakas walked , Perez to second . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Smith pitching for Royals . Mastroianni walked . Escobar walked , Mastroianni to second . Florimon struck out swinging . Mastroianni caught stealing third , catcher to third . Revere grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Diamond pitching for Twins . Hosmer lined out to center . Giavotella grounded out to shortstop . Cain singled to left . Escobar doubled to center , Cain to third . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Royals . Carroll struck out looking . Willingham popped out to shortstop . Morneau singled to right . Doumit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Butler singled to right . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butler out at second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Perez out at second . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Royals . Plouffe popped out to second . Mastroianni singled to center . Escobar grounded out to catcher , Mastroianni to second . Florimon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Hosmer doubled to deep center . Giavotella singled to center , Hosmer scored . Cain hit by pitch , Giavotella to second . Burnett pitching for Twins . Escobar tripled to left , Giavotella and Cain scored . Gordon grounded out to second . Escobar scored on Burnett 's wild pitch . Butler grounded out to third . Perez lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Crow pitching for Royals . Revere grounded out to second . Carroll walked . Willingham fouled out to first . Morneau singled to left , Carroll to second . Doumit singled to center , Carroll scored , Morneau to third , Doumit to second on error by center fielder Cain . Plouffe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Moustakas grounded out to third . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer homered to left ( 355 feet ) . Giavotella singled to center . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giavotella out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Mastroianni struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center . Florimon lined out to first . Revere singled to center , Escobar to third . Revere to second on fielder 's indifference . Carroll flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Twins 1 .	Royals beat Twins for just 6th time in 16 games