Twins - Top 1st . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Span flied out to center . Revere singled to center . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Revere out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Davis popped out to second . Escobar popped out to first . Lawrie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Parmelee flied out to center . Plouffe flied out to left . Carson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Lind flied out to left . Arencibia struck out looking . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Herrmann grounded out to first . Casilla grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Hechavarria doubled to left . Sierra grounded out to shortstop , Hechavarria to third . Gose walked . Davis singled to center , Hechavarria scored , Gose to third . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Span doubled to deep left center . Revere grounded out to catcher . Mauer walked . Parmelee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Lawrie walked . Lind grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Lawrie out at second . Arencibia singled to center . Johnson homered to right center ( 420 feet ) , Arencibia scored . Hechavarria lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Plouffe grounded out to third . Carson singled to left . Herrmann struck out looking . Casilla grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Sierra grounded out to third . Gose walked . Davis grounded out to shortstop , Gose to third . Escobar singled to left , Gose scored , Escobar out stretching at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar singled to center . Span homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Escobar scored . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Revere reached on infield single to shortstop . Mauer struck out looking . Revere caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Parmelee grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Waldrop pitching for Twins . Lawrie reached on infield single to third , Lawrie to second on throwing error by third baseman Plouffe . Lind walked . Arencibia flied out to center . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lind out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Plouffe doubled to left . Carson grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann grounded out to second , Plouffe to third . Casilla doubled to deep right , Plouffe scored . Escobar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Waldrop pitching for Twins . Hechavarria grounded out to second . Sierra grounded out to second . Gose grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Span flied out to left . Revere singled to center . Mauer flied out to center . Revere caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Parmelee batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Perdomo pitching for Twins . Davis lined out to pitcher . Escobar walked . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Escobar out at second . Robertson pitching for Twins . Lind safe at first on error by pitcher Robertson , Lawrie to second . Fien pitching for Twins . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Parmelee struck out looking . Plouffe popped out to second . Carson singled to center . Mastroianni ran for Carson . Herrmann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Blue Jays 4 .	Jenkins earns 1st career win as Jays top Twins