Mariners - Top 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Suzuki singled to right. Winn singled to right center, Suzuki to second. Suzuki caught stealing third, catcher to third, Winn to second on runner's fielder's choice. Boone grounded out to third. Martinez homered to left, Winn scored. Ibanez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Eckstein singled to left, Eckstein out stretching at second. Erstad walked. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Erstad out at second. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Aurilia singled to left. Olerud flied out to right. Wilson struck out swinging. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Guillen lined out to second. Salmon grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Suzuki flied out to right. Winn walked. Boone singled to right, Winn to second. Martinez walked, Winn to third, Boone to second. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to right, Winn scored, Boone to third. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Halter walked. Eckstein flied out to center. Halter stole second. Erstad reached on infield single to second, Halter to third. Erstad stole second. Guerrero walked. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Olerud singled to left. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Olerud out at second. Bloomquist singled to right, Wilson tagged out at third. Suzuki reached on bunt single to catcher, Bloomquist to third. Winn doubled to left, Bloomquist scored, Suzuki to third. Boone grounded out to third. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Salmon doubled to deep right center. Kennedy flied out to center. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Martinez struck out looking. Ibanez flied out to center. Aurilia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Halter fouled out to first. Eckstein grounded out to second. Erstad singled to left. Guerrero homered to left center, Erstad scored. Anderson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Olerud grounded out to first. Wilson grounded out to third. Bloomquist safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Halter. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Guillen flied out to left. Salmon struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to right. Kennedy stole second. Molina homered to left, Kennedy scored. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Halter singled to right. Shields pitching for Angels. Eckstein struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Winn grounded out to second. Boone doubled to right. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Ibanez intentionally walked. Aurilia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Erstad singled to right. Myers pitching for Mariners. Guerrero singled to left, Erstad to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Anderson flied out to right, Erstad to third. Guillen doubled to deep left, Erstad and Guerrero scored. Salmon grounded out to third, Guillen scored. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Davanon in right field. Kennedy struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Olerud doubled to deep center. Hansen hit for Bloomquist. Wilson walked. Hansen struck out looking. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second, Olerud to third, Suzuki to first, Olerud scored, Suzuki to second on throwing error by second baseman Kennedy. Hansen at third base. Villone pitching for Mariners. Winn popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Molina flied out to center. Halter grounded out to third. Percival pitching for Angels. Eckstein popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Boone popped out to second. Martinez grounded out to third. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Angels 7.	Newcomers help Angels rally against Mariners