Angels - Top 1st. Figgins singled to left. Erstad reached on bunt single to third, Figgins to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Erstad out at second, Figgins to third. Glaus homered to left, Figgins scored. Salmon fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Sanchez flied out to left. Vina singled to left. Guillen doubled to left, Vina to third. White doubled to deep right center, Vina and Guillen scored. Higginson struck out looking. Pena struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Guillen grounded out to third. Molina struck out looking. Halter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Munson struck out swinging. Inge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Kennedy popped out to second. Figgins popped out to second. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez singled to left center. Vina singled to shallow right, Sanchez to third. Guillen walked, Vina to second. White hit by pitch, Sanchez scored, Vina to third, Guillen to second. Higginson doubled to deep center, Vina and Guillen scored, White to third. Pena hit sacrifice fly to left, White scored, Higginson to third. Monroe singled to center, Higginson scored. Munson struck out swinging. Inge struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Guerrero flied out to center. Glaus popped out to second. Salmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Sanchez lined out to second. Vina grounded out to second. Guillen walked. Guillen to second on passed ball by Molina. White walked. Higginson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Guillen grounded out to third. Molina singled to center. Halter grounded out to second, Molina to second. Sele pitching for Angels. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Pena singled to left center. Pena stole second, Pena safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Monroe grounded out to third. Munson struck out swinging. Inge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Figgins singled to center. Erstad struck out swinging, Figgins stole second. Guerrero grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Glaus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Sanchez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vina grounded out to third. Guillen singled to center. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Salmon walked. Guillen singled to left, Salmon to second. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guillen out at second, Salmon to third. Weber pitching for Angels. Halter popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Higginson singled to left. Pena struck out swinging. Monroe singled to deep left center, Higginson to third. Munson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Higginson out at home, Monroe to second. Inge singled to left, Monroe scored, Munson to second. Sanchez singled to shallow center, Munson scored, Inge to third. Walker pitching for Tigers. Vina flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kennedy singled to left. Figgins grounded out to second, Kennedy to second. Erstad struck out swinging. Amezaga at shortstop. Davanon in right field. Halter at first base. Guerrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Guillen walked. White grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guillen to second. Higginson singled to right, Guillen to third, White to second. Pena walked, Guillen scored, White to third, Higginson to second. Gregg pitching for Angels. Gregg pitching for Angels. Gregg pitching for Angels. Monroe grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, White out at home, Higginson to third, Pena to second. Infante at second base. Shelton at first base. Urbina pitching for Tigers. Munson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Glaus flied out to left. Salmon flied out to center. Guillen singled to center. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 2 - Tigers 10.	Maroth, Tigers clinch first winning April since '93