Angels - Top 1st. Figgins bunt grounded out to pitcher. Davanon walked. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to right, Davanon out at second. Guillen homered to center, Guerrero scored. Kotchman grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Jeter flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Molina flied out to right. Halter struck out swinging. Amezaga bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Posada walked. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posada out at second. Flaherty catching. Williams popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Kennedy lined out to shortstop. Figgins singled to right. Davanon walked, Figgins to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. Guillen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Lofton reached on infield single to first. Jeter doubled to right, Lofton to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to left, Lofton scored. Giambi struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Kotchman grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to third. Halter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Sheffield grounded out to pitcher. Flaherty safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Halter. Matsui struck out swinging. Flaherty caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Amezaga flied out to center. Kennedy homered to right. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Davanon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Williams doubled to right. Cairo sacrificed to pitcher, Williams to third. Lofton hit sacrifice fly to center, Williams scored. Jeter singled to left. Rodriguez lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Guerrero struck out swinging. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. Kotchman singled to right, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Giambi singled to left center. Sheffield struck out swinging. Flaherty lined out to right. Matsui fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Molina grounded out to third. Halter bunt grounded out to pitcher. Weber pitching for Angels. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Williams flied out to left. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Lofton lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kennedy flied out to center. Figgins doubled to right. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Davanon doubled to deep left, Figgins scored. Guerrero intentionally walked. Davanon stole third, Guerrero stole second. Guillen intentionally walked. Kotchman doubled to deep center, Davanon, Guerrero and Guillen scored. Molina grounded out to third. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Halter singled to right, Kotchman scored, Halter to second advancing on throw. Shields pitching for Angels. Amezaga grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Jeter struck out looking. Rodriguez safe at first on error by pitcher Shields. Giambi flied out to left. Sheffield singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Flaherty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Kennedy singled to center. Figgins flied out to right. Davanon struck out looking, Kennedy stole second. Guerrero singled to center, Kennedy scored. Guillen doubled to deep center, Guerrero to third. Kotchman safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi, Guerrero and Guillen scored. Quinlan in right field. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Molina struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Matsui grounded out to first. Williams safe at first on error by left fielder Davanon. Cairo grounded out to shortstop, Williams to second. Lofton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Angels 11 - Yankees 2.	Posada breaks nose; Yanks routed by Angels