Athletics - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Byrnes flied out to left. McLemore flied out to center. Kotsay singled to left. Dye flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Figgins flied out to left. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Durazo lined out to pitcher. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Guillen grounded out to third. Erstad walked. Davanon flied out to left. Molina fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Miller lined out to right. Scutaro flied out to left. Byrnes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Kennedy struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to center. Figgins walked. Guerrero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. McLemore singled to left center. Kotsay flied out to left. Dye grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McLemore out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Erstad flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hatteberg grounded out to first. Durazo doubled to deep right. Crosby doubled to left center, Durazo to third. Miller struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to left, Durazo and Crosby scored. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Scutaro out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Davanon struck out swinging. Molina singled to right center. Kennedy singled to right, Molina to second. Eckstein doubled to deep right, Molina and Kennedy scored. Figgins grounded out to shortstop, Eckstein to third. Guerrero reached on infield single to second, Eckstein scored. Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Harden. Anderson doubled to deep center, Guerrero scored. Guillen fouled out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. McLemore struck out looking. Kotsay grounded out to second. Dye struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Erstad singled to right. Davanon struck out swinging. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Molina doubled to deep center, Erstad scored. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kennedy struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Hatteberg flied out to left. Durazo singled to right. Crosby popped out to shortstop. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Durazo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. Guerrero homered to center. Anderson flied out to center. Guillen singled to left. Erstad flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Scutaro flied out to center. Byrnes singled to center. McLemore flied out to left. Kotsay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Davanon doubled to deep right. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davanon out at third. Kennedy walked, Molina to second. Eckstein walked, Molina to third, Kennedy to second. Figgins struck out swinging. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Guerrero doubled to deep left, Molina and Kennedy scored, Eckstein to third. Anderson intentionally walked. Guillen singled to left, Eckstein and Guerrero scored, Anderson to second. Figgins in right field. Amezaga at third base. Quinlan at first base. Shields pitching for Angels. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Dye grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg singled to left center. Hatteberg to second on wild pitch by Shields. Castro hit for Crosby. Durazo singled to right, Hatteberg to third. Castro safe at first on error by third baseman Amezaga, Hatteberg scored, Durazo to second. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Angels 10.	Vladdie, Angels hot again versus slumping A's