Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein singled to right. Figgins struck out swinging. Eckstein stole second. Guerrero flied out to left. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Byrnes walked. Kielty singled to left, Byrnes to second. Hatteberg lined out to left. Dye walked, Byrnes to third, Kielty to second. Crosby grounded into double play, second to first, Dye out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Davanon grounded out to second. Quinlan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Karros singled to right center. Miller grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Karros out at second. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Molina grounded out to second. Kennedy doubled to left. Eckstein flied out to center. Figgins walked. Guerrero lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. German grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes popped out to second. Kielty homered to left. Hatteberg grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Anderson grounded out to second. Guillen hit by pitch. Davanon grounded out to second, Guillen to second. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Dye grounded out to third. Crosby homered to center. Karros grounded out to shortstop. Miller flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Molina grounded out to second. Kennedy singled to left, Kennedy out stretching at second. Eckstein grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Scutaro lined out to shortstop. German grounded out to second. Byrnes singled to left. Kielty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Figgins singled to center. Guerrero singled to left, Figgins to second. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Anderson flied out to left. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Figgins out at third, Guerrero to second, Guillen to first. Davanon walked, Guerrero to third, Guillen to second. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guillen out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hatteberg reached on bunt single to third. Dye homered to left, Hatteberg scored. Crosby struck out swinging. Karros reached on infield single to third, Karros to second on throwing error by third baseman Figgins. Gregg pitching for Angels. Miller homered to center, Karros scored. Scutaro lined out to right. German singled to shallow right. Byrnes singled to center, German to second. Kielty struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Molina homered to left center. Kennedy singled to center. Eckstein singled to right, Kennedy to second. Figgins walked, Kennedy to third, Eckstein to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy scored, Figgins out at second, Eckstein to third. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Anderson singled to right, Eckstein scored, Guerrero to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Davanon walked, Anderson to second. Quinlan struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hatteberg flied out to left. Dye popped out to first. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy singled to right. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second. Figgins singled to left, Eckstein to second. Percival pitching for Angels. Durazo hit for Karros. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Durazo grounded out to second. Miller homered to left. McLemore hit for German. Scutaro popped out to third. McLemore at third base. Dotel pitching for Athletics. McLemore grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Anderson singled to right. Guillen walked, Anderson to second. Davanon struck out swinging. Molina hit for Molina. Quinlan fouled out to first. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Athletics 7.	A's, bash brothers for a day, sweep Angels