Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein singled to center. Figgins singled to right, Eckstein to third. Anderson singled to left, Eckstein scored, Figgins to second. Figgins to third, Anderson to second on passed ball by Zaun. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop, Figgins scored, Anderson to third. Guillen singled to left, Anderson scored. Erstad singled to right, Guillen to second. Davanon grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Guillen to third, Erstad safe at second on error by shortstop Woodward. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davanon out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to second. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Kennedy singled to right. Kennedy stole second. Eckstein sacrificed to third, Kennedy to third. Figgins popped out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Delgado singled to shallow right. Zaun doubled to deep right center, Delgado to third. Rios tripled to right, Delgado and Zaun scored. Phelps safe at first on error by pitcher Colon, Rios scored. Clark flied out to right. Woodward struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Guerrero struck out swinging. Guillen singled to left. Erstad singled to left, Guillen to second, Guillen thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Davanon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hudson flied out to center. Hinske popped out to second. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy singled to right. Eckstein singled to center, Kennedy to third. Figgins popped out to second. Anderson walked, Eckstein to second. Guerrero singled to center, Kennedy and Eckstein scored, Anderson to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Zaun popped out to shortstop. Rios flied out to center. Phelps grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Erstad struck out looking. Davanon grounded out to second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Clark popped out to first. Woodward popped out to first. Johnson singled to center. Johnson picked off first. Hudson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Kennedy grounded out to second. Eckstein singled to left. Eckstein caught stealing second, catcher to second. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Hudson struck out swinging. Hinske homered to right. Delgado popped out to shortstop. Adams pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Anderson struck out looking. Guerrero grounded out to third. Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher, Guillen to second on throwing error by pitcher Adams. Erstad walked. Davanon reached on infield single to first, Guillen to third, Erstad to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Rios flied out to right. Phelps struck out looking. Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays. Clark flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Kennedy doubled to right. Eckstein sacrificed to catcher, Kennedy to third. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kennedy out at home. Figgins to second on wild pitch by Ligtenberg. Anderson walked. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Guerrero singled to left, Figgins to third, Anderson to second, Figgins thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Woodward fouled out to first. Johnson struck out swinging. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Guillen hit by pitch. Erstad grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. Percival pitching for Angels. Davanon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Hinske fouled out to catcher. Delgado struck out swinging. Berg ran for Zaun. Zaun walked. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Blue Jays 4.	Guerrero drives in three as Angels nip Blue Jays