Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein grounded out to second. Figgins struck out swinging. Guerrero singled to left. Anderson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. DeJesus singled to right. Randa reached on infield single to third, DeJesus to second. Sweeney walked, DeJesus to third, Randa to second. Harvey grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJesus scored, Sweeney out at second, Randa to third. Nunez lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Guillen lined out to second. Erstad grounded out to third. Quinlan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Brown homered to center. Berroa reached on infield single to third. Buck grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berroa out at second. Gotay flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Molina struck out swinging. Kennedy singled to center. Eckstein grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. DeJesus flied out to left. Randa singled to left. Sweeney flied out to left. Harvey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Figgins flied out to center. Guerrero flied out to center. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Nunez grounded out to first. Brown struck out looking. Berroa bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Guillen flied out to left. Erstad doubled to deep center. Quinlan popped out to shortstop. Molina walked. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Buck struck out swinging. Gotay walked. DeJesus flied out to left. Gotay caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first. Randa batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Eckstein singled to right. Figgins reached on bunt single to second, Eckstein to second. Guerrero flied out to center. Anderson flied out to center, Eckstein to third. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Randa flied out to right. Sweeney grounded out to third. Harvey singled to center. Nunez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Erstad reached on infield single to second. Quinlan reached on infield single to shortstop, Erstad to third, Quinlan to second on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Molina grounded out to second, Erstad scored, Quinlan to third. Kennedy struck out swinging. Eckstein popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Brown grounded out to second. Berroa popped out to second. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Buck fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Figgins walked. Guerrero lined out to left. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Figgins out at second. Guillen singled to left, Anderson to second. Gregg pitching for Angels. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Gotay doubled to left. DeJesus sacrificed to pitcher, Gotay to third. Randa struck out swinging. Sweeney intentionally walked. Gotay scored, Sweeney to second on balk by Gregg. Cerda pitching for Royals. Harvey grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Salmon hit for Molina. Quinlan singled to left. Amezaga ran for Salmon. Paul hit for Kennedy. Salmon singled to right, Quinlan to second. Paul bunt popped out foul to catcher. Quinlan to third, Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Cerda. Eckstein walked. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Figgins singled to right, Quinlan scored, Amezaga to third, Eckstein to second. Amezaga scored, Eckstein to third, Figgins to second on wild pitch by Sullivan. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eckstein and Figgins scored, Guerrero safe at second on error by second baseman Gotay. Anderson intentionally walked. Amezaga at second base. Paul catching. Percival pitching for Angels. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Anderson out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 9th. Nunez fouled out to third. Mateo struck out swinging. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Royals 3.	Ninth life: Angels rally in final frame to beat K.C.