Royals - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. DeJesus singled to center. Relaford walked, DeJesus to second. Randa struck out looking. Stairs walked, DeJesus to third, Relaford to second. Nunez struck out swinging. Pickering tripled to deep right, DeJesus, Relaford and Stairs scored. Guiel struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Serrano pitching for Royals. Eckstein doubled to right. Erstad singled to center, Eckstein to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to left, Eckstein scored. Anderson singled to right, Erstad to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second, Erstad to third. Davanon struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Berroa hit ground rule double to deep left center. Buck sacrificed to third, Berroa to third. DeJesus grounded out to first. Relaford singled to center, Berroa scored. Relaford caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Randa batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Serrano pitching for Royals. Molina flied out to right. Kennedy singled to right center. Figgins walked, Kennedy to second. Eckstein flied out to left, Kennedy to third. Erstad struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Randa struck out swinging. Stairs flied out to center. Nunez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Serrano pitching for Royals. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guerrero out at second. Guillen homered to left center, Anderson scored. Davanon doubled to deep right. Molina struck out looking. Kennedy singled to center, Davanon scored, Kennedy to second advancing on throw. Figgins flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Pickering struck out looking. Guiel grounded out to first. Berroa singled to left. Berroa caught stealing second, catcher to second. Buck batting. Reyes pitching for Royals. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Eckstein singled to left center. Erstad reached on bunt single to third, Eckstein to second. Guerrero flied out to right. Anderson flied out to center, Eckstein to third. Guillen walked, Erstad to second. Davanon lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Buck homered to center. DeJesus bunt popped out to first. Relaford singled to left. Relaford stole second. Randa flied out to center, Relaford to third. Stairs grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Molina safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Relaford. Kennedy singled to center, Molina to second. Molina to third, Kennedy to second on passed ball by Buck. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to third. Molina scored, Kennedy to third, Figgins to second on wild pitch by Reyes. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop, Kennedy scored, Figgins to third. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Figgins out at home, Erstad to second. Guerrero intentionally walked. Shields pitching for Angels. Anderson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Shields pitching for Angels. Nunez singled to center. Pickering grounded out to pitcher, Nunez to second. Guiel grounded out to shortstop, Nunez to third. Berroa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Royals. Guillen reached on infield single to first. Davanon walked, Guillen to second. Molina singled to center, Guillen to third, Davanon to second. Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left, Guillen scored. Figgins struck out looking. Eckstein flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Shields pitching for Angels. Buck reached on infield single to third. DeJesus struck out looking. Relaford struck out looking. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Randa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Erstad grounded out to second. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson fouled out to first. Guerrero to second on wild pitch by Carrasco. Guillen hit by pitch. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Davanon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Stairs walked. Nunez struck out swinging. Pickering grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Molina hit by pitch. Kennedy singled to right, Molina to second. Figgins grounded out to first, Molina to third, Kennedy to second. Cerda pitching for Royals. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at home. Percival pitching for Angels. Erstad fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Guiel struck out swinging. Berroa flied out to right. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Angels 7.	Angels extend win streak to seven