White Sox - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Harris struck out looking. Rowand popped out to first. Lee walked. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Garland pitching for White Sox. Figgins singled to left. Figgins stole second. Erstad grounded out to second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Figgins out at home, Guerrero to second. Anderson fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Gload doubled to deep center. Uribe flied out to right, Gload to third. Perez singled to right, Gload scored. Perez stole second. Davis singled to left, Perez to third. Crede grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Glaus flied out to center. Guillen grounded out to third. Kennedy doubled to deep left center. Kennedy stole third. Molina walked. Amezaga popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Harris popped out to third. Rowand doubled to deep right. Rowand to third on wild pitch by Lackey. Lee singled to right, Rowand scored advancing on play. Lee out stretching at second. Konerko walked. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Garland pitching for White Sox. Figgins struck out swinging. Erstad walked. Guerrero singled to right, Erstad to third. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad scored, Guerrero out at second. Glaus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Uribe doubled to deep center. Perez sacrificed to third, Uribe to third. Davis struck out swinging. Crede flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Guillen singled to left. Kennedy flied out to right. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Harris grounded out to first. Rowand singled to left. Rowand caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lee doubled to deep center. Konerko walked. Gload flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Amezaga struck out swinging. Figgins walked. Erstad flied out to center. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Figgins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Uribe struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Garland pitching for White Sox. Anderson lined out to right. Glaus grounded out to catcher. Guillen reached on infield single to third. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Kennedy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Crede struck out swinging. Harris fouled out to catcher. Rowand popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. McPherson ran for Molina. Eckstein hit for Amezaga. Garland pitching for White Sox. Molina walked. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Eckstein sacrificed to first, McPherson to second. Figgins walked. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Erstad singled to center, McPherson scored, Figgins to third. Guerrero homered to left, Figgins and Erstad scored. Anderson singled to center. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. Guillen singled to right, Glaus to second. Munoz pitching for White Sox. DaVanon ran for Guillen. Galarraga hit for McPherson. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Kotchman hit for Galarraga. Kennedy walked, Glaus to third, DaVanon to second. DaVanon in left field. Molina catching. Eckstein at shortstop. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Kotchman struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Lee safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy. Konerko singled to right, Lee to second. Gload hit ground rule double to deep right, Lee scored, Konerko to third. Uribe popped out to shortstop. Perez singled to left, Konerko and Gload scored, Perez to second advancing on throw. Davis grounded out to second. Crede grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 8th. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Marte pitching for White Sox. Figgins sacrificed to first, Eckstein to second. Erstad grounded out to second, Eckstein to third. Guerrero intentionally walked. Guerrero to second on fielder's indifference. Anderson singled to left, Eckstein and Guerrero scored. Percival pitching for Angels. Glaus popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Percival pitching for Angels. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Rowand singled to center. Lee struck out looking. Konerko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Angels 7.	ANAHEIM 7, CHI WHITE SOX 5