Angels - Top 1st. Figgins grounded out to third. Erstad lined out to third. Guerrero singled to center. Glaus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Kotsay flied out to right. Byrnes fouled out to first. Chavez singled to left, Chavez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Anderson reached on infield single to first. Riggs doubled to deep left center, Anderson to third. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to second, Anderson scored, Riggs to third. Molina singled to center, Riggs scored, Eckstein to third. Amezaga grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein scored, Molina out at second. Figgins tripled to deep right center. Erstad reached on bunt single to pitcher, Figgins scored. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Erstad out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hatteberg lined out to left. Dye grounded out to third. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Crosby struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Glaus lined out to left. Anderson grounded out to second. Riggs fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Scutaro flied out to right. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Melhuse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Eckstein doubled to center. Molina lined out to right. Amezaga lined into double play, third to second, Eckstein doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Kotsay struck out swinging. Byrnes singled to center. Chavez grounded out to third, Byrnes to second. Hatteberg flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Figgins lined out to left. Erstad struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. DaVanon in left field. Dye struck out swinging. Crosby fouled out to first. Scutaro safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins. Swisher singled to right, Scutaro to second. Melhuse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Glaus struck out swinging. Anderson singled to right center. DaVanon walked, Anderson to second. Eckstein singled to right, Anderson to third, DaVanon to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Anderson out at home, DaVanon to third, Eckstein to second. Amezaga homered to right, DaVanon, Eckstein and Molina scored. Hammond pitching for Athletics. Figgins walked. Erstad singled to right, Figgins to third. Guerrero flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Kotsay lined out to center. Byrnes lined out to right. Chavez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Glaus walked. Anderson struck out swinging. DaVanon walked, Glaus to second. Lehr pitching for Athletics. Eckstein walked, Glaus to third, DaVanon to second. Molina grounded out to third, Glaus scored, DaVanon to third, Eckstein to second. Amezaga grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hatteberg struck out looking. Dye flied out to center. McMillon at first base. Crosby flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Figgins singled to left center. Erstad lined out to left. Kotchman at first base. Pride in left field. DaVanon in center field. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Figgins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Scutaro grounded out to second. Rose hit for Melhuse. Swisher struck out swinging. Kielty in left field. Byrnes in center field. Rose catching. Galarraga hit for Glaus. Rose struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Galarraga homered to left. Pride struck out swinging, Pride safe at first on wild pitch by Lehr. Halter hit for Eckstein. DaVanon walked, Pride to second. Halter singled to right, Pride to third, DaVanon to second. Molina lined into double play, to third, Pride doubled off third. Figgins in center field. McPherson at third base. DaVanon in right field. Halter at second base. Amezaga at shortstop. Ortiz pitching for Angels. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Halter out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Kielty doubled to deep right center. Byrnes struck out swinging. German hit for Chavez. German flied out to center. McMillon hit by pitch. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Athletics 0.	Angels romp, just one win away from AL West crown