Cubs - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Rockies. Almora Jr. reached on infield single to shortstop. Báez homered to right (410 feet), Almora Jr. scored. Bryant struck out swinging. Rizzo lined out to left. Contreras lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. LeMahieu singled to right. Iannetta grounded out to second, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon singled to right, LeMahieu scored. Arenado homered to right (387 feet), Blackmon scored. Parra struck out swinging. Story hit by pitch. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Schwarber walked. Russell flied out to right. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schwarber out at second. Hendricks grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. McMahon grounded out to second. Gray doubled to right. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Iannetta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Rockies. Almora Jr. singled to right. Báez singled to left, Almora Jr. to second. Almora Jr. to third, Báez to second on wild pitch by Gray. Bryant walked. Rizzo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Almora Jr. scored, Bryant out at second, Báez to third. Contreras flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado lined out to center. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Schwarber singled to left. Russell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schwarber out at second. Russell picked off first. Heyward walked. Hendricks grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Story struck out looking. Desmond struck out swinging. McMahon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Almora Jr. lined out to left. Báez doubled to left center. Bryant grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Báez to third. Rizzo grounded out to second, Báez scored, Bryant to second. Contreras safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arenado, Bryant scored. Contreras to second on wild pitch by Gray. Contreras safe at third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta. Schwarber flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Gray singled to center. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gray out at second. Iannetta flied out to right. Blackmon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Rockies. Russell singled to right. Heyward tripled to center, Russell scored. La Stella hit for Hendricks. Shaw pitching for Rockies. La Stella walked. Almora Jr. singled to right, Heyward scored, La Stella to second. La Stella to third, Almora Jr. to second on wild pitch by Shaw. Báez singled to left, La Stella and Almora Jr. scored. Bryant doubled to deep center, Báez to third. Rizzo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Báez out at home, Bryant to third, Rizzo to second. Contreras struck out swinging. Schwarber homered to center (425 feet), Bryant and Rizzo scored. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Russell flied out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Arenado singled to right. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Arenado out at second. Story grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Heyward grounded out to first. Montgomery struck out swinging. Almora Jr. grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. McMahon singled to left center. Valaika hit for Oberg. Valaika doubled to left, McMahon to third. LeMahieu grounded out to third, McMahon scored. Iannetta grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Báez flied out to center. Bryant grounded out to shortstop. Rizzo walked. Contreras doubled to deep right center, Rizzo scored. Schwarber singled to center, Contreras scored. Russell singled to shallow center, Schwarber to third. Heyward reached on infield single to third, Schwarber scored, Russell to second. Montgomery struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Montgomery pitching for Cubs. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado singled to left. Parra singled to left, Arenado to second. Arenado out at third on runner's fielder's choice, Parra to second on runner's fielder's choice. Story walked. Desmond grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Tauchman in center field. Senzatela pitching for Rockies. Almora Jr. doubled to right. Báez grounded out to shortstop, Almora Jr. to third. Bryant reached on infield single to third, Almora Jr. scored. Rizzo grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Bryant out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Cubs. McMahon doubled to deep left center. Wolters hit for Senzatela. Wolters walked. McMahon to third, Wolters to second on wild pitch by Wilson. LeMahieu walked. Iannetta grounded into double play, third to first, McMahon scored, Wolters out at third, LeMahieu to second. Tauchman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 16 - Rockies 5.	Baez, Schwarber homer, Cubs beat Rockies 16-5