Dodgers - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Furcal grounded out to first. Pierre grounded out to second. Garciaparra flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Taveras grounded out to first. Carroll grounded out to third. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kent singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Kent to third. Martin hit sacrifice fly to right, Kent scored. Ethier singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Betemit singled to right, Gonzalez to third, Ethier to second. Hendrickson grounded out to shortstop, Gonzalez scored, Ethier to third, Betemit to second. Furcal popped out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Holliday flied out to center. Baker flied out to right. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Pierre singled to left. Garciaparra grounded out to third, Pierre to second. Kent walked. Gonzalez walked, Pierre to third, Kent to second. Martin struck out swinging. Ethier walked, Pierre scored, Kent to third, Gonzalez to second. Betemit safe at first on error by first baseman Baker, Kent and Gonzalez scored, Ethier to third. Hendrickson grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki singled to center. Iannetta struck out swinging. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Tulowitzki to second. Taveras bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Pierre grounded out to second. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Carroll walked. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. Holliday singled to deep left. Baker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kent reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to left. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe singled to right. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Ethier struck out swinging. Betemit walked. Hendrickson struck out swinging. Finley hit for Cook. Furcal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Finley bunt grounded out to pitcher. Taveras reached on bunt single to third. Taveras to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Carroll struck out swinging. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Atkins singled to center, Taveras scored. Atkins to second on passed ball by Martin. Holliday walked. McClellan pitching for Rockies. Finley in center field. Baker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. McClellan pitching for Rockies. Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher. Garciaparra flied out to center. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Kent struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Hawpe flied out to left. Tulowitzki grounded out to first. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Ethier singled to right. Ethier caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Clark in left field. Betemit batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Barmes hit for McClellan. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Finley flied out to right. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Herges pitching for Rockies. Carroll flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Anderson hit for Beimel. Herges pitching for Rockies. Betemit struck out swinging. Anderson walked. Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop, Anderson to second. Pierre singled to right, Anderson scored, Furcal to third. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to second. Garciaparra walked. Kent doubled to deep right center, Furcal and Garciaparra scored. Valdez ran for Kent. Valdez at second base. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Clark struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Atkins struck out swinging. Holliday grounded out to second. Baker flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Rockies 1.	Hendrickson subs for Schmidt, dominates Rockies