Dodgers - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Pierre singled to center. Pierre picked off first. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Johnson flied out to left. Renteria flied out to right. Jones walked. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Kent flied out to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Francoeur struck out swinging. Thorman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Ethier flied out to left. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Harris singled to center. Hudson struck out bunting foul. Harris stole second. Johnson struck out swinging. Renteria walked. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Kent, Harris scored, Renteria to second. Jones grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Furcal reached on bunt single to shortstop. Pierre singled to shallow right, Furcal to second. Garciaparra singled to left, Furcal scored, Pierre to second. Kent flied out to center, Pierre to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre scored, Garciaparra out at second. Martin grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. McCann singled to right. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCann out at second. Thorman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Francoeur out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Ethier fouled out to left. Martinez popped out to third. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Harris doubled to center. Hudson struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Furcal singled to left. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Furcal out at second. Garciaparra flied out to center, Pierre to second on throwing error by center fielder Jones. Kent grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Jones grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to third. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Martin grounded out to pitcher. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Francoeur struck out swinging. Thorman grounded out to second. Harris grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Betemit hit for Lowe. Hudson pitching for Braves. Martinez struck out looking. Betemit homered to right. Furcal reached on infield single to second. Pierre grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Woodward hit for Hudson. Woodward grounded out to second. Johnson walked. Renteria singled to center, Johnson to third. Jones struck out swinging. Yates pitching for Braves. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Braves. Garciaparra popped out to first. Kent walked. Clark ran for Gonzalez. Gonzalez singled to left, Kent to second. Colyer pitching for Braves. Martin singled to left, Kent scored, Clark to second. Ethier singled to right, Clark scored, Martin to third. Saenz hit for Broxton. Martinez singled to left, Martin scored, Ethier to second. Paronto pitching for Braves. Valdez at second base. Clark in left field. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Saenz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. McCann popped out to shortstop. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Diaz hit for Harris. Thorman doubled to deep right. Wilson hit for Paronto. Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop, Thorman to third. Wilson walked, Diaz to second. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Johnson singled to right, Thorman and Diaz scored, Wilson to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson out at third, Johnson to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Braves 3.	Lowe outpitches Hudson as Dodgers top Braves