Cubs - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Soriano struck out swinging. DeRosa grounded out to third. Lee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Cubs. Furcal fouled out to first. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Garciaparra singled to left, Garciaparra to second on error by left fielder Soriano. Kent walked. Martin singled to center, Garciaparra scored, Kent to second. Gonzalez lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Floyd walked. Barrett struck out looking. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Floyd out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Cubs. Abreu flied out to center. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. Lowe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Izturis singled to center. Lilly struck out swinging. Soriano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to second. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher. Pierre caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Garciaparra walked. Kent homered to left, Garciaparra scored. Martin walked. Gonzalez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. DeRosa walked. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeRosa out at second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Cubs. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Ethier struck out swinging. Lowe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Floyd grounded out to second. Barrett singled to right. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Kent, Barrett to second. Izturis grounded out to second, Barrett to third, Jones to second. Lilly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Cubs. Furcal grounded out to third. Pierre singled to left center. Garciaparra walked, Pierre to second. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Kent doubled to deep left center, Pierre and Garciaparra scored. Martin lined out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Soriano singled to center. Soriano stole second. DeRosa flied out to center, Soriano to third. Lee hit ground rule double to left, Soriano scored. Ramirez flied out to right. Floyd walked. Barrett struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Marmol pitching for Cubs. Abreu doubled to deep right. Betemit hit for Lowe. Ethier grounded out to third, Abreu to third. Betemit walked. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Furcal grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Jones singled to right. Murton hit for Marmol. Izturis flied out to center. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers. Jones stole second. Murton walked. Soriano doubled to deep left, Jones and Murton scored, Soriano to third advancing on throw. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. DeRosa doubled to deep right center, Soriano scored. Lee doubled to deep center, DeRosa scored. Lee caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop. Ramirez singled to right. Floyd singled to right, Ramirez to third. Barrett singled to right, Ramirez scored, Floyd to second. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Jones doubled to left, Floyd scored, Barrett to third. Izturis safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Abreu, Barrett scored, Jones to third. Pagan in center field. Jones in right field. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Murton struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Wuertz pitching for Cubs. Pierre bunt grounded out to catcher. Garciaparra flied out to center. Kent flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Soriano singled to right. DeRosa lined out to left. Soriano caught stealing second, catcher to second. Howry pitching for Cubs. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Howry pitching for Cubs. Martin singled to right. Gonzalez singled to center, Martin to second. Ohman pitching for Cubs. Saenz hit for Ethier. Abreu singled to center, Martin to third, Gonzalez to second. Guzman pitching for Cubs. LaRoche hit for Seanez. Clark ran for Saenz. Saenz singled to center, Martin scored, Gonzalez to third, Abreu to second. Gonzalez scored, Abreu to third, Clark to second on wild pitch by Guzman. LaRoche walked. Furcal singled to left, Abreu scored, Clark to third, LaRoche to second. Pierre hit sacrifice fly to center, Clark scored. Clark in right field. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Garciaparra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Furcal out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Pagan struck out looking. Barrett flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 8 - Dodgers 9.	Dodgers blow 5-0 lead, but rally in 8th for win