Dodgers - Top 1st. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to center. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Furcal out at second. Gonzalez singled to center, Garciaparra to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Bautista grounded out to third. McLouth flied out to left. Sanchez doubled to left. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Ethier grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. LaRoche homered to right. Doumit lined out to center. Nady walked. Wilson singled to right, Nady to third. Gorzelanny grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Penny flied out to left. Furcal walked. Pierre flied out to left. Garciaparra flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Bautista struck out looking. McLouth flied out to left. Sanchez singled to left center. Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Penny. Bay reached on infield single to third, Sanchez to third. LaRoche singled to left, Sanchez scored, Bay to second. Doumit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez lined out to center. Martin grounded out to third. Ethier doubled to left. Abreu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Nady doubled to deep center. Wilson flied out to center, Nady to third. Gorzelanny grounded into fielder's choice to first, Nady scored. Bautista walked, Gorzelanny to second. McLouth fouled out to shortstop. Sanchez lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Martinez flied out to center. Penny grounded out to third. Furcal grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Bay homered to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. Nady grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Pierre bunt grounded out to pitcher. Garciaparra lined out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop. Gorzelanny bunted into double play, third to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates. Martin singled to center. Ethier struck out swinging. Saenz hit for Martinez. Abreu doubled to left, Martin to third. Kent hit for Penny. Saenz walked. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin scored, Saenz out at second, Abreu to third. Furcal singled to left, Abreu scored, Kent to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher, Kent to third, Furcal to second. Garciaparra reached on infield single to third, Kent scored, Furcal to third, Pierre to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garciaparra out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Kent at second base. McLouth grounded out to first. Sanchez flied out to right. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Martin singled to left. Ethier homered to center, Martin scored. Betemit hit for Billingsley. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Betemit hit for Billingsley. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Betemit walked, Abreu to second. Bayliss pitching for Pirates. Kent flied out to center. Clark in left field. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Furcal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. LaRoche flied out to center. Doumit struck out swinging. Nady struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bayliss pitching for Pirates. Pierre struck out swinging. Garciaparra flied out to center. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Clark popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Duffy hit for Bayliss. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Wilson struck out swinging. Duffy singled to left. Castillo hit for McLouth. Bautista flied out to center. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Duffy to second on wild pitch by Beimel. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Pirates 4.	Dodgers rally for win, but Saito leaves with injury