Braves - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Renteria fouled out to first. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Braves. Furcal singled to right. Furcal stole second. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Furcal to third. Loney singled to left center, Furcal scored. Kent grounded out to second, Loney to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Jones doubled to left. Francoeur grounded out to second, Jones to third. Diaz singled to left, Jones scored. McCann homered to right, Diaz scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Davies singled to deep center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davies out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Braves. Kemp doubled to left. Betemit homered to center, Kemp scored. Lieberthal singled to right. Wolf flied out to left. Furcal walked, Lieberthal to second. Pierre popped out to shortstop. Loney struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Renteria walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Renteria out at second. Jones walked, Jones to second. Francoeur doubled to deep left, Jones scored, Jones to third. Diaz intentionally walked. McCann walked, Jones scored, Francoeur to third, Diaz to second. Saltalamacchia hit sacrifice fly to center, Francoeur scored. Davies flied out to right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Braves. Kent singled to shallow center. Gonzalez walked, Kent to second. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Kemp grounded out to pitcher, Kent to third, Gonzalez to second. Betemit doubled to right, Kent and Gonzalez scored. Ethier hit for Wolf. Lieberthal singled to left, Betemit to third. Ethier singled to shallow right, Betemit scored, Lieberthal to second. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Furcal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Escobar struck out looking. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Loney struck out looking. Kent grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Jones grounded out to first. Francoeur flied out to right. Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop. McCann flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to right. Betemit safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Renteria. Lieberthal grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Johnson hit for Villarreal. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Johnson flied out to center. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Abreu hit for Houlton. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Dodgers. Renteria struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ledezma pitching for Braves. Loney grounded out to second. Kent doubled to deep right center. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Kent to third. Yates pitching for Braves. Kemp singled to center, Kent scored. Betemit singled to shallow left, Kemp to third. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Lieberthal flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Diaz walked. McCann grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Diaz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Garciaparra hit for Broxton. Garciaparra struck out looking. Furcal singled to shallow center. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Furcal out at second. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Martin catching. Loney batting. Saito pitching for Dodgers. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Harris hit for Soriano. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Harris grounded out to first. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Dodgers 7.	Betemit gets best of former team in Dodgers' win