Nationals - Top 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Logan struck out swinging. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Zimmerman flied out to right. Young doubled to deep center, Lopez scored. Kearns hit by pitch. Church hit by pitch, Young to third, Kearns to second. Belliard popped out to first. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Furcal flied out to center. Pierre flied out to left. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Schneider popped out to second. Bergmann struck out swinging. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Kent reached on infield single to pitcher, Kent to second on throwing error by pitcher Bergmann. Gonzalez flied out to center. Martin walked. Loney reached on infield single to shortstop, Kent to third, Martin to second. Hillenbrand singled to left, Kent and Martin scored, Loney to second. Billingsley sacrificed to pitcher, Loney to third, Hillenbrand to second. Furcal fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Lopez stole second. Young intentionally walked. Kearns grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Pierre bunt grounded out to third. Ethier struck out swinging. Kent homered to left. Gonzalez singled to center. Martin lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Church struck out looking. Belliard tripled to deep left center. Schneider hit sacrifice fly to left, Belliard scored. Bergmann struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Loney flied out to left. Hillenbrand singled to right. Billingsley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Logan reached on infield single to shortstop. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Logan out at second. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Furcal flied out to right. Pierre flied out to left. Ethier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Young singled to left. Kearns singled to right, Young to second. Church grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kearns out at second, Young to third. Belliard flied out to right. 0 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Kent flied out to left. Gonzalez lined out to center. Martin hit by pitch. Martin stole second. Loney popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Schneider lined out to third. Batista hit for Bergmann. Batista homered to right center. Logan flied out to right. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Jimenez at second base. Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop. Sweeney hit for Billingsley. Sweeney doubled to deep center. Furcal walked. King pitching for Nationals. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney to third, Furcal safe at second on error by shortstop Lopez. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to center, Sweeney scored, Furcal to third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Kent walked, Pierre to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ethier in left field. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Kemp in right field. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Young flied out to right. Kearns lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Martin doubled to deep right. Loney grounded out to second, Martin to third. Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher. Kemp walked. Martin caught stealing home, catcher to third to catcher to shortstop, Kemp to second on runner's fielder's choice. Furcal batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Church struck out swinging. Jimenez fouled out to catcher. Pena hit for Schneider. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Dodgers 4.	Dodgers edge Nationals to earn third straight win