Cubs - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to third . Womack singled to left . Womack caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Barrett doubled to left . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Eckstein singled to center . Luna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein out at second . Pujols struck out swinging . Luna caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rolen batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez walked . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . Murton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Rolen singled to left . Encarnacion flied out to center . Taguchi flied out to center . Molina singled to center , Rolen to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno singled to center . Marshall struck out swinging . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cedeno safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ponson . Womack lined into double play , to shortstop , Cedeno doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Ponson grounded out to third . Eckstein singled to center . Luna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Barrett singled to left . Walker batting . Ramirez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Pujols lined out to left . Rolen walked . Encarnacion struck out looking . Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop , Rolen to second . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Jones homered to right . Murton struck out swinging . Cedeno reached on infield single to third . Marshall grounded out to first , Cedeno to second . Pierre singled to center , Cedeno scored , Pierre to second advancing on throw . Womack flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Miles struck out swinging . Ponson struck out swinging . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Ponson pitching for Cardinals . Barrett singled to left . Walker flied out to left . Ramirez lined out to right . Jones singled to center , Barrett to second . Murton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Luna grounded out to pitcher . Pujols singled to center . Rolen singled to left , Pujols to second . Encarnacion flied out to center , Pujols to third . Taguchi singled to right , Pujols scored , Rolen to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno reached on bunt single to first . Marshall struck out swinging . Pierre reached on infield single to second , Cedeno to third . Cedeno caught stealing home , pitcher to first to third , Pierre to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Womack walked , Pierre to third on passed ball . Womack batting . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Barrett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Perez hit for Wainwright . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Miles grounded out to third . Perez hit by pitch . Eckstein struck out swinging . Luna doubled to deep left , Perez to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Rolen doubled to left , Perez and Luna scored , Pujols to third . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Walker flied out to right . Ramirez singled to center . Mabry hit for Murton . Jones singled to left , Ramirez to second . Mabry walked , Ramirez to third , Jones to second . Mabry in left field . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Cedeno grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mabry out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Williamson pitching for Cubs . Taguchi singled to right . Molina singled to left , Taguchi to third . Rodriguez hit for Looper . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Miles hit sacrifice fly to center , Taguchi scored . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez flied out to left . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Bynum hit for Novoa . Eckstein popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Bynum singled to center . Nevin hit for Womack . Pierre grounded out to second , Bynum to second . Perez ran for Nevin . Nevin walked . Barrett walked , Bynum to third , Perez to second . Walker safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen , Bynum and Perez scored , Barrett to second . Ramirez batting . Perez at second base . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Mabry in right field . Bynum in left field . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Luna grounded out to pitcher . Pujols struck out swinging . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 10th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Mabry singled to right . Cedeno flied out to center . Bynum grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mabry out at second . Bynum caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pierre batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 10th . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion flied out to center . Taguchi grounded out to second . Molina singled to left center . Bigbie hit for Thompson . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Miles singled to left center , Molina to second . Bigbie reached on infield single to third , Molina to third , Miles to second . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein lined out to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 11th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Pierre grounded out to second . Perez grounded out to pitcher . Barrett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 11th . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Luna grounded out to third . Pujols struck out looking . Rolen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 12th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Walker flied out to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Eyre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 12th . Eyre pitching for Cubs . Encarnacion singled to center . Taguchi struck out swinging . Molina singled to right , Encarnacion to third . Miles intentionally walked , Molina to second . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Hancock struck out looking . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miles out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 13th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Mabry grounded out to second . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . Bynum struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to center . Rolen flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 14th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Pierre doubled to deep left . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Pierre to third . Barrett intentionally walked . Walker grounded out to first , Pierre scored , Barrett to second . Ramirez intentionally walked . Dempster struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 14th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Taguchi batting . Bennett hit for Hancock . Miles singled to center . Bennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 5 - Cardinals 4 .	Walker 's RBI grounder lifts Cubs over Cards in 14