Cubs - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Pierre flied out to center . Perez doubled to deep left . Ramirez singled to left , Perez scored . Nevin flied out to left . Murton walked , Ramirez to second . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Sizemore walked . Hollandsworth walked , Sizemore to second . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hollandsworth out at second , Sizemore to third . Hafner reached on infield single to shortstop , Sizemore scored . Martinez singled to left , Hafner to second . Broussard flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Cedeno grounded out to second . Walker singled to center . Blanco flied out to right . Pierre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Belliard struck out swinging . Vazquez flied out to left . Gutierrez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Perez singled to center . Ramirez singled to right center , Perez to third . Nevin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez to second . Murton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez scored , Ramirez to third , Nevin to second . Jones singled to center , Ramirez scored , Nevin to third , Murton to second . Cedeno flied out to left . Walker walked , Nevin scored , Murton to third , Jones to second . Blanco singled to center , Murton scored , Jones to third , Walker to second . Mujica pitching for Indians . Pierre singled to left , Jones scored , Walker to third , Blanco to second . Perez doubled to right , Walker and Blanco scored , Pierre to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Pierre scored . Nevin struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Sizemore flied out to center . Hollandsworth flied out to left . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Murton singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Murton out at second . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez flied out to left . Broussard doubled to center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Walker fouled out to third . Blanco doubled to deep left . Pierre flied out to right . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Vazquez walked . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vazquez out at second . Sizemore singled to left , Gutierrez to second . Hollandsworth grounded out to first , Gutierrez to third , Sizemore to second . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Ramirez grounded out to second . Nevin struck out looking . Murton doubled to deep center . Jones flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Hafner singled to right . Martinez grounded out to second , Hafner to second . Broussard doubled to deep left , Hafner scored . Belliard grounded out to first , Broussard to third . Inglett at second base . Vazquez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop , Cedeno to second on throwing error by shortstop Peralta . Walker grounded out to first , Cedeno to third . Blanco struck out looking . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Pierre flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Gutierrez popped out to shortstop . Sizemore flied out to left . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Indians 2 .	Cubs use eight - run third to beat Indians in seven