Cubs - Top 1st . Santos pitching for Pirates . Pierre lined out to left . Theriot singled to center . Ramirez singled to center , Theriot to third . Nevin reached on infield single to third , Theriot scored , Ramirez to second . Jones reached on infield single to first , Ramirez to third , Nevin to second . Barrett fouled out to catcher . Murton singled to left , Ramirez and Nevin scored , Jones to second . Cedeno struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Duffy reached on infield single to shortstop , Duffy to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Bautista singled to center , Duffy scored . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bautista out at second . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez out at second . Burnitz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Mateo struck out swinging . Pierre flied out to left . Theriot singled to right center . Theriot stole second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Nady flied out to center . Doumit grounded out to first . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Santos pitching for Pirates . Nevin lined out to first . Jones singled to right center . Barrett popped into double play , second to first , Jones doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Santos doubled to right . Santos to third on wild pitch by Mateo . Duffy walked . Aardsma pitching for Cubs . Bautista reached on infield single to pitcher , Duffy to second . Sanchez singled to center , Santos and Duffy scored , Bautista thrown out at third . Bay singled to shallow left , Sanchez to third . Burnitz hit sacrifice fly to center , Sanchez scored . Nady singled to left , Bay to second . Doumit struck out looking . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Zambrano hit for Aardsma . Cedeno grounded out to second . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Zambrano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Castillo doubled to deep right . Santos sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Castillo to third . Duffy hit sacrifice fly to center , Castillo scored . Bautista flied out to center . Sanchez walked , Santos to second . Bay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Pierre flied out to left . Theriot fouled out to first . Ramirez doubled to deep right . Nevin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Walrond pitching for Cubs . Burnitz singled to right . Nady flied out to center . Doumit walked , Burnitz to second . Castillo singled to center , Burnitz scored , Doumit to third . Santos reached on bunt single to pitcher , Doumit scored , Castillo to second . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Mabry at first base . Duffy lined out to second . Bautista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Santos pitching for Pirates . Jones safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sanchez . Barrett grounded out to second , Jones to second . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Marte pitching for Pirates . Cedeno doubled to left , Jones scored . Mabry singled to center , Cedeno scored . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mabry out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Sanchez struck out swinging . Bay struck out swinging . Bayliss pitching for Pirates . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Bayliss pitching for Pirates . Theriot doubled to deep right center . Bynum hit for Novoa . Ramirez walked . Bynum sacrificed to third , Theriot to third , Ramirez to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop , Theriot scored , Ramirez to third . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Barrett lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Nady singled to center . Nady stole second . Doumit hit by pitch . Randa hit for Bayliss . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit out at second , Nady to third . Randa fouled out to first . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Duffy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Murton struck out swinging . Lee hit for Mabry . Cedeno bunt grounded out to pitcher . Lee singled to left center . Pierre singled to left , Lee to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Theriot singled to left , Lee scored , Pierre to second . Lee at first base . Ramirez lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Bautista flied out to right . Sanchez lined out to third . Bay reached on infield single to shortstop . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Pagan in center field . Paulino hit for Burnitz . Davis in right field . Paulino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Pagan walked . Jones reached on infield single to second , Pagan to second . Barrett sacrificed to pitcher , Pagan to third , Jones to second . Murton intentionally walked . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to first , Jones out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Nady lined out to center . Doumit lined out to third . Wilson hit for Torres . Castillo singled to right center . Wilson singled to left center , Castillo to third . McLeary pitching for Pirates . Duffy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 10th . Blanco hit for Ohman . McLeary pitching for Pirates . Lee reached on infield single to shortstop . Blanco struck out swinging , Lee stole second . Theriot singled to right , Lee to third . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Ramirez lined into double play , second to shortstop to first , Theriot doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 10th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Bautista struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out looking . Bay singled to center . Bay stole second . Davis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 11th . McLeary pitching for Pirates . Pagan singled to left . Jones singled to right , Pagan to third . Barrett singled to left , Pagan scored , Jones to third . Murton grounded out to first , Barrett to second . Cedeno hit sacrifice fly to center , Jones scored , Barrett to third . Lee intentionally walked . Lee to second on fielder 's indifference . Dempster struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 11th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Nady singled to right center . Doumit grounded out to pitcher , Nady to second . Cota hit for McLeary . Castillo singled to right center , Nady scored . Cota reached on infield single to third , Castillo to second . Duffy flied out to left . Bautista walked , Castillo to third , Cota to second . Sanchez singled to right , Castillo and Cota scored , Bautista to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Pirates 10 .	Bucs rally for wild 11 - inning win , finish sweep of Cubs