Royals - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Merrifield struck out swinging . Hamilton struck out looking . Mondesi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Gardner hit by pitch . Judge grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gardner out at second . Voit singled to left . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Voit out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Dozier struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Soler reached on infield single to shortstop . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Frazier grounded out to third . Tauchman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Maldonado walked . Gore reached on bunt single to catcher , Gore safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia , Maldonado to third . Merrifield flied into double play , right to catcher , Maldonado out at home . Hamilton safe at first on error by first baseman Voit , Gore safe at third on error by first baseman Voit . Mondesi singled to right , Gore scored , Hamilton to second . Mondesi stole second , Hamilton stole third . Dozier walked . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hamilton out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Higashioka struck out looking . Wade singled to right center . Gardner homered to right center ( 396 feet ) , Wade scored . Judge grounded out to shortstop . Voit grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Soler struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Torres lined out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Frazier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Gore walked . Merrifield grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gore out at second . Hamilton walked . Hamilton stole second . Mondesi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Tauchman homered to right ( 389 feet ) . Higashioka struck out swinging . Wade grounded out to second . Gardner grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Dozier doubled to deep left . Gordon doubled to right , Dozier scored . Soler grounded out to second , Gordon to third . Owings struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Judge doubled to deep right . Voit walked . Torres reached on infield single to second , Voit to second , Judge to third . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to center , Judge scored , Voit to third . Frazier walked , Voit scored , Torres to second . Diekman pitching for Royals . Tauchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Frazier out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Gore struck out looking . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton walked . Hamilton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Adam Ottavino pitches to Adalberto Mondesi . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Boxberger pitching for Royals . Higashioka doubled to deep center . Wade reached on bunt single to third , Higashioka scored on throwing error by third baseman Dozier , Wade out at second . Gardner walked . Gardner stole second . Judge walked . Voit walked , Judge to second , Gardner to third . Torres popped out to second . LeMahieu fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Mondesi struck out swinging . Dozier flied out to right . Gordon walked . Soler safe at first on error by shortstop Torres , Gordon to second , Gordon safe at third on error by shortstop Torres . Owings flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Frazier safe at first on error by first baseman Merrifield . Tauchman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Frazier out at second . Higashioka struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Maldonado grounded out to second . Gore struck out swinging . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Yankees 6 .	Sabathia gets 1st win of season as Yankees top Royals 6 - 2