Yankees - Top 1st . Stratton pitching for Angels . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Voit homered to center ( 403 feet ) . Gardner grounded out to third . Torres struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . German pitching for Yankees . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout walked . Bour flied out to left . Simmons flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Stratton pitching for Angels . Ford singled to deep right . Tauchman walked , Ford to second . Romine struck out swinging . Estrada singled to right , Tauchman to second , Ford to third . Wade grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ford scored , Estrada out at second , Tauchman to third . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wade out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . German pitching for Yankees . Pujols grounded out to third . Goodwin lined out to shortstop . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Stratton pitching for Angels . Voit struck out looking . Gardner tripled to right center . Torres struck out swinging . Ford popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . German pitching for Yankees . La Stella singled to right . Fletcher reached on infield single to catcher , La Stella to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fletcher out at second , La Stella to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Stratton pitching for Angels . Tauchman grounded out to first . Romine struck out swinging . Estrada singled to center . Wade reached on bunt single to third , Estrada to second . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . German pitching for Yankees . Bour flied out to left . Simmons struck out looking . Pujols popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Stratton pitching for Angels . Voit lined out to center . Gardner singled to left . Torres flied out to right . Ford homered to right ( 419 feet ) , Gardner scored . Tauchman singled to center . Romine lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . German pitching for Yankees . Goodwin doubled to left center . Smith grounded out to shortstop . La Stella safe at first on error by pitcher Germán , Goodwin safe at third on error by pitcher Germán . Fletcher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goodwin scored , La Stella out at second . Calhoun fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Angels . Estrada struck out swinging . Wade struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . German pitching for Yankees . Trout popped out to shortstop . Bour grounded out to first . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Anderson pitching for Angels . Voit walked . Gardner doubled to deep left center , Voit to third . Torres singled to left , Voit scored , Gardner to third . Urshela hit for Ford . Freeman pitching for Angels . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torres to second , Gardner out at home . Tauchman walked , Urshela to second , Torres to third . Romine grounded out to third , Torres scored , Tauchman to second , Urshela to third . Estrada walked . Wade grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Estrada out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . LeMahieu at first base . Urshela at third base . German pitching for Yankees . Pujols struck out swinging . Goodwin hit ground rule double to deep left . Smith flied out to center . Green pitching for Yankees . La Stella grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Freeman pitching for Angels . LeMahieu lined out to right . Voit homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Gardner singled to right . Torres singled to left , Gardner to second . Urshela grounded out to second , Torres to second , Gardner to third . Tauchman flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Yankees . Fletcher singled to left . Calhoun singled to right , Fletcher to second . Trout walked , Calhoun to second , Fletcher to third . Bour homered to center ( 435 feet ) , Fletcher scored , Calhoun scored and Trout scored . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Simmons doubled to deep center . Pujols walked . Bourjos ran for Pujols . Goodwin struck out swinging . Smith grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bourjos out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Bourjos as designated hitter . Allen pitching for Angels . Romine struck out swinging . Estrada grounded out to shortstop . Wade walked . Wade stole second . LeMahieu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Lucroy hit for La Stella . Britton pitching for Yankees . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Fletcher grounded out to shortstop . Cozart hit for Calhoun . Cozart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Angels 5 .	Voit homers twice to lead Yankees over Angels 7 - 5