Yankees - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Voit homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Hicks walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . García doubled to left on fan interference . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to left center , García to third . McCann struck out swinging . Jiménez homered to right center ( 411 feet ) , García scored and Abreu scored . Castillo walked . Rondón walked , Castillo to second . Sánchez singled to deep right center , Castillo scored , Sánchez to second , Rondón to third . Cordell struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Torres flied out to right . Frazier struck out swinging . Urshela grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . García grounded out to first . Anderson safe at second on error by third baseman Urshela . Abreu doubled to deep center , Anderson scored . McCann walked . Jiménez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , McCann out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Gardner struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Voit walked . Hicks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Castillo singled to left . Rondón grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . Sánchez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Sánchez grounded out to second . Gregorius flied out to right . Torres grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Cordell singled to left center . García grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Cordell out at second . Anderson doubled to deep left center . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Frazier singled to center . Urshela grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Frazier out at second . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . McCann lined out to second . Jiménez singled to left . Castillo struck out looking . Rondón singled to right , Jiménez to third . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Sánchez singled to left , Jiménez scored , Rondón to second . Cordell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Voit walked . Hicks fouled out to catcher . Sánchez walked , Voit to second . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . García walked . Anderson singled to left , García to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , García scored on throwing error by second baseman Torres , Anderson out at second . Abreu to second , McCann safe at second on error by third baseman Urshela , Abreu safe at third on error by third baseman Urshela . Jiménez homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Abreu scored and McCann scored . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Rondón singled to center . Hale pitching for Yankees . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Torres singled to left center . Frazier singled to center , Torres to second . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Urshela grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Frazier out at second , Torres to third . Tauchman hit for Gardner . Tauchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Romine catching . Tauchman in left field . Hale pitching for Yankees . Cordell grounded out to third . García grounded out to first . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Tilson in right field . Cordell in center field . Minaya pitching for White Sox . LeMahieu doubled to deep right . Voit reached on infield single to third . Hicks lined out to left . Voit to second on wild pitch by Minaya , LeMahieu to third on wild pitch by Minaya . Romine struck out swinging . Osich pitching for White Sox . Gregorius grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Abreu reached on infield single to third . McCann grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . Jiménez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Torres walked . Frazier grounded out to first , Torres to second . Urshela lined out to shortstop . Torres to third on wild pitch by Ruiz . Tauchman reached on infield single to first , Torres scored . Tauchman to second on fielder 's indifference . LeMahieu flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - White Sox 10 .	Giolito , Jimenez lead White Sox to 10 - 2 romp over Yankees