Yankees - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Judge struck out looking . Hicks singled to center . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Devers singled to center . Bogaerts homered to right ( 358 feet ) , Devers scored . Martinez homered to right center ( 431 feet ) . Chavis flied out to left . Vázquez homered to right ( 368 feet ) . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación walked . Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop , Encarnación to second . Torres walked , Gregorius to second , Encarnación to third . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación scored , Torres out at second , Gregorius to third . Gardner reached on infield single to second , Gregorius scored , Urshela to second . LeMahieu flied out to center . Judge walked , Gardner to second , Urshela to third . Hicks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Núñez flied out to left . Travis singled to center . Betts grounded into double play , third to second to first , Travis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Sánchez walked . Encarnación flied out to right . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sánchez out at second . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Devers flied out to right . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep left . Chavis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Urshela popped out to second . Gardner grounded out to second . LeMahieu lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Vázquez popped out to second . Bradley Jr. reached on infield single to second . Núñez flied out to center . Travis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Judge singled to left . Hicks popped out to shortstop . Sánchez fouled out to first . Encarnación fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Betts singled to right . Devers flied out to left . Bogaerts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Betts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Gregorius struck out swinging . Brewer pitching for Red Sox . Torres walked . Urshela struck out swinging . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Martinez reached first base on catcher 's interference , Martinez to first on error by catcher Sánchez . Chavis struck out swinging . Vázquez struck out looking . Bradley Jr. flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . LeMahieu doubled to right . Judge walked . Hicks doubled to right , LeMahieu scored , Judge to third . Sánchez singled to left center , Judge scored and Hicks scored . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación walked , Sánchez to second . Gregorius struck out swinging . Torres singled to right , Encarnación to second , Sánchez to third . Urshela singled to center , Encarnación scored and Sánchez scored , Torres to second . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Gardner walked , Urshela to second , Torres to third . LeMahieu hit ground rule double to deep right , Torres scored and Urshela scored , Gardner to third . Judge intentionally walked . Hicks hit sacrifice fly to right , Gardner scored , LeMahieu to third . LeMahieu scored on error by first baseman Chavis , Sánchez safe at first on error by first baseman Chavis , Judge to second . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sánchez out at second . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Tauchman in right field . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Núñez fouled out to first . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Betts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Hernández at second base . Núñez at shortstop . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Gregorius homered to right center ( 416 feet ) . Torres grounded out to third . Urshela lined out to shortstop . Gardner singled to center . LeMahieu singled to right , Gardner to second . Tauchman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Yankees . Devers grounded out to second . Hernández singled to shallow left . Martinez singled to right , Hernández to second . Chavis flied out to right . Martinez to second on wild pitch by Adams , Hernández to third on wild pitch by Adams . Vázquez singled to center , Hernández scored and Martinez scored . Bradley Jr. singled to right , Vázquez to third . Núñez doubled to deep right center , Vázquez scored , Bradley Jr. to third . Britton pitching for Yankees . Travis singled to left center , Bradley Jr. scored , Núñez to third . Betts walked , Travis to second . Devers grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Hicks popped out to shortstop . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Romine catching . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Hernández doubled to right . Martinez struck out swinging . Chavis struck out swinging . Vázquez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 12 - Red Sox 8 .	Tradition : Comeback lifts Yanks to London sweep of Red Sox