Yankees - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Twins . LeMahieu walked . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Encarnación grounded into triple play , third to second to first , Judge out at second , LeMahieu out at third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Garver flied out to right . Polanco homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Cruz homered to left center ( 395 feet ) . Rosario grounded out to first . Sanó struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Twins . Sánchez struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez flied out to center . Kepler grounded out to second . Schoop popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Twins . Torres grounded out to pitcher . Urshela homered to center ( 405 feet ) . Tauchman singled to center . LeMahieu doubled to deep right , Tauchman to third . Judge walked . Encarnación singled to center , Tauchman scored , Judge to second , LeMahieu to third . Sánchez grounded into double play , third to first , Judge out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Arraez walked . Garver reached on infield single to third , Arraez to second . Polanco singled to right center , Garver to second , Arraez to third . Cruz reached first base on catcher 's interference , Arraez to home on error , Cruz to first on error by catcher Sánchez , Polanco to second on error , Garver to third on error . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Garver scored , Cruz out at second , Polanco to third . Sanó grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco scored , Rosario out at second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Twins . Hicks struck out swinging . Voit homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Torres lined out to center . Urshela popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Kepler homered to right ( 357 feet ) . Schoop struck out swinging . Arraez grounded out to second . Garver homered to left ( 347 feet ) . Polanco walked . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Twins . Tauchman singled to center . LeMahieu homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Tauchman scored . Judge walked . Duffey pitching for Twins . Encarnación walked , Judge to second . Sánchez lined out to left . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Encarnación out at second , Judge to third . Voit struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Rosario singled to right . Sanó struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out looking . Kepler walked , Rosario to second . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Thorpe pitching for Twins . Torres doubled to deep left center . Urshela grounded out to third , Torres to third . Tauchman singled to left , Torres scored . LeMahieu singled to right , Tauchman to second . Judge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Arraez struck out swinging . Garver homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Polanco grounded out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Thorpe pitching for Twins . Encarnación popped out to second . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Rosario struck out swinging . Sanó fouled out to first . Gonzalez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Thorpe pitching for Twins . Voit struck out swinging . Torres lined out to third . Urshela doubled to deep left center . Tauchman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Holder pitching for Yankees . Kepler grounded out to first . Schoop struck out swinging . Arraez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Twins . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Judge singled to left center . Encarnación singled to center , Judge to third . Sánchez struck out swinging . Hicks grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Twins 8 .	Twins hit 5 homers , turn triple play in 8 - 6 win vs Yankees