Yankees - Top 1st . Gibson pitching for Twins . Hicks walked . Judge struck out looking . Encarnación doubled to deep right , Hicks to third . Voit struck out looking . Gregorius doubled to deep center , Encarnación scored and Hicks scored . Sánchez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . German pitching for Yankees . Kepler singled to shallow left . Polanco struck out swinging . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kepler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Torres grounded out to pitcher . Urshela grounded out to shortstop . Tauchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . German pitching for Yankees . Rosario doubled to first . Sanó struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Arraez singled to center , Rosario scored , Gonzalez to second . Adrianza walked , Arraez to second , Gonzalez to third . Castro struck out swinging . Kepler grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Gibson pitching for Twins . Hicks singled to right center . Judge grounded into double play , second to first , Hicks out at second . Encarnación walked . Voit singled to right , Encarnación to third . Gregorius walked , Voit to second . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . German pitching for Yankees . Polanco homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Cruz homered to left center ( 388 feet ) . Rosario flied out to left . Sanó grounded out to third . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Arraez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Torres flied out to center . Urshela grounded out to third . Tauchman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . German pitching for Yankees . Adrianza doubled to right . Adrianza to third on wild pitch by Germán . Castro singled to right , Adrianza scored . Kepler flied out to left . Polanco singled to right , Castro to third . Cruz hit by pitch , Polanco to second . Rosario grounded out to first , Castro scored , Cruz to second , Polanco to third . Sanó homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Polanco scored and Cruz scored . Hale pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez singled to center . Arraez singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Adrianza flied out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Gibson pitching for Twins . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Judge singled to left center . Encarnación singled to center , Judge to second . Voit lined out to shortstop . Gregorius homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Judge scored and Encarnación scored . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Castro reached on infield single to third . Kepler grounded out to second , Castro to second . Polanco doubled to center , Castro scored . Cruz safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius . Rosario grounded out to first , Cruz to second , Polanco to third . Sanó grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Stashak pitching for Twins . Torres singled to left . Torres to second on passed ball by Castro . Urshela struck out swinging . Tauchman singled to right , Torres to third . Hicks flied out to left . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez flied out to center . Arraez struck out swinging . Adrianza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Stashak pitching for Twins . Encarnación struck out swinging . Voit reached on infield single to catcher . Gregorius singled to right center , Voit to third . Sánchez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Castro struck out swinging . Kepler struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Parker pitching for Twins . Torres walked . Urshela doubled to left , Torres to third . Tauchman doubled to deep right , Torres scored , Urshela to third . Hicks struck out swinging . Judge doubled to deep center , Tauchman scored and Urshela scored . Duffey pitching for Twins . Encarnación struck out swinging . Voit walked . LeMahieu ran for Voit . Harper pitching for Twins . Gregorius doubled to deep right center , LeMahieu scored and Judge scored . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . LeMahieu at first base . Romine catching . Britton pitching for Yankees . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Rosario reached on infield single to third . Sanó homered to center ( 457 feet ) , Rosario scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Arraez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Torres flied out to right . Urshela flied out to center . Tauchman walked . Hicks homered to left center ( 419 feet ) , Tauchman scored . Judge doubled to deep left . Encarnación struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Adrianza walked . Garver hit for Castro . Garver walked , Adrianza to second . Kepler walked , Garver to second , Adrianza to third . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left , Adrianza scored . Cruz lined out to center . Rosario lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 10th . Garver catching . Stewart pitching for Twins . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Gregorius singled to left . Romine singled to center , Gregorius to second . Torres singled to right center , Gregorius scored , Romine to third . Urshela flied out to center . Romine scored on Stewart wild pitch , Torres stole second . Tauchman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Sanó struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Arraez walked , Gonzalez to second . Adrianza grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arraez out at second , Gonzalez to third . Garver walked , Adrianza to second . Green pitching for Yankees . Kepler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 14 - Twins 12 .	Hicks ' grab , Didi 's 7 RBIs lift Yanks over Twins 14 - 12 in 10