Orioles - Top 1st . Green pitching for Yankees . Villar grounded out to third . Mancini grounded out to first . Santander struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Blach pitching for Orioles . LeMahieu singled to center . Judge flied out to center . Urshela singled to shallow center , LeMahieu to second . Torres singled to left , Urshela to second , LeMahieu to third . Gardner tripled to deep left center , LeMahieu scored , Urshela scored and Torres scored . Maybin struck out swinging . Romine grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Green pitching for Yankees . Núñez lined out to center . Mantiply pitching for Yankees . Peterson grounded out to first . Sisco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Blach pitching for Orioles . Ford struck out swinging . Valera singled to right . LeMahieu walked , Valera to second . Valera scored on throwing error by catcher Sisco , LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Blach , LeMahieu safe at third on throwing error by catcher Sisco . Judge walked . Urshela grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Judge out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 3rd . Mantiply pitching for Yankees . Alberto tripled to deep center . Davis struck out swinging . Ruiz grounded out to first , Alberto scored . Villar singled to right . Mancini homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Villar scored . Santander grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Blach pitching for Orioles . Torres struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Maybin popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Mantiply pitching for Yankees . Núñez struck out swinging . Peterson grounded out to shortstop . Sisco walked . Alberto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Blach pitching for Orioles . Romine struck out looking . Ford homered to right center ( 388 feet ) . Valera grounded out to third . LeMahieu lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Mantiply pitching for Yankees . Davis grounded out to first . Ruiz walked . Lail pitching for Yankees . Villar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ruiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Blach pitching for Orioles . Judge walked . Urshela singled to center , Judge to second . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Torres homered to left center ( 420 feet ) , Judge scored and Urshela scored . Gardner walked . Maybin struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . Ford flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Lail pitching for Yankees . Mancini grounded out to second . Santander lined out to left . Núñez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Valera walked . LeMahieu singled to deep right , Valera to third . Eshelman pitching for Orioles . Judge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu to second , Valera out at home . Urshela flied out to center . Torres homered to left ( 395 feet ) , LeMahieu scored and Judge scored . Gardner struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Lail pitching for Yankees . Peterson walked . Sisco singled to right , Peterson to second . Alberto homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Peterson scored and Sisco scored . Davis struck out swinging . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Eshelman pitching for Orioles . Maybin flied out to center . Romine grounded out to third . Ford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Mancini grounded out to second . Santander flied out to center . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Eshelman pitching for Orioles . Valera flied out to center . LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop . Judge lined out to right . Urshela singled to center , LeMahieu to second . Torres intentionally walked , Urshela to second , LeMahieu to third . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Peterson singled to right . Sisco struck out swinging . Alberto singled to center , Peterson to second . Wilkerson hit for Davis . Wilkerson singled to right , Alberto to second , Peterson to third . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Ruiz singled to right , Alberto scored and Peterson scored , Wilkerson to third . Villar struck out looking . Mancini flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - Yankees 11 .	Torres ( 13 homers vs Os ) lifts Yanks to doubleheader sweep