Yankees - Top 1st . Kay pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Torres singled to left center . Voit singled to left , Torres to second . Urshela grounded into double play , third to first , Torres out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Bichette flied out to left . Biggio struck out swinging . Guerrero Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Kay pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius grounded out to second . Maybin struck out swinging . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Tellez grounded out to shortstop . Grichuk homered to left ( 382 feet ) . McGuire grounded out to first . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Kay pitching for Blue Jays . Frazier flied out to right . Romine singled to right . LeMahieu lined out to center . Torres walked , Romine to second . Voit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . McKinney popped out to third . Ureña singled to center . Bichette grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bichette safe at second on error by first baseman LeMahieu , Ureña out at second . Biggio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Kay pitching for Blue Jays . Urshela flied out to center . Gregorius grounded out to second . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Guerrero Jr. flied out to center . Tellez singled to center . Grichuk struck out swinging . McGuire doubled to deep center , Tellez scored . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop , McGuire scored on throwing error by second baseman Torres , Hernández safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Torres . McKinney reached on infield single to first , Hernández to third . Ureña struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Kay pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner doubled to center . Frazier doubled to right , Gardner scored on throwing error by right fielder Grichuk , Frazier safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Grichuk . Romine singled to left , Frazier scored . LeMahieu singled to left center , Romine to second . Torres grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second , Romine to third . Voit grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Romine scored , Torres to second . Adam pitching for Blue Jays . Voit to second on wild pitch by Adam , Torres to third on wild pitch by Adam . Urshela singled to center , Torres scored and Voit scored . Boshers pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius walked , Urshela to second . Maybin flied out to right . Gardner grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Bichette doubled to deep center . Biggio singled to center , Bichette scored . Guerrero Jr. flied out to center . Biggio to second on wild pitch by Tanaka . Tellez grounded out to second , Biggio to third . Grichuk grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Frazier struck out swinging . Romine grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to right . Torres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . McGuire grounded out to first . Hernández singled to left . McKinney lined into double play , to first , Hernández doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Davis in center field . Hernández in left field . McKinney at first base . Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays . Voit struck out swinging . Urshela flied out to center . Gregorius walked . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Ureña singled to right center . Ureña to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Bichette walked . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bichette out at second , Ureña to third . Ureña scored on balk , Biggio to second on balk . Guerrero Jr. flied out to left . Smoak hit for Davis . Smoak intentionally walked . Grichuk struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Smoak at first base . Hernández in center field . McKinney in left field . Law pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner lined out to third . Frazier flied out to right . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Britton pitching for Yankees . McGuire grounded out to third . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . McKinney struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Giles pitching for Blue Jays . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Torres grounded out to third . Voit walked . Wade ran for Voit . Urshela lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Wade as designated hitter . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Ureña struck out swinging . Bichette singled to shallow center . Biggio singled to right , Bichette to third . Guerrero Jr. grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Biggio out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 10th . Mayza pitching for Blue Jays . Gregorius walked . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gregorius out at second . Maybin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 10th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Smoak flied out to center . Grichuk grounded out to first . McGuire lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 11th . Font pitching for Blue Jays . Frazier struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . LeMahieu lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 11th . Lyons pitching for Yankees . Hernández struck out swinging . McKinney lined out to center . Ureña fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 12th . Font pitching for Blue Jays . Torres grounded out to shortstop . Judge hit for Wade . Judge struck out swinging . Urshela grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 12th . Judge as designated hitter . Lyons pitching for Yankees . Bichette homered to left ( 390 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Blue Jays 6 .	Bichette 's home run in 12th leads Blue Jays over Yanks 6 - 5