Yankees - Top 1st . Palumbo pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Stanton homered to left center ( 440 feet ) . Torres singled to left . Voit struck out looking . Sánchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Paxton pitching for Yankees . Choo flied out to center . Andrus singled to center . Calhoun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . Santana homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Calhoun scored . Solak doubled to deep center . Odor struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Palumbo pitching for Rangers . Gardner struck out looking . Urshela struck out looking . Maybin homered to left center ( 430 feet ) . Ford struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Heller pitching for Yankees . Heineman reached on infield single to third . DeShields struck out swinging . Trevino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heineman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Palumbo pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu lined out to right . Stanton walked . Torres doubled to deep left center , Stanton to third . Voit struck out looking . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus struck out looking . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Palumbo pitching for Rangers . Gardner homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Urshela singled to right center . Maybin bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Urshela out at second . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maybin out at second . LeMahieu doubled to right , Ford to third . Stanton singled to center , Ford scored and LeMahieu scored . Torres fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Santana flied out to center . Solak walked . Odor struck out looking . Heineman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Voit safe at first on error by second baseman Odor . Sánchez struck out swinging . Gardner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Voit out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gearrin pitching for Yankees . DeShields reached on infield single to second . Trevino popped out to second . Choo struck out swinging . DeShields stole second . Andrus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Sampson pitching for Rangers . Urshela homered to left center ( 435 feet ) . Maybin walked . Ford homered to right ( 411 feet ) , Maybin scored . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . LeMahieu singled to right center . Stanton walked , LeMahieu to second . Torres flied out to left . Voit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stanton out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Romine catching . Lyons pitching for Yankees . Calhoun struck out swinging . Santana struck out swinging . Solak fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Guerrieri pitching for Rangers . Romine grounded out to shortstop . Gardner singled to deep right . Urshela struck out swinging . Maybin singled to center , Gardner to third . Ford walked , Maybin to second . LeMahieu doubled to left , Ford scored , Gardner scored and Maybin scored , LeMahieu thrown out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . King pitching for Yankees . Odor flied out to left . Heineman flied out to right . DeShields popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Stanton singled to shallow left . Wade ran for Stanton . Torres grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wade out at second . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Estrada at second base . Wade in center field . Frazier in left field . King pitching for Yankees . Trevino safe at first on error by pitcher King . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus singled to center , Trevino to second . Calhoun singled to center , Trevino scored , Andrus to second . Santana flied out to left . Solak grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Romine homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Frazier walked . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . Maybin singled to right center , Urshela to second . Ford doubled to deep center , Maybin scored and Urshela scored . Estrada flied out to center . Wade struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Adams pitching for Yankees . Odor struck out looking . Heineman homered to center ( 406 feet ) . DeShields doubled to center . Trevino doubled to deep right center , DeShields scored . Choo homered to center ( 418 feet ) , Trevino scored . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Andrus popped out to first . Calhoun grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 14 - Rangers 7 .	Paxton leaves early , Yankees hit 6 homers to top Texas 14 - 7