Athletics - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Kendall popped out to second . Stewart struck out looking . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Matthews popped out to third . Cabrera walked . Guerrero singled to left , Cabrera to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Kotchman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Piazza popped out to third . Chavez singled to center . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Kendrick singled to left . Kendrick caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Izturis walked . Napoli lined out to third . Willits flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Ellis singled to right . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellis out at second . Scutaro grounded out to third , Buck to second . Kendall singled to center , Buck scored . Stewart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Matthews walked . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep left , Matthews to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Matthews scored . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Kotchman grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Bradley popped out to shortstop . Piazza doubled to deep center . Chavez struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Izturis flied out to center . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Ellis singled to right . Buck struck out swinging , Ellis stole second , Ellis to third on throwing error by catcher Napoli . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at home . Kendall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Willits flied out to center . Matthews flied out to right . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Stewart flied out to center . Bradley flied out to left . Piazza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Anderson doubled to right . Kotchman reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson scored , Kotchman to first on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro . C Kotchman out at second . Kendrick grounded out to third . Izturis flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Chavez doubled to deep center . Swisher hit by pitch . Chavez caught stealing third , catcher to third to shortstop to catcher . Ellis popped out to second . Buck singled to right , Swisher to third . Scutaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Napoli flied out to left . Willits grounded out to first . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Stewart flied out to left . Embree pitching for Athletics . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Cabrera flied out to right . Guerrero singled to right . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Guerrero to second . Shields pitching for Angels . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Crosby ran for Piazza . Shields pitching for Angels . Piazza singled to center . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crosby out at second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 1 - Angels 2 .	A 's squander chances as Angels improve to 5 - 1