Athletics - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Stewart struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to second . Chavez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis grounded out to third . Ortiz doubled to left . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Piazza grounded out to third . Johnson flied out to center . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Drew flied out to center . Lowell flied out to center . Varitek reached on infield single to second . Crisp singled to left , Varitek to second . Cora grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Putnam popped out to shortstop . Kendall struck out looking . Langerhans grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Lugo walked . Lugo stole second . Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop , Lugo to third . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lugo scored , Youkilis out at second . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Ortiz to second . Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second on balk by Gaudin . Drew struck out swinging . Lowell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Stewart flied out to center . Ellis struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Varitek grounded out to second . Crisp safe at second on error by center fielder Langerhans . Cora flied out to right . Lugo singled to center , Crisp scored . Youkilis walked , Lugo to second . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Piazza singled to center . Johnson doubled to left , Piazza to third . Crosby struck out swinging . Putnam struck out swinging . Kendall singled to center , Piazza and Johnson scored . Langerhans grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Ramirez singled to left . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . Lowell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Stewart singled to center . Ellis struck out swinging . Chavez fouled out to third . Piazza singled to center , Stewart to second . Johnson singled to right , Stewart scored , Piazza to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Piazza out at third , Johnson to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to center . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Crisp doubled to left , Varitek to third . Cora grounded out to shortstop , Varitek scored , Crisp to third . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Crisp scored . Youkilis hit by pitch . Calero pitching for Athletics . Ortiz walked , Youkilis to second . Ramirez walked , Youkilis to third , Ortiz to second . Drew grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Putnam grounded out to shortstop . Kendall lined out to second . Langerhans walked . Stewart walked , Langerhans to second . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Lowell singled to left . Lowell caught stealing second , Lowell safe at second on error by Kendall . Varitek lined out to first . Embree pitching for Athletics . Crisp lined out to center . Cora singled to center , Lowell scored , Cora to second advancing on throw . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Lugo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Swisher hit for Piazza . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Chavez walked . Swisher grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chavez out at second . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Youkilis walked . Ortiz singled to center , Youkilis to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Drew singled to deep right , Youkilis scored , Ortiz to third , Drew to third on error by right fielder Putnam . D Ortiz thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Lowell grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Crosby reached on infield single to shortstop . Putnam struck out swinging . Walker hit for Langerhans . Kendall lined out to center . Crosby to second on fielder 's indifference . Walker singled to right , Crosby scored . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 4 - Red Sox 6 .	BoSox top A 's ; Beckett 6 - 0