Cardinals - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Miles grounded out to first . Taguchi singled to left . Pujols singled to center , Taguchi to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . Rolen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Buck lined out to shortstop . Kotsay flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop . Duncan doubled to deep right center , Encarnacion scored . Bennett struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out swinging . Miles singled to center , Duncan scored . Taguchi lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Chavez flied out to left . Crosby grounded out to second . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Pujols flied out to left . Edmonds walked . Edmonds to second on wild pitch by Haren , Edmonds safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to left , Edmonds scored . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Ellis walked . Cust doubled to left , Ellis to third . Kendall doubled to left , Ellis and Cust scored . Buck singled to left , Kendall to third . Kotsay singled to left center , Kendall scored , Buck to third . Swisher doubled to right , Buck scored , Kotsay to third . Chavez walked . Crosby singled to left , Kotsay and Swisher scored , Chavez to second . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crosby out at second , Chavez to third . Ellis fouled out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Duncan walked . Bennett flied out to left . Kennedy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Duncan out at second . Miles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Cust reached on infield single to second . Kendall popped out to shortstop . Buck safe at third on error by right fielder Encarnacion , Cust scored . Kotsay popped out to second . Swisher flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Taguchi walked . Pujols struck out looking . Edmonds grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Taguchi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Chavez homered to center . Crosby grounded out to third . Cavazos pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Rolen singled to deep right center . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rolen out at second . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Cavazos pitching for Cardinals . Cust walked . Kendall grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Cust out at second . Buck reached on infield single to second . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Bennett struck out swinging . Kennedy grounded out to second . Miles struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Cavazos pitching for Cardinals . Swisher walked . Chavez walked , Swisher to second . Crosby lined out to center . Johnson homered to right center , Swisher and Chavez scored . Ellis singled to left . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Cust singled to right , Ellis to second . Kendall flied out to center . Buck walked , Ellis to third , Cust to second . Kotsay singled to right center , Ellis and Cust scored , Buck to third . Swisher singled to left , Buck scored , Kotsay to second . Scutaro hit for Chavez . Scutaro at third base . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Scutaro flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Taguchi flied out to right . Pujols struck out swinging . Spiezio pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Spiezio pitching for Cardinals . Crosby grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Ellis fouled out to left . Cust flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Athletics . Ludwick hit for Rolen . Ludwick popped out to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . Duncan walked . Bennett singled to center , Duncan to second . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Athletics 14 .	A 's rout Looper , Cards as Haren gains eighth win