Athletics - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Buck lined out to shortstop . Stewart singled to center . Swisher walked , Stewart to second . Piazza struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Willits flied out to left . Figgins singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Figgins to third . Anderson singled to center , Figgins scored , Cabrera to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Kotsay flied out to left . Scutaro singled to left . Scutaro to second on passed ball by Mathis . Murphy doubled to left , Scutaro scored . Suzuki flied out to right . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Matthews flied out to left . Izturis struck out looking . Quinlan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Stewart flied out to center . Swisher struck out swinging . Piazza singled to left . Ellis walked , Piazza to second . Kotsay reached on infield single to shortstop , Piazza to third , Ellis to second . Scutaro walked , Piazza scored , Ellis to third , Kotsay to second . Murphy flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Mathis grounded out to second . Willits grounded out to pitcher . Figgins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Suzuki struck out looking . Buck struck out looking . Stewart flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to third . Anderson doubled to right . Kotchman doubled to deep center , Anderson scored . Matthews grounded out to second , Kotchman to third . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Swisher lined out to first . Piazza homered to center . Ellis bunt popped out to pitcher . Kotsay doubled to deep right . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Quinlan singled to center . Quinlan stole second . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits singled to center , Quinlan to third . Figgins doubled to right , Quinlan scored , Willits to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Willits scored . Anderson singled to right , Figgins scored . Kotchman singled to left center , Anderson to second . Matthews flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Murphy walked . Suzuki fouled out to first . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Murphy out at second . Stewart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Izturis singled to right . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis out at second . Quinlan caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Swisher struck out swinging . Piazza flied out to center . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Brown pitching for Athletics . Willits singled to center . Figgins struck out swinging , Willits to second on wild pitch by Brown . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Murphy . Anderson walked , Willits to third , Cabrera to second . Kotchman struck out swinging . Matthews flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Kotsay singled to center . Scutaro flied out to right . Murphy flied out to center . Cust hit for Suzuki . Cust struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Bowen catching . Calero pitching for Athletics . Izturis flied out to center . Quinlan walked . Mathis flied out to center . Quinlan stole second , Quinlan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Bowen . Willits walked . Figgins singled to right , Quinlan scored , Willits to third . Figgins stole second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Buck doubled to center . Stewart singled to right , Buck to third . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck scored , Stewart out at second . Piazza singled to center , Swisher to third . Chavez ran for Piazza . Ellis walked , Chavez to second . Kotsay walked , Swisher scored , Chavez to third , Ellis to second . Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to right , Chavez scored . Murphy flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Anderson grounded out to second . Kotchman singled to left . Matthews grounded out to first , Kotchman to second . Kotchman to third on passed ball by Bowen . Izturis singled to left , Kotchman scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Angels 7 .	Angels hold off A 's rally