Athletics - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . DaVanon reached on infield single to third . Scutaro grounded into double play , second to first , DaVanon out at second . Swisher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Iwamura grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Pena walked . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Cust struck out looking . Piazza struck out swinging . Johnson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Young hit ground rule double to left . Harris sacrificed to pitcher , Young to third . Gomes grounded out to third . Navarro homered to left , Young scored . Wilson lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Ellis reached on bunt single to third . Hannahan struck out swinging . Bowen flied out to center . DaVanon doubled to left , Ellis to third . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Iwamura singled to center . Crawford singled to center , Iwamura to second . Pena doubled to deep right , Iwamura scored , Crawford to third . Upton singled to right , Crawford scored , Pena to third . Young singled to center , Pena scored , Upton to second . Harris singled to center , Upton scored , Young to second . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Gomes flied out to center , Young to third . Navarro flied out to center . Wilson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Swisher grounded out to second . Cust struck out swinging . Piazza grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Iwamura struck out swinging . Crawford reached on infield single to second . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pena walked . Upton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to right . Ellis grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Hannahan walked . Bowen singled to right center , Hannahan to second . DaVanon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Young flied out to right . Harris singled to right . Gomes walked , Harris to second . Navarro doubled to right , Harris and Gomes scored . Wilson flied out to right . Iwamura flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Scutaro singled to center . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Cust doubled to deep left center , Scutaro to third . Piazza popped out to second . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Crawford fouled out to third . Pena walked . Upton homered to left , Pena scored . Young struck out swinging . Harris flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out swinging . Bowen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Brown in right field . Furmaniak at second base . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Gomes singled to right . Navarro struck out swinging . Wilson hit by pitch , Gomes to second . Iwamura grounded out to pitcher , Gomes to third , Wilson to second . Crawford singled to center , Gomes and Wilson scored . Pena struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . DaVanon grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro flied out to right . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Upton struck out swinging . Young singled to left . Harris flied out to center . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Cust struck out swinging . Piazza singled to deep left . Johnson homered to right , Piazza scored . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Furmaniak walked . Hannahan reached on infield single to second , Furmaniak hit by batted ball out at second . Bowen singled to deep left , Hannahan to third . DaVanon grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Devil Rays 12 .	Shields , D - Rays snap A 's five - game win streak\r\n