Padres - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles grounded out to first . Giles flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Maddux pitching for Padres . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson flied out to left . Byrnes singled to left center . Tracy doubled to deep center , Byrnes scored . Jackson doubled to deep right , Tracy scored . Drew singled to center , Jackson scored . Salazar reached on infield single to first , Drew to second . Snyder grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . Greene grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Maddux pitching for Padres . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Young hit by pitch . Hudson grounded into double play , second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Barrett grounded out to third . Kouzmanoff tripled to right . Maddux grounded out to second . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Maddux pitching for Padres . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . Tracy doubled to deep right center . Jackson walked . Tracy to third , Jackson to second on passed ball by Barrett . Drew struck out swinging . Salazar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles walked . Gonzalez popped out to third . Cameron singled to left , Giles to second . Bradley singled to right , Giles scored , Cameron to second . Greene walked , Cameron to third , Bradley to second . Barrett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Greene out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Maddux pitching for Padres . Snyder grounded out to second . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Young singled to left . Hudson singled to right , Young to second . Young stole third . Byrnes singled to center , Young scored , Hudson to second . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Bocachica hit for Maddux . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff homered to right center . Bocachica struck out swinging . Giles flied out to right . Giles singled to left . Brocail pitching for Padres . Gonzalez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Brocail pitching for Padres . Jackson grounded out to second . Drew grounded out to second . Salazar doubled to deep right . Snyder intentionally walked . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Cameron walked . Bradley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cameron out at second . Greene struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Brocail pitching for Padres . Young flied out to right . Hudson struck out looking . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrnes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Barrett popped out to second . Cruz Jr hit for Brocail . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Cruz Jr homered to right . Giles singled to left . Ring pitching for Padres . Giles struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ring pitching for Padres . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . Jackson walked . Drew struck out swinging . Meredith pitching for Padres . Salazar doubled to right , Jackson to third . Clark hit for Pena . Snyder singled to right , Jackson and Salazar scored , Snyder to second on throwing error by right fielder Giles . Clark singled to center , Snyder scored . Tracy at first base . Reynolds at third base . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clark out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Cameron singled to center . Cameron stole second . Bradley walked . Greene flied out to right . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at third , Bradley to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Hudson reached on infield single to first . Byrnes singled to center , Hudson to third . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at home , Byrnes to third , Tracy to second . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to center , Byrnes scored , Tracy to third . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Blum hit for Meredith . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff doubled to deep center . Blum grounded out to shortstop , Kouzmanoff to third . Giles struck out looking . Giles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Diamondbacks 8 .	D - backs drop Maddux to 1 - 10 lifetime vs. Arizona