Mets - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Padres . Reyes flied out to center . Milledge struck out swinging . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Sosa pitching for Mets . Giles flied out to center . Giles grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Padres . Wright grounded out to third . Delgado grounded out to second . Lo Duca grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Sosa pitching for Mets . Cameron lined out to left . Bradley walked . Greene doubled to deep left , Bradley to third . Barrett singled to left , Bradley scored , Greene to third , Barrett to second advancing on throw . Kouzmanoff flied out to center . Wells singled to left , Barrett to third . Giles grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Padres . Green struck out swinging . Valentin popped out to shortstop . Sosa doubled to deep center . Reyes reached on infield single to first , Sosa to third . Milledge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Sosa pitching for Mets . Giles walked . Gonzalez singled to right , Giles to second . Cameron flied out to left , Giles to third , Gonzalez to second . Bradley struck out looking . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Padres . Beltran flied out to center . Wright singled to right . Delgado singled to right , Wright to second . Lo Duca singled to left , Wright scored , Delgado to second . Green grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lo Duca out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Sosa pitching for Mets . Barrett struck out swinging . Kouzmanoff fouled out to first . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Padres . Valentin grounded out to third . Sosa walked . Reyes singled to center , Sosa to second . Milledge grounded out to shortstop , Sosa to third , Reyes to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Sosa pitching for Mets . Giles singled to right . Giles caught stealing second , catcher to second . Giles flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Padres . Wright singled to right . Wright caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Delgado grounded out to first . Lo Duca lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Mets . Cameron struck out swinging . Bradley flied out to left . Bell pitching for Padres . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Padres . Green grounded out to third . Gotay hit for Sosa . Valentin struck out looking . Gotay reached on infield single to second . Gotay caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reyes batting . Smith pitching for Mets . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Mets . Barrett singled to center . Cruz Jr hit for Bell . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Kouzmanoff singled to center , Barrett to second . Cruz Jr sacrificed to pitcher , Barrett to third , Kouzmanoff to second , Cruz Jr safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Feliciano . Barrett to third on throwing error by pitcher Felicia . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barrett out at home , Kouzmanoff to third , Cruz Jr to second . Giles grounded out to shortstop , Kouzmanoff scored , Cruz Jr to third , Giles to second . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Linebrink pitching for Padres . Reyes struck out swinging . Milledge lined out to third . Heilman pitching for Mets . Beltran lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Cameron homered to center . Bradley singled to left . Greene struck out swinging , Bradley stole second , Bradley to third on throwing error by catcher Lo Duca . Barrett singled to center , Bradley scored . Branyan hit for Linebrink . Schoeneweis pitching for Mets . Kouzmanoff grounded out to second , Barrett to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Branyan flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Wright singled to right . Delgado grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wright out at second . Lo Duca grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 1 - Padres 5 .	Wells controls himself , Mets in Padres ' victory