Padres - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Astros . Giles walked . Cameron walked , Giles to second . Bradley hit ground rule double to deep right , Giles scored , Cameron to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Cameron scored . Greene singled to left , Bradley to third . Bard singled to left , Bradley scored , Greene to second . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Blum walked , Greene to third , Bard to second . Stauffer singled to left center , Greene and Bard scored , Blum to second . Giles doubled to deep right , Blum and Stauffer scored . Cameron homered to left , Giles scored . Bradley reached on infield single to second . Gonzalez homered to left , Bradley scored . McLemore pitching for Astros . Greene walked . Bard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Greene out at second . 11 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Burke grounded out to third . Loretta flied out to right . Berkman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . McLemore pitching for Astros . Kouzmanoff singled to right . Blum popped out to second . Stauffer struck out swinging . Giles reached on infield single to catcher , Kouzmanoff to second . Cameron doubled to left , Kouzmanoff scored , Giles to third . Bradley flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Lee flied out to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Albers pitching for Astros . Gonzalez popped out to third . Greene fouled out to first . Bard grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Lane popped out to second . Munson homered to right . Albers struck out swinging . Burke flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Albers pitching for Astros . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Blum singled to right . Stauffer struck out swinging . Giles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Loretta walked . Berkman homered to right , Loretta scored . Lee flied out to center . Wigginton flied out to right . Scott homered to right . Lane walked . Munson walked , Lane to second . Palmeiro hit for Albers . Palmeiro singled to center , Lane scored , Munson to second . Hensley pitching for Padres . Burke homered to left , Munson and Palmeiro scored . Loretta lined out to second . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Borkowski pitching for Astros . Cameron doubled to deep center . Bradley singled to right , Cameron scored , Bradley to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Burke . Greene singled to left center , Bradley to third , Gonzalez to second . Bard grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bradley scored on throwing error by pitcher Borkowski , Gonzalez to third , Greene to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to second , Gonzalez scored , Greene to third , Bard to second . Blum intentionally walked . Hairston hit for Hensley . Hairston struck out looking . Giles flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Berkman grounded out to third . Lee doubled to deep left center . Wigginton reached on infield single to first , Lee to third . Scott reached on infield single to first , Lee scored , Wigginton to second , Wigginton to third on throwing error by first baseman Gonzalez . Lane singled to center , Wigginton scored , Scott to second . Munson singled to right , Scott scored , Lane to third . Biggio hit for Borkowski . Brocail pitching for Padres . Biggio popped out to first . Burke popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Astros . Cameron fouled out to catcher . Bradley flied out to left . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Brocail pitching for Padres . Loretta lined out to second . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Greene struck out swinging . Bard singled to left . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Blum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott singled to left . Lane grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scott out at second . Munson singled to center , Lane to second . Lamb hit for Qualls . Lamb singled to left , Lane to third , Munson to second . Burke struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Cruz Jr hit for Meredith . Cruz Jr grounded out to first . Giles lined out to right . Cameron grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Padres . Loretta struck out swinging . Berkman grounded out to second . Lee fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Lidge pitching for Astros . Bradley flied out to left . Gonzalez doubled to right . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Lidge . Greene struck out swinging . Bard doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Kouzmanoff homered to left , Bard scored . Moehler pitching for Astros . Bruntlett in left field . Blum grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Wigginton singled to center . Scott struck out swinging . Lane struck out looking . Munson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 18 - Astros 11 .	Padres pile on 11 runs in first in rout of Astros