Padres - Top 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Giles struck out swinging . Mackowiak flied out to left . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Padres . Eckstein bunt grounded out to first . Taguchi singled to right . Pujols flied out to center . Encarnacion singled to center , Taguchi to third . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Encarnacion out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez homered to center . Ensberg struck out looking . Greene grounded out to third . Bard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Padres . Ludwick grounded out to third . Molina singled to center . Looper struck out bunting foul . Molina to second on wild pitch by Wells , Molina safe at third on error by catcher Bard . Miles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Blum grounded out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to first . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Padres . Eckstein grounded out to third . Taguchi grounded out to first . Pujols doubled to deep right . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Mackowiak singled to center . Cameron popped out to second . Gonzalez popped out to second . Ensberg popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Padres . Rolen grounded out to third . Ludwick flied out to center . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Greene grounded out to second . Bard singled to center . Blum homered to right , Bard scored . Wells struck out swinging . Giles grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Padres . Looper singled to center . Miles reached on infield single to second , Looper to second . Eckstein singled to right , Looper scored , Miles to third . Taguchi singled to center , Miles scored , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to left , Eckstein scored , Taguchi to second . Encarnacion singled to right center , Taguchi scored , Pujols to third . Rolen homered to left , Pujols and Encarnacion scored . Thompson pitching for Padres . Ludwick homered to center . Molina walked . Looper reached on bunt single to pitcher , Molina to third , Looper to second on throwing error by pitcher Thompson . Miles singled to center , Molina scored , Looper to third . Eckstein hit sacrifice fly to center , Looper scored . Taguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . 10 Runs , 10 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Mackowiak flied out to right . Cameron grounded out to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Ensberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hairston in center field . Mackowiak in right field . Giles at second base . Blum in left field . Thompson pitching for Padres . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion lined out to right . Rolen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Greene homered to left . Bard struck out swinging . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Blum fouled out to catcher . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Blum fouled out to catcher . Thompson lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Padres . Ludwick doubled to left . Molina grounded out to third . Duncan hit for Springer . Duncan walked . Miles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duncan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Hairston popped out to second . Mackowiak flied out to center . Giles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Padres . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi lined out to right . Pujols walked . Encarnacion lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez flied out to right . Ensberg singled to right . Greene hit ground rule double to left , Ensberg to third . Bard hit sacrifice fly to center , Ensberg scored . Blum reached on infield single to shortstop , Greene to third . Kouzmanoff hit for Thompson . Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blum out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Cardinals 10 .	Cards ' 10 - hit , 10 - run fifth chases Wells , Padres