Cardinals - Top 1st. Harrell pitching for Astros. Furcal safe at second on error by second baseman Altuve. Descalso grounded out to second, Furcal to third. Holliday grounded out to shortstop, Furcal scored. Craig singled to shallow left center. Freese lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Altuve doubled to shallow left. Lowrie grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center, Altuve scored. Johnson walked, Martinez to second. Wallace walked, Martinez to third, Johnson to second. Martinez scored, Johnson to third, Wallace to second on wild pitch by Garcia. Snyder singled to left, Johnson and Wallace scored. Bogusevic grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Snyder out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Harrell pitching for Astros. Adams grounded out to second. Robinson singled to shallow center. Cruz fouled out to first. Garcia singled to shallow left, Robinson to second. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Harrell struck out swinging. Altuve singled to shallow center. Lowrie grounded out to second, Altuve to second. Maxwell homered to left (377 feet), Altuve scored. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Harrell pitching for Astros. Descalso flied out to center. Holliday lined out to center. Craig reached on infield single to shortstop. Freese doubled to right center, Craig to third. Adams homered to center (445 feet), Craig and Freese scored. Robinson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Johnson lined out to third. Wallace struck out swinging. Snyder singled to left, Snyder out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Cruz singled to left. Cleto struck out bunting foul. Cruz caught stealing second, catcher to second. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Bogusevic homered to right (390 feet). Harrell struck out swinging. Altuve singled to shallow center. Altuve caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lowrie flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Descalso grounded out to second. Holliday lined out to third. Craig grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Maxwell singled to shallow left. Martinez walked, Maxwell to second. Johnson struck out looking. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Wallace struck out swinging. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Harrell pitching for Astros. Freese reached on infield single to shortstop. Adams flied out to right. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Freese out at second. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Freeman pitching for Cardinals. Bogusevic flied out to right. Harrell struck out swinging. Altuve doubled to center. Lowrie safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Freeman, Altuve scored. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Chambers in center field. Maxwell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Astros. Chambers grounded out to pitcher. Furcal grounded out to first. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Cardinals. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep left center. Wallace doubled to right, Johnson scored. Snyder struck out swinging. Bogusevic flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig grounded out to shortstop. Freese grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Martinez hit for Lopez. Martinez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal. Altuve grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Lowrie reached on infield single to third. Maxwell hit by pitch, Lowrie to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Carpenter pitching for Astros. Adams singled to left center. Hill hit for Boggs. Hill struck out swinging. Cruz singled to center, Adams to second. Chambers tripled to deep center, Adams and Cruz scored. Myers pitching for Astros. Furcal homered to right (345 feet), Chambers scored. Beltran hit for Descalso. Beltran popped out to third. Holliday walked. Greene ran for Holliday. Craig grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Astros 9.	Astros build big lead, hold off struggling Cards