Astros - Top 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve flied out to right. Bixler struck out swinging. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Bloomquist grounded out to second. Hill walked. Kubel homered to left (370 feet), Hill scored. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Upton popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez struck out swinging. Francisco grounded out to second. Downs singled to right center. Downs to second on balk by Miley. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Montero grounded out to second. Young flied out to left. Roberts singled to center. Miley reached on infield single to shortstop, Roberts out at home, Roberts to third advancing on play. Miley to second advancing on throw. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Snyder grounded out to third. Keuchel struck out looking. Altuve doubled to right. Bixler fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Bloomquist singled to left. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked, Hill to second. Upton walked, Hill to third, Goldschmidt to second. Montero grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Maxwell hit ground rule double to deep center. Martinez walked. Francisco popped out to second. Downs struck out swinging. Johnson singled to right, Maxwell scored, Martinez to second. Snyder walked, Martinez to third, Johnson to second. Keuchel grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Young doubled to deep left center. Roberts walked. Miley sacrificed to catcher, Young to third, Roberts to second, Miley safe at first on error by pitcher Keuchel. Young to third on error by pitcher Keuchel. Bloomquist hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored, Roberts to third. Hill singled to right, Roberts scored, Miley to second. Kubel homered to right (380 feet), Miley and Hill scored. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Upton tripled to deep left center. Montero lined out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Bixler grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Astros. Young walked. Young stole second. Roberts walked. Young stole third. Roberts stole second. Miley lined out to second. Bloomquist singled to center, Young and Roberts scored. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bloomquist out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez struck out looking. Francisco grounded out to second. Downs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Del Rosario pitching for Astros. Kubel homered to left center (434 feet). Goldschmidt walked. Upton walked, Goldschmidt to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Upton out at second, Goldschmidt to third. Young flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson grounded out to third. Snyder flied out to right. Gonzalez hit for Del Rosario. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Roberts grounded out to third. Miley struck out swinging. Bloomquist singled to right. Wheeler hit for Hill. Wheeler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Wheeler at third base. Parra in right field. Blanco catching. Roberts at second base. Saito pitching for Diamondbacks. Altuve walked. Bixler grounded out to third, Altuve to second. Maxwell reached on infield single to third, Altuve scored. Martinez flied out to right. Francisco lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cruz pitching for Astros. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt doubled to deep left. Parra flied out to center. Blanco doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt scored. Young doubled to deep left, Blanco scored. Roberts flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Downs flied out to center. Johnson doubled to deep left. Snyder grounded out to third. Corporan hit for Cruz. Corporan singled to right, Johnson scored. Altuve reached on infield single to third, Corporan to second. Bixler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Diamondbacks 12.	Kubel blasts 3 HRs as D-backs batter Astros