Astros - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Schafer flied out to right. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Moore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Astros. Morgan safe at first on error by third baseman Moore. Morgan stole second. Gomez walked. Braun grounded out to third, Morgan to third, Gomez to second. Ramirez safe at first on error by third baseman Moore, Morgan scored, Gomez to third. Hart grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Wallace flied out to left. Francisco hit ground rule double to deep left. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Corporan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Weeks singled to deep right, Weeks to third on error by right fielder Bogusevic. Lucroy grounded out to first. Izturis bunted into double play, pitcher to second to catcher, Weeks out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez singled to left. Lyles sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at third, Schafer to second. Altuve singled to right, Schafer scored, Altuve to second advancing on throw. Moore lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Astros. Fiers struck out swinging. Morgan grounded out to first. Gomez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Wallace homered to right center (423 feet). Francisco struck out looking. Bogusevic flied out to right. Corporan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Braun walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. Hart singled to center, Braun to third. Weeks hit by pitch, Hart to second. Lucroy popped out to shortstop. Izturis reached on infield single to second, Braun and Hart scored, Weeks to second, Weeks to second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve. Fiers grounded into fielder's choice to second, Izturis out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Lyles grounded out to shortstop. Schafer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Astros. Morgan singled to right. Gomez singled to right, Morgan to second. Morgan stole third, Gomez stole second. Braun singled to center, Morgan and Gomez scored. Ramirez flied out to right. Braun to second on wild pitch by Lyles. Hart doubled to deep left, Braun scored. Weeks homered to right center (392 feet), Hart scored. Lucroy flied out to center. Izturis homered to right (360 feet). Fiers grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Altuve struck out looking. Moore singled to center. Wallace singled to left, Moore to second. Francisco struck out looking. Moore to third, Wallace to second on wild pitch by Fiers. Bogusevic grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morgan struck out swinging. Gomez grounded out to third. Braun homered to right center (394 feet). Ramirez doubled to deep left. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Fiers pitching for Brewers. Corporan singled to right. Gonzalez singled to center, Corporan to second. Veras pitching for Brewers. Ishikawa at first base. Maxwell hit for Rodriguez. Maxwell flied out to right, Corporan to third. Schafer struck out swinging. Altuve fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Cordero pitching for Astros. Weeks singled to left. Lucroy homered to left (376 feet), Weeks scored. Izturis doubled to deep right. Ishikawa grounded out to first, Izturis to third. Morgan singled to center, Izturis scored. Gomez flied out to center. Braun hit by pitch, Morgan to second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Ransom at second base. Moore hit by pitch. Wallace homered to left center (401 feet), Moore scored. Francisco popped out to third. Bogusevic grounded out to shortstop. Corporan lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Downs at shortstop. Cedeno pitching for Astros. McClendon popped out to first. Ransom struck out looking. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Downs hit by pitch. Pearce hit for Cedeno. Pearce grounded into fielder's choice to third, Downs out at second. Pearce to second on wild pitch by McClendon. Schafer grounded out to second, Pearce to third. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Brewers 13.	Braun hits 29th HR to lift Brewers by Astros