Royals - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Getz safe at first on error by first baseman Young . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Getz out at second . Gordon safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Royals . Kinsler safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , Kinsler to second . Young singled to right , Kinsler scored . Beltre popped out to shortstop . Cruz singled to center , Young to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Francoeur struck out swinging . Betemit popped out to second . Ka'aihue grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Royals . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Moreland grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Pena walked . Escobar sacrificed to pitcher , Pena to second . Getz singled to shallow left , Pena to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Getz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Royals . Kinsler doubled to left . Andrus sacrificed to third , Kinsler to third . Young tripled to deep center , Kinsler scored . Beltre doubled to deep right center , Young scored . Cruz lined out to center . Napoli homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Beltre scored . Murphy struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Butler walked , Gordon to second . Francoeur doubled to deep center , Gordon scored , Butler to third . Betemit singled to right , Butler scored , Francoeur to third . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Pena homered to right ( 370 feet ) , Francoeur and Betemit scored . Escobar struck out looking . Getz grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Royals . Torrealba grounded out to third . Moreland grounded out to second . Kinsler homered to right center ( 421 feet ) . Andrus singled to center . Young singled to right , Andrus to third . Beltre popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Butler struck out swinging . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Francoeur batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Royals . Cruz walked . Wood pitching for Royals . Cruz caught stealing second , catcher to second . Napoli walked . Murphy homered to right ( 416 feet ) , Napoli scored . Torrealba doubled to right . Moreland walked . Adcock pitching for Royals . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to first , Torrealba out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Francoeur struck out swinging . Betemit struck out looking . Ka'aihue doubled to right . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Andrus walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Beltre homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Cruz popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Escobar struck out swinging . Getz bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Adcock pitching for Royals . Napoli walked . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . Torrealba lined out to left . Moreland homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Murphy scored . Kinsler singled to left . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kinsler out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Rangers . Gordon walked . Butler singled to center , Gordon to second . Francoeur walked , Gordon to third , Butler to second . Betemit hit sacrifice fly to right , Gordon scored , Butler to third . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Francoeur stole second . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Jeffress pitching for Royals . Young struck out looking . Beltre singled to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Beltre caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Getz flied out to left . Cabrera reached on infield single to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Rangers 11 .	HRs propel Rangers