Royals - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Hosmer flied out to right . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Pie struck out looking . Jones bunt grounded out to pitcher . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Butler walked . Betemit struck out swinging . Treanor struck out looking . Getz walked , Butler to second . Escobar fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Guerrero singled to center . Wieters grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guerrero out at second . Scott singled to right . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scott out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Gordon hit ground rule double to deep left center . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Gordon to third . Hosmer struck out looking . Francoeur flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Adams grounded out to second . Pie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Butler singled to center . Betemit popped out to second . Treanor grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Jones doubled to deep right . Markakis singled to left center , Jones to third . Guerrero grounded out to third , Jones scored , Markakis to second . Wieters walked . Scott doubled to deep right , Markakis scored , Wieters to third . Wieters scored , Scott to third on wild pitch by Hochevar . Reynolds walked . Hardy singled to center , Scott scored , Reynolds to third . Adams walked , Hardy to second . Pie singled to left , Reynolds scored , Hardy to third , Adams to second . Jones singled to center , Hardy and Adams scored , Pie to third . Markakis popped out to shortstop . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pie scored , Jones safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Wieters grounded out to first . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Getz walked . Escobar grounded out to second , Getz to second . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Getz scored . Hosmer grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Scott grounded out to second . Reynolds popped out to second . Hardy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Orioles . Francoeur flied out to right . Butler singled to center . Betemit singled to left , Butler to second . Treanor flied out to right , Butler to third . Getz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Adams grounded out to shortstop . Pie flied out to right . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left . Hosmer singled to right , Cabrera to second . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Markakis grounded out to first . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Wieters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Butler grounded out to third . Betemit struck out swinging . Treanor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Scott popped out to shortstop . Reynolds homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Hardy popped out to first . Adams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Getz grounded out to second . Escobar lined out to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Orioles 9 .	Jones fuels 8 - run 4th as Orioles blast Royals