Royals - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Gordon grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Paulino pitching for Royals . Izturis flied out to left . Hunter flied out to right . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Francoeur grounded out to third . Butler singled to center . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Treanor lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Wells singled to center . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wells safe at second on error by second baseman Getz . Kendrick singled to right , Wells to third , Callaspo to second . Aybar tripled to right , Wells , Callaspo and Kendrick scored . Branyan walked . Mathis struck out swinging . Izturis hit sacrifice fly to center , Aybar scored . Hunter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Getz singled to center . Escobar doubled to left , Getz to third . Getz scored , Escobar to third on passed ball by Mathis . Gordon grounded out to second , Escobar scored . Cabrera walked . Hosmer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Abreu struck out looking . Wells singled to center . Callaspo flied out to center , Wells to third . Kendrick reached on infield single to second , Wells scored . Kendrick stole second . Aybar popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Francoeur flied out to center . Butler grounded out to third . Moustakas homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Branyan struck out swinging . Mathis struck out looking . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Getz flied out to right . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon walked , Escobar to second . Cabrera singled to right , Escobar scored , Gordon to second . Hosmer grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded out to third . Abreu singled to center . Wells singled to left , Abreu to second . Callaspo flied out to right , Abreu to third . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Francoeur grounded out to third . Butler singled to left . Moustakas walked , Butler to second . Thompson pitching for Angels . Treanor singled to center , Butler scored , Moustakas to third . Getz bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Moustakas out at home , Treanor to second . Escobar walked , Treanor to third , Getz to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Collins pitching for Royals . Aybar grounded out to third . Branyan struck out looking . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Cabrera singled to center . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera to second . Francoeur singled to right , Cabrera thrown out at home , Francoeur to second advancing on throw . Butler intentionally walked . Downs pitching for Angels . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Collins pitching for Royals . Izturis struck out swinging . Hunter walked . Abreu walked , Hunter to second . Crow pitching for Royals . Hunter to third , Abreu to second on wild pitch by Crow . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hunter out at home , Abreu to third . Abreu scored , Wells to second on wild pitch by Crow . Callaspo intentionally walked . Wells stole third . Callaspo stole second . Trumbo ran for Callaspo . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells scored , Trumbo to third . Aybar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Izturis at third base . Bourjos in center field . Wells in left field . Trumbo at first base . Kendrick at second base . Downs pitching for Angels . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . Getz grounded out to pitcher . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Branyan singled to center . Mathis flied out to left . Branyan stole second . Izturis lined into double play , second to shortstop , Branyan doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Gordon singled to center . Cabrera doubled to right , Gordon to third . Hosmer struck out swinging . Francoeur struck out swinging . Butler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Angels 7 .	Angels ' bats return , halt 6 - game skid