Royals - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gordon out at second . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Fukudome walked . Cabrera singled to left , Fukudome to second . Choo struck out swinging . Santana grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hosmer lined out to third . Francoeur grounded out to third . Moustakas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Thome struck out swinging . Duncan reached on infield single to third . Donald grounded out to third , Duncan to second . Hannahan singled to right center , Duncan scored . Marson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Giavotella struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to third . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Fukudome struck out swinging . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Choo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Gordon doubled to deep right center . Cabrera flied out to center . Butler grounded out to third . Hosmer singled to center , Gordon scored . Francoeur singled to center , Hosmer to third . Moustakas doubled to deep right center , Hosmer and Francoeur scored . Giavotella flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Santana flied out to right . Thome walked . Duncan fouled out to left . Donald singled to left center , Thome to second . Hannahan tripled to deep right center , Thome and Donald scored . Marson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Perez singled to right . Escobar sacrificed to pitcher , Perez to second . Gordon walked . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Perez scored , Gordon thrown out at home , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Butler flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Fukudome grounded out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Carrera hit for Choo . Carrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Fukudome in right field . Carrera in center field . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Hosmer grounded out to second . Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop . Francoeur caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Moustakas grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Santana struck out swinging . Thome homered to left center ( 380 feet ) . Crow pitching for Royals . Duncan walked . Donald singled to center , Duncan to second . Hannahan struck out swinging . Marson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Giavotella hit by pitch . Perez grounded out to third , Giavotella to second . Escobar safe at first on error by first baseman Santana , Giavotella to third . Sipp pitching for Indians . Gordon homered to right center ( 413 feet ) , Giavotella and Escobar scored . Cabrera grounded out to third . Butler flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Royals . Fukudome doubled to deep left center . Cabrera doubled to deep center , Fukudome scored . Carrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to third . Santana struck out swinging , Carrera stole second . Collins pitching for Royals . Thome struck out swinging . Coleman pitching for Royals . Duncan fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Hosmer walked . Francoeur grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hosmer out at second . Moustakas singled to center . Smith pitching for Indians . Giavotella struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Getz at second base . Coleman pitching for Royals . Donald singled to left . Hannahan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Donald out at second . Chisenhall hit for Marson . Chisenhall singled to left center . Fukudome walked , Chisenhall to second . Cabrera homered to right ( 400 feet ) , Chisenhall and Fukudome scored . Carrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Santana catching . LaPorta at first base . Perez pitching for Indians . Perez singled to center , Perez to second on error by center fielder Carrera . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Perez out at third . Escobar stole second . Gordon struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 7 - Indians 8 .	Cabrera 's 3 - run HR caps Indians ' comeback \n\n