White Sox - Top 1st . Paulino pitching for Royals . Pierre singled to right . Ramirez singled to left , Pierre to second . Konerko grounded out to third , Pierre to third , Ramirez to second . Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to left , Pierre scored , Ramirez to third . Rios struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Humber pitching for White Sox . Gordon singled to center . Cabrera flied out to center . Gordon stole second . Butler singled to left , Gordon scored , Butler to second on throwing error by left fielder Pierre . Hosmer singled to right , Butler to third , Hosmer out stretching at second . Francoeur singled to left center , Butler scored . Moustakas struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Dunn struck out swinging . De Aza walked . Morel grounded into double play , third to second to first , De Aza out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Humber pitching for White Sox . Giavotella struck out swinging . Perez fouled out to first . Escobar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Beckham walked . Pierre singled to left , Beckham to second . Ramirez sacrificed to pitcher , Beckham to third , Pierre to second . Konerko grounded out to second , Beckham scored , Pierre to third . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Humber pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Butler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Rios flied out to right . Dunn fouled out to second . De Aza singled to center . De Aza caught stealing second , catcher to second . Morel batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Humber pitching for White Sox . Hosmer reached on infield single to third . Hosmer stole second . Francoeur singled to center , Hosmer scored . Moustakas homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Francoeur scored . Giavotella flied out to center . Perez walked . Escobar flied out to left . Gordon grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Morel flied out to center . Beckham singled to center . Beckham to second on balk by Paulino . Pierre grounded out to pitcher , Beckham to third . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Beckham scored . Konerko singled to center , Ramirez to third . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Humber pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to first . Butler struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Rios grounded out to third . Dunn walked . De Aza struck out swinging . Morel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Humber pitching for White Sox . Francoeur reached on infield single to first . Moustakas singled to right , Francoeur to third . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Francoeur scored , Moustakas to second . Perez flied out to right . Escobar flied out to center , Moustakas to third . Gordon walked , Giavotella to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Royals . Beckham singled to center . Pierre safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella , Beckham to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second , Beckham to third . Konerko lined out to third . Pierzynski singled to center , Beckham scored , Ramirez to third . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Butler struck out swinging . Hosmer grounded out to second . Francoeur fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Dunn flied out to center . De Aza singled to center . Morel homered to left ( 386 feet ) , De Aza scored . Beckham flied out to left . Pierre walked . Crow pitching for Royals . Ramirez reached on infield single to second , Pierre to second . Konerko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for White Sox . Moustakas singled to right center . Giavotella struck out swinging . Perez flied out to right . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Moustakas stole second . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Pierzynski struck out swinging , Pierzynski safe at first on wild pitch by Holland . Escobar ran for Pierzynski . Rios flied out to center . Dunn flied out to left . De Aza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Flowers catching . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Gordon singled to right . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Gordon to second . Butler intentionally walked . Getz ran for Butler . Hosmer doubled to deep left , Gordon scored , Getz to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Royals 7 .	Hosmer pushes Royals past White Sox in 9th