White Sox - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Pierre singled to center . Pierre caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Konerko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Butler doubled to deep right . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Pierzynski singled to left . Rios popped out to shortstop . Dunn fouled out to left . Viciedo singled to left , Pierzynski to second . Morel doubled to deep center , Pierzynski and Viciedo scored . Beckham fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Giavotella singled to right . Moustakas fouled out to third . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giavotella out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Pierre struck out swinging . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Navarro grounded out to second . Gordon lined out to pitcher . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Pierzynski flied out to center . Rios walked . Dunn doubled to deep right , Rios scored . Viciedo singled to left , Dunn to third . Morel walked , Viciedo to second . Beckham hit sacrifice fly to left , Dunn scored . Pierre flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Butler grounded out to third . Hosmer singled to center . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hosmer out at second . Giavotella grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Francoeur out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Ramirez struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to center . Pierzynski singled to right center . Rios grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Moustakas doubled to deep right . Pena reached on infield single to second , Moustakas to third . Navarro singled to right , Moustakas scored , Pena to second . Gordon singled to right , Pena to third , Navarro to second . Cabrera lined out to center . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pena scored , Gordon out at second , Navarro to third . Hosmer fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Dunn reached on infield single to third . Viciedo flied out to center . Morel singled to center , Dunn to second . Coleman pitching for Royals . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre singled to right , Dunn to third , Morel to second . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Francoeur safe at first on error by second baseman Beckham . Francoeur stole second . Giavotella tripled to deep right center , Francoeur scored . Moustakas grounded out to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giavotella out at home . Navarro singled to right , Pena to second . Gordon popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Coleman pitching for Royals . Konerko homered to left ( 371 feet ) . Pierzynski homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Rios struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . Viciedo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to left . Crain pitching for White Sox . Cabrera stole second . Butler flied out to left . Hosmer singled to center , Cabrera scored . Francoeur doubled to deep right , Hosmer to third . Giavotella struck out swinging . Sale pitching for White Sox . Moustakas popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Chavez pitching for Royals . Morel struck out swinging . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre walked . Ramirez singled to right , Pierre to second . Konerko singled to left , Pierre scored , Ramirez to third . Pierzynski homered to right ( 373 feet ) , Ramirez and Konerko scored . Rios walked . Dunn struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Sale pitching for White Sox . Pena struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Gordon walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Collins pitching for Royals . Viciedo grounded out to second . Morel struck out looking . Beckham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Santos pitching for White Sox . De Aza in right field . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer singled to center . Francoeur singled to center , Hosmer to third . Giavotella reached on infield single to shortstop , Hosmer scored , Francoeur to second . Moustakas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giavotella out at second , Francoeur to third . Moustakas to second on fielder 's indifference . Pena struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 10 - Royals 5 .	Pierzynski 's two HRs help White Sox end skid