Red Sox - Top 1st . Banuelos pitching for White Sox . Benintendi lined out to center . Betts struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . García singled to shallow right center . Anderson grounded out to third , García to second . Abreu singled to center , García scored . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Banuelos pitching for White Sox . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Chavis flied out to center . Devers grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Moncada singled to center . Rondón struck out looking . Alonso struck out swinging . Cordell reached on infield single to third , Cordell safe at first on error by shortstop Bogaerts , Moncada to second . Delmonico reached on infield single to shortstop , Cordell to second , Moncada to third . García grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Delmonico out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Banuelos pitching for White Sox . Pearce struck out looking . Núñez popped out to first . Vázquez singled to center . Benintendi singled to center , Vázquez to second . Betts doubled to left , Benintendi scored and Vázquez scored . Martinez doubled to deep left center , Betts scored . Bogaerts homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Martinez scored . Chavis homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Devers doubled to right . Pearce singled to left , Devers scored , Pearce to second . Núñez homered to left center ( 409 feet ) , Pearce scored . Vázquez singled to shallow left . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Benintendi walked , Vázquez to second . Betts flied out to right . 9 Runs , 10 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Anderson grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Fulmer pitching for White Sox . Martinez walked . Bogaerts walked , Martinez to second . Chavis singled to right , Martinez scored , Bogaerts to third . Bogaerts scored on error by first baseman Abreu , Devers safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu , Chavis to second . Pearce singled to shallow center , Chavis scored , Devers to second . Núñez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Devers scored on throwing error by first baseman Abreu , Pearce to second . Osich pitching for White Sox . Vázquez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Núñez out at second , Pearce to third . Benintendi doubled to right , Pearce scored . Betts flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Moncada struck out swinging . Rondón struck out looking . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Osich pitching for White Sox . Martinez grounded out to second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Chavis homered to center ( 438 feet ) . Devers singled to left . Pearce flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Cordell walked . Delmonico struck out swinging . García singled to right , Cordell to second . Anderson walked , García to second , Cordell to third . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Núñez struck out swinging . Vázquez singled to deep right . Benintendi singled to center , Vázquez to third . Betts walked , Benintendi to second . Martinez lined out to shortstop . Bogaerts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Moncada struck out swinging . Rondón grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Engel in center field . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Chavis doubled to deep left . Devers struck out swinging . Pearce flied out to right , Chavis to third . Núñez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Thornburg pitching for Red Sox . Thornburg pitching for Red Sox . Alonso flied out to right . Cordell struck out swinging . Delmonico popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Sánchez at second base . Rondón at shortstop . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Vázquez singled to right center . Benintendi grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Vázquez out at second . Betts reached on infield single to shortstop , Betts safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rondón . León hit for Martinez . León singled to left , Betts to second . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . León catching . Tyler Thornburg pitching for Red Sox . Núñez at shortstop . Vázquez at second base . Engel struck out looking . Sánchez struck out looking . Abreu homered to left center ( 423 feet ) . McCann struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Chavis popped out to first . Devers walked . Pearce struck out swinging . Núñez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Velázquez pitching for Red Sox . Moncada struck out swinging . Rondón lined out to second . Alonso walked . Cordell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 15 - White Sox 2 .	Red Sox gets 10 straight hits in 9 - run 3rd , rout ChiSox 15 - 2