Yankees - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge flied out to center . Sánchez walked , LeMahieu to second . Voit doubled to deep left , LeMahieu scored , Sánchez to third . Gregorius doubled to deep right center , Sánchez scored and Voit scored . Encarnación doubled to left , Gregorius scored . Hicks homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Encarnación scored . Brewer pitching for Red Sox . Torres walked . Gardner grounded out to pitcher , Torres to second . LeMahieu struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Betts singled to left . Devers doubled to right , Betts scored . Bogaerts walked . Martinez walked , Bogaerts to second , Devers to third . Benintendi popped out to shortstop . Vázquez hit sacrifice fly to right , Devers scored . Holt singled to right , Bogaerts scored , Martinez to second . Chavis homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Martinez scored and Holt scored . Green pitching for Yankees . Bradley Jr. singled to right . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bradley Jr. out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Judge singled to left center . Sánchez struck out swinging . Voit singled to left , Judge to second . Gregorius grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Voit out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Green pitching for Yankees . Devers doubled to right . Bogaerts lined out to center . Martinez singled to right , Devers to third . Benintendi struck out swinging . Vázquez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wright pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación struck out looking . Hicks lined out to center . Torres singled to left . Gardner homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Torres scored . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Sánchez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Green pitching for Yankees . Holt lined out to left . Chavis flied out to right . Bradley Jr. singled to left . Hale pitching for Yankees . Betts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Shawaryn pitching for Red Sox . Voit doubled to deep center . Gregorius walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . Hicks flied out to left . Torres singled to left center , Gregorius to second , Voit to third . Gardner walked , Voit scored , Torres to second , Gregorius to third . LeMahieu doubled to deep left , Gardner scored , Gregorius scored and Torres scored . Judge homered to right ( 375 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Sánchez struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Devers flied out to center . Bogaerts singled to right . Martinez lined out to shortstop . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Benintendi fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Shawaryn pitching for Red Sox . Voit doubled to deep left center . Urshela ran for Voit . Urshela to third on wild pitch by Shawaryn . Urshela to third on wild pitch by Shawaryn . Gregorius singled to shallow center , Urshela scored . Encarnación struck out swinging . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Hicks singled to center , Gregorius to second . Hicks to second on wild pitch by Taylor , Gregorius to third on wild pitch by Taylor . Hicks to second on wild pitch by Taylor , Gregorius to third on wild pitch by Taylor . Hicks to second on wild pitch by Taylor , Gregorius to third on wild pitch by Taylor . Torres walked . Gardner struck out looking . LeMahieu singled to left center , Gregorius scored and Hicks scored , Torres to second . Judge flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . LeMahieu at first base . Urshela at third base . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Vázquez grounded out to catcher . Holt grounded out to shortstop . Chavis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Brasier pitching for Red Sox . Sánchez flied out to center . Urshela lined out to pitcher . Gregorius flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Bradley Jr. homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Betts struck out looking . Devers grounded out to third . Bogaerts struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hernández at second base . Travis in left field . Vázquez at third base . Hernández at second base . Velázquez pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación struck out swinging . Hicks struck out looking . Torres grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Tauchman in right field . Romine catching . Cortes Jr. pitching for Yankees . Martinez struck out looking . Travis lined out to right . Vázquez singled to deep center . León reached on infield single to third , Vázquez to second . Chavis homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Vázquez scored and León scored . Bradley Jr. singled to right . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Betts walked , Bradley Jr. to second . Betts to second on wild pitch by Kahnle , Bradley Jr. to third on wild pitch by Kahnle . Betts to second on wild pitch by Kahnle , Bradley Jr. to third on wild pitch by Kahnle . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop , Bradley Jr. scored , Betts to third . Bogaerts walked , Betts scored on Kahnle wild pitch , Hernández to second . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Martinez doubled to right , Hernández scored , Bogaerts to third . Travis fouled out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Núñez at shortstop . Velazquez pitching for Red Sox . Gardner flied out to center . LeMahieu lined out to pitcher . Tauchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Vázquez flied out to right . León singled to left . Chavis walked , León to second . Britton pitching for Yankees . Bradley Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chavis out at second , León to third . Betts walked , Bradley Jr. to second . Hernández grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Romine grounded out to second . Urshela doubled to deep center . Gregorius grounded out to second , Urshela to third . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Núñez grounded out to third . Martinez singled to deep left center . Travis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 17 - Red Sox 13 .	Ye Olde Slugfest : Yanks top Red Sox 17 - 13 in MLB Euro debut