Red Sox - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Rangers . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Devers singled to left . Devers to second on wild pitch by Volquez . Bogaerts singled to right , Devers scored . Bogaerts to second on wild pitch by Volquez . Martinez singled to center , Bogaerts scored . Moreland grounded out to second , Martinez to second . Benintendi singled to shallow right center , Martinez to third . Vázquez walked , Benintendi to second . Bradley Jr. doubled to deep center , Martinez scored and Benintendi scored , Vázquez to third . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Hernández flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus doubled to deep left center . Calhoun reached on infield single to first , Andrus to third . Solak struck out swinging . Santana walked , Calhoun to second . Odor walked , Andrus scored , Santana to second , Calhoun to third . Heineman singled to center , Calhoun scored and Santana scored , Odor to second . Trevino singled to left center , Odor scored , Heineman to third . Kiner - Falefa lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Betts homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Devers flied out to left . Bogaerts singled to center . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bogaerts out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . DeShields tripled to deep right . Andrus fouled out to right , DeShields scored . Calhoun struck out looking . Solak grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Moreland doubled to deep right . Benintendi grounded out to shortstop , Moreland to third . Vázquez grounded out to third . Moreland scored on error by second baseman Odor , Bradley Jr. safe at first on error by second baseman Odor . Bradley Jr. caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ariel Jurado pitches to Marco Hernandez . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernández in right field . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Santana grounded out to third . Odor struck out swinging . Heineman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Jurado pitching for Rangers . Hernández reached on infield single to catcher . Hernández singled to right , Hernández to second . Devers doubled to left , Hernández scored , Hernández to third . Bogaerts hit sacrifice fly to center , Hernández scored , Devers to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Martin pitching for Rangers . Moreland grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Trevino flied out to left . Kiner - Falefa singled to right . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus singled to left center , Kiner - Falefa to second . Andrus to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez , Kiner - Falefa to third on wild pitch by Rodríguez . Calhoun walked . Solak grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Benintendi singled to right center . Benintendi to second on wild pitch by Martin . Vázquez walked . Bradley Jr. safe at first on error by first baseman Santana , Vázquez to second , Benintendi to third . Hernández struck out looking . Kelley pitching for Rangers . Hernández hit sacrifice fly to center , Benintendi scored , Bradley Jr. to second , Vázquez to third . Devers intentionally walked . Bogaerts walked . Martinez singled to left , Bradley Jr. scored and Devers scored , Bogaerts to second . Moreland flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Santana singled to right . Odor homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Santana scored . Heineman flied out to right . Trevino grounded out to third . Kiner - Falefa singled to right center . DeShields singled to right , Kiner - Falefa to third . DeShields caught stealing second , catcher to second . Eduardo Rodriguez pitches to Elvis Andrus . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Benintendi lined out to center . Vázquez grounded out to third . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Andrus singled to center . Calhoun singled to center , Andrus to third . Solak popped out to second . Santana hit sacrifice fly to left , Andrus scored . Odor walked , Calhoun to second . Heineman singled to right , Calhoun scored , Odor to third . Trevino flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Springs pitching for Rangers . Hernández grounded out to third . Hernández flied out to center . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Cashner pitching for Red Sox . Kiner - Falefa doubled to left . DeShields struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa to third on wild pitch by Cashner . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right , Kiner - Falefa scored . Calhoun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Clase pitching for Rangers . Bogaerts lined out to center . Martinez struck out swinging . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Solak walked . Santana walked , Solak to second . Odor struck out swinging . Heineman struck out looking . Trevino lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Montero pitching for Rangers . Benintendi flied out to left . Vázquez singled to center . Bradley Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vázquez out at second . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Kiner - Falefa lined out to right . DeShields grounded out to third . Andrus walked . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 12 - Rangers 10 .	Rodriguez labors for 19th win as Red Sox beat Rangers 12 - 10