Rockies - Top 1st. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Fowler fouled out to left. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Helton walked. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to second. Kotchman doubled to deep left center. Jones struck out swinging. McCann singled to deep center, Kotchman scored, McCann out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Iannetta grounded out to second. Smith fouled out to catcher. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Anderson flied out to center. Johnson singled to left. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson safe at second on error by second baseman Barmes. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Francoeur out at second, Johnson to third. Jurrjens reached on infield single to second, Johnson scored, Schafer to second. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Schafer to third, Jurrjens to second. Kotchman singled to left, Schafer scored, Jurrjens to third, Escobar to second. Jones walked, Jurrjens scored, Escobar to third, Kotchman to second. McCann flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Barmes doubled to deep left. Hammel sacrificed to pitcher, Barmes to third. Fowler walked. Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to right, Barmes scored. Helton singled to center, Fowler to third. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Anderson singled to right. Johnson singled to left, Anderson to third, Johnson to second advancing on throw. Francoeur grounded out to third. Schafer singled to right, Anderson and Johnson scored, Schafer to second advancing on throw. Schafer to third on wild pitch by Hammel. Jurrjens flied out to center, Schafer thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Iannetta walked. Iannetta to second on wild pitch by Jurrjens. Smith struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to right, Iannetta to third. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to third. Kotchman flied out to left. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Hammel grounded out to second. Fowler reached on infield single to second. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. McCann struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. Johnson singled to center. Johnson stole second. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Hawpe flied out to left. Iannetta struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Schafer grounded out to shortstop. Jurrjens fouled out to first. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Jurrjens pitching for Braves. Stewart struck out looking. Barmes grounded out to third. Atkins hit for Hammel. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to right center. McCann struck out swinging. Anderson singled to left center, Jones to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Fowler walked. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fowler out at second. Helton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Francoeur hit by pitch. Schafer struck out swinging. Norton hit for Soriano. Norton flied out to left. Escobar hit by pitch, Francoeur to second. Kotchman doubled to deep right center, Francoeur and Escobar scored. Jones grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Braves. Hawpe fouled out to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. Spilborghs hit for Smith. Spilborghs walked. Spilborghs to second on fielder's indifference. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Braves 8.	Jurrjens pitches Kotchman, Braves past Rockies