Rockies - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Fowler struck out swinging. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Infante singled to right. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Infante out at second. Jones singled to right. Prado lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Hawpe struck out swinging. Spilborghs lined out to center. Atkins safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Diaz tripled to deep right. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right, Diaz scored. Ross popped out to first. Schafer struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Quintanilla struck out swinging. De La Rosa grounded out to third. Fowler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Vazquez grounded out to second. Infante walked. Escobar walked, Infante to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Barmes flied out to center. Helton safe at first on error by third baseman Jones. Hawpe walked, Helton to second. Spilborghs singled to left center, Helton scored, Hawpe to second. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Spilborghs out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Prado walked. Diaz walked, Prado to second. Francoeur hit by pitch, Prado to third, Diaz to second. Ross walked, Prado scored, Diaz to third, Francoeur to second. Schafer hit sacrifice fly to right, Diaz scored, Francoeur to third. Vazquez sacrificed to catcher, Ross to second. Infante reached on infield single to shortstop, Francoeur scored, Ross to third. Escobar homered to right, Ross and Infante scored. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Jones walked. Prado singled to left, Jones to second. Diaz singled to center, Jones scored, Prado to third. Francoeur singled to deep right, Prado scored, Diaz to third. Ross singled to right, Diaz scored, Francoeur to third. Schafer struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Infante at third base. Johnson at second base. Vazquez pitching for Braves. Torrealba reached on infield single to shortstop. Quintanilla grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. Belisle grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quintanilla out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Infante flied out to center. Escobar singled to center. Johnson lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Bennett pitching for Braves. Fowler grounded out to second. Barmes flied out to right. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Stewart at third base. Smith in left field. Spilborghs in right field. Atkins at first base. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Prado struck out looking. Diaz singled to right. Francoeur safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart, Diaz to second. Ross struck out swinging. Schafer singled to center, Diaz scored, Francoeur to second. Bennett safe at first on error by third baseman Stewart, Francoeur scored, Schafer to third. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Infante hit by pitch, Bennett to second. Kotchman ran for Infante. Escobar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Kotchman at first base. Prado at third base. Bennett pitching for Braves. Smith struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out looking. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Johnson flied out to right. Prado hit ground rule double to deep left. Diaz grounded out to third. Francoeur popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Braves. Torrealba grounded out to third. Quintanilla singled to left center. Murton hit for Corpas. Murton walked, Quintanilla to second. Fowler struck out looking. Barmes doubled to deep center, Quintanilla and Murton scored. Stewart flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs in center field. Murton in right field. Ross flied out to center. Schafer struck out swinging. Reyes singled to deep left. Norton ran for Reyes. Kotchman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Smith walked. Spilborghs doubled to deep center, Smith scored. Atkins lined out to center. Torrealba struck out swinging. Quintanilla struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Braves 12.	Braves ride nine-run fourth inning past Rockies