Dodgers - Top 1st. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Loretta walked. Hudson grounded out to shortstop, Loretta to second. Loney singled to left, Loretta scored. Martin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Fowler singled to shallow center. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fowler out at second. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Ethier singled to left center. Kemp reached on infield single to third, Ethier to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kemp out at second, Ethier to third, Ethier scored on error by pitcher Jimenez. Kershaw sacrificed to catcher, Castro to second. Pierre struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Murton struck out looking. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Atkins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Loretta grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to second. Loney struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Barmes walked. Phillips walked, Barmes to second. Jimenez sacrificed to pitcher, Barmes to third, Phillips to second. Barmes scored, Phillips to third on balk by Kershaw. Fowler walked. Fowler caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tulowitzki popped out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Martin grounded out to third. Ethier singled to left. Kemp singled to center, Ethier to second. Castro grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kemp out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Helton fouled out to third. Murton doubled to center. Spilborghs homered to left, Murton scored. Atkins reached on infield single to pitcher. Barmes struck out looking. Phillips flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Kershaw struck out looking. Pierre doubled to deep right. Loretta lined into double play, pitcher to second, Pierre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Jimenez grounded out to second. Fowler struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hudson out at second. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Helton lined out to third. Murton flied out to center. Spilborghs walked. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spilborghs out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. Kemp walked. Castro singled to shallow right, Kemp to second. Blake hit for Kershaw. Blake struck out swinging. Pierre singled to right, Kemp scored, Castro to third. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Stewart at third base. Loretta singled to shallow center, Castro scored, Pierre to third. Hudson walked, Loretta to second. Flores pitching for Rockies. Loney doubled to deep right center, Pierre, Loretta and Hudson scored. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Blake at third base. Barmes struck out swinging. Phillips fouled out to third. Stewart walked. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Rockies. Ethier hit by pitch. Kemp flied out to right. Ethier stole second. Castro popped out to second. Blake walked. Pierre singled to center, Ethier scored, Blake to third. Belisario grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Helton flied out to left. Murton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Loney lined out to first. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Spilborghs singled to center. Smith hit for Street. Ohman pitching for Dodgers. Spilborghs to second on fielder's indifference. Smith tripled to deep right center, Spilborghs scored. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Barmes struck out swinging. Phillips doubled to left, Smith scored. Stewart walked. Fowler walked, Phillips to third, Stewart to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Helton walked, Phillips scored, Stewart to third, Fowler to second. Hawpe hit for Murton. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 8 - Rockies 6.	Dodgers rally, withstand Rockies charge in ninth