Mariners - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan struck out swinging. Beltre doubled to deep center. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Fowler singled to center. Barmes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fowler out at second. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to catcher, Lopez to second. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Marquis. Burke walked. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lopez out at home, Burke to second. Morrow grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Hawpe singled to left center. Stewart grounded out to first, Hawpe to second. Tulowitzki walked, Hawpe to third on passed ball. Tulowitzki batting. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki stole second. Iannetta walked. Marquis walked, Hawpe scored, Tulowitzki to third, Iannetta to second. Fowler grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Suzuki grounded out to second. Branyan flied out to left. Beltre doubled to deep left. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton doubled to right. Hawpe struck out swinging. Stewart walked. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Lopez singled to center. Betancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. Burke grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez lined out to third. Iannetta walked. Marquis fouled out to catcher. Fowler singled to right, Iannetta to second. Barmes lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Gutierrez grounded out to third. Jakubauskas flied out to right. Suzuki reached on infield single to third. Suzuki stole second. Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Marquis. Branyan walked. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki scored, Branyan to second. Griffey Jr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe grounded out to first. Stewart singled to left center. Stewart caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tulowitzki batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Lopez lined out to first. Betancourt grounded out to pitcher. Burke grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Jakubauskas pitching for Mariners. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez flied out to center. Iannetta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Gutierrez flied out to center. Balentien hit for Jakubauskas. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher. Branyan walked, Suzuki to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Mariners. Smith hit for Marquis. Smith singled to right. Fowler sacrificed to third, Smith to second. Barmes flied out to right, Smith to third. Helton singled to right, Smith scored. Hawpe doubled to deep center, Helton scored. Stewart grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Griffey Jr walked. Chavez ran for Griffey Jr. Lopez homered to left, Chavez scored. Betancourt flied out to right. Burke struck out looking. Gutierrez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Chavez in left field. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to pitcher, Tulowitzki to second on throwing error by pitcher Lowe. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tulowitzki to third on throwing error by pitcher Lowe. Iannetta hit sacrifice fly to right, Tulowitzki scored. Spilborghs hit for Corpas. Spilborghs walked, Gonzalez to second. Fowler walked, Gonzalez to third, Spilborghs to second. Barmes hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored, Spilborghs to third, Fowler to second on throwing error by center fielder Gutierrez. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Sweeney hit for Lowe. Sweeney singled to center. Cedeno ran for Sweeney. Suzuki flied out to left. Branyan singled to right, Cedeno to third. Beltre struck out swinging. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rockies 5.	Iannetta rallies Rockies to 10th straight win