Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew popped out to shortstop. Romero singled to center. Upton grounded out to shortstop, Romero to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler popped out to shortstop. Barmes homered to left. Helton singled to right. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Montero grounded out to third. Parra reached on infield single to shortstop. Tracy lined out to left. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart struck out swinging. Iannetta popped out to second. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second. Cook flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Petit struck out swinging. Drew tripled to deep left. Romero grounded out to third. Upton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Petit pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler walked. Barmes doubled to right, Fowler scored. Helton popped out to shortstop. Hawpe reached on infield single to first, Barmes to third. Hawpe to second on wild pitch by Petit. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Barmes out at home, Hawpe to third. Stewart doubled to deep right, Hawpe and Tulowitzki scored. Iannetta flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Reynolds homered to left. Montero doubled to deep left. Montero caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third to shortstop. Parra singled to center. Tracy singled to left, Parra to second. Ojeda flied out to left. Clark hit for Petit. Clark fouled out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Cook grounded out to first. Fowler lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Drew doubled to deep center. Romero doubled to deep center, Drew scored. Upton grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop, Romero to third. Montero grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes flied out to right. Helton singled to center. Hawpe doubled to deep center, Helton thrown out at home, Hawpe to third advancing on throw. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Parra safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cook. Embree pitching for Rockies. Tracy grounded out to first, Parra scored. Ojeda popped out to shortstop. Scherzer hit for Boyer. Scherzer fouled out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart grounded out to first. Iannetta flied out to right. Gonzalez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Embree pitching for Rockies. Drew walked. Romero bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Drew out at second. Rincon pitching for Rockies. Upton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Romero out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Spilborghs hit for Rincon. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Fowler walked. Fowler stole second. Barmes fouled out to first. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Reynolds popped out to shortstop. Montero doubled to deep right. Parra doubled to deep left, Montero scored. Tracy intentionally walked. Lopez hit for Ojeda. Lopez walked, Parra to third, Tracy to second. Young hit for Schoeneweis. Young doubled to deep left, Parra, Tracy and Lopez scored. Flores pitching for Rockies. Drew homered to right, Young scored. Romero struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lopez at second base. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Stewart singled to left, Hawpe to second. Iannetta flied out to right. Atkins hit for Gonzalez. Atkins walked, Hawpe to third, Stewart to second. Smith hit for Flores. Smith singled to center, Hawpe and Stewart scored, Atkins to second. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler singled to left, Atkins scored, Smith to second. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Daley pitching for Rockies. Smith in left field. Reynolds flied out to center. Montero walked. Parra doubled to left, Montero to third. Tracy intentionally walked. Lopez singled to right, Montero and Parra scored, Tracy to second. Qualls struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton flied out to right. Hawpe grounded out to pitcher. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 11 - Rockies 7.	Young's 3-run double spurs D-backs vs. Rockies