Diamondbacks - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Drew struck out swinging. Roberts flied out to center. Upton reached on infield single to pitcher, Upton to second on throwing error by pitcher De La Rosa. Reynolds intentionally walked. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler struck out swinging. Barmes singled to left. Barmes stole second. Helton walked. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to second, Helton out at second, Barmes to third. Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center, Barmes and Hawpe scored, Tulowitzki thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Young struck out looking. Carlin grounded out to shortstop. Ojeda grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart doubled to deep right. Smith lined out to right. Iannetta singled to right, Stewart to third. De La Rosa sacrificed to third, Stewart scored, Iannetta to second. Fowler homered to left, Iannetta scored. Barmes grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Davis struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Roberts hit ground rule double to deep center. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to first. Hawpe walked. Hawpe stole second. Tulowitzki walked. Stewart walked, Hawpe to third, Tulowitzki to second. Smith singled to deep center, Hawpe and Tulowitzki scored, Stewart to second. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Iannetta flied out to right, Stewart to third. De La Rosa singled to left, Stewart scored, Smith thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Reynolds homered to left. Parra singled to center. Young popped out to second. Carlin lined out to shortstop. Ojeda grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Fowler walked. Fowler stole second. Barmes reached on infield single to second, Fowler to third. Helton singled to right, Fowler scored, Barmes to third. Hawpe grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Helton out at second. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Whitesell hit for Boyer. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Whitesell grounded out to first. Drew flied out to center. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart struck out looking. Smith flied out to center. Iannetta homered to left. De La Rosa singled to left. Fowler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Upton popped out to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Romero in right field. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton lined out to center. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Young popped out to first. Carlin struck out looking. Ojeda grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Stewart walked. Smith fouled out to third. Stewart to second on wild pitch by Rosales. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Barmes at shortstop. Gonzalez in right field. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Quintanilla at second base. Tracy hit for Rosales. Tracy doubled to deep center. Drew doubled to deep right, Tracy scored. Roberts flied out to right, Drew to third. Romero doubled to deep right, Drew scored. Reynolds walked. Morales pitching for Rockies. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy at first base. Quintanilla flied out to left. Fowler struck out swinging. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Young tripled to deep left. Carlin reached on infield single to second, Young scored. Ojeda struck out swinging. Tracy grounded out to shortstop, Carlin to third. Drew homered to right, Carlin scored. Roberts walked. Roberts to second on fielder's indifference. Romero grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Rockies 10.	De La Rosa beats D-backs for 5th straight win