Mets - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Nimmo walked. Alonso hit by pitch, Nimmo to second. Canó flied out to center, Nimmo to third. Conforto grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Alonso out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Matz pitching for Mets. McCutchen safe at first on error by shortstop Rosario. Segura doubled to deep right, McCutchen to third. Harper hit by pitch. Realmuto doubled to deep center, McCutchen scored and Segura scored, Harper to third. Kingery homered to left (374 feet), Harper scored and Realmuto scored. Hernández walked. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Altherr safe at first on error by shortstop Rosario, Hernández safe at second on error by shortstop Rosario. Franco homered to center (420 feet), Hernández scored and Altherr scored. Lagares in center field. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Pivetta struck out swinging. McCutchen doubled to left. Segura grounded out to third, McCutchen to third. Harper walked. Realmuto doubled to deep left, Harper scored and McCutchen scored, Realmuto safe at third on throwing error by left fielder McNeil. Kingery grounded out to shortstop. 10 Runs, 6 Hits, 5 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Knapp at first base. Kingery at shortstop. Franco at third base. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Ramos homered to right center (360 feet). McNeil singled to right center. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McNeil out at second. Davis singled to shallow center, Rosario to second. Gagnon sacrificed to catcher, Davis to second, Rosario to third. Lagares grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Hernández lined out to center. Altherr grounded out to third. Franco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Canó struck out swinging. Conforto homered to left center (380 feet). Ramos lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Pivetta struck out swinging. McCutchen lined out to right. Knapp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. McNeil doubled to left. Rosario struck out looking. Davis singled to left, McNeil to third. Gagnon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Harper popped out to third. Realmuto homered to center (420 feet). Kingery singled to center. Kingery to second on wild pitch by Gagnon. Hernández popped out to third. Altherr lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Alonso walked. Canó doubled to deep center, Alonso to third. Conforto walked. Ramos hit sacrifice fly to center, Alonso scored. McNeil grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Franco flied out to right. Williams hit for Pivetta. Williams struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. Gagnon lined out to center. Lagares struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Gagnon pitching for Mets. Knapp flied out to left. Harper singled to right. Realmuto safe at first on error by third baseman Davis, Harper to second. Kingery doubled to left, Realmuto scored and Harper scored. Hernández doubled to right, Kingery scored. Sewald pitching for Mets. Altherr flied out to center. Franco fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Alonso struck out swinging. Canó singled to right. Conforto popped out to third. Ramos grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Broxton in left field. Broxton in left field. Sewald pitching for Mets. Eickhoff flied out to left. McCutchen singled to left. Knapp doubled to deep left, McCutchen to third. Herrera hit for Harper. Herrera flied out to left. Realmuto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Herrera in center field. Altherr in right field. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Do. Smith singled to left. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Do. Smith out at second. Davis grounded out to third, Rosario to second. Sewald grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Sewald pitching for Mets. Kingery hit by pitch. Hernández walked, Kingery to second. Altherr flied out to left. Franco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Lagares struck out looking. Broxton struck out swinging. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 3 - Phillies 14.	Kingery, Realmuto pace Phillies in 14-3 win over Mets