Nationals - Top 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Eaton singled to right. Dozier singled to right, Eaton to third. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Eaton scored, Dozier out at second. Adams singled to deep right. Gomes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Segura singled to left. Harper doubled to deep left center, Segura to third. Hoskins walked. Realmuto hit sacrifice fly to right, Segura scored on throwing error by right fielder Eaton, Hoskins safe at second on throwing error by right fielder Eaton, Harper to third. Franco flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Kieboom struck out swinging. Stevenson lined out to shortstop. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rodríguez singled to right. Gosselin grounded out to first, Rodríguez to second. Arrieta struck out looking. McCutchen walked. Segura doubled to center, Rodríguez scored, McCutchen to third. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Corbin struck out swinging. Eaton struck out looking. Dozier homered to left (394 feet). Kendrick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick at first base. Difo at third base. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Hoskins safe at first on error by third baseman Difo. Realmuto grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hoskins out at second. Franco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Difo lined out to right. Gomes walked. Kieboom struck out looking. Stevenson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Robles in center field. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rodríguez grounded out to third. Gosselin singled to left. Arrieta sacrificed to third, Gosselin to second. McCutchen singled to left, Gosselin scored, McCutchen to second. Segura flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Robles singled to center. Corbin grounded out to second, Robles to third. Eaton hit sacrifice fly to center, Robles scored. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Kendrick grounded out to third. Difo flied out to left. Gomes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Franco safe at second on throwing error by catcher Gomes. Rodríguez walked. Gosselin flied out to center, Rodríguez to second, Franco to third. Hernández hit for Arrieta. Hernández struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Kieboom reached on infield single to third. Stevenson reached on bunt single to catcher, Kieboom to second. Robles sacrificed, Kieboom scored and Stevenson scored, Robles to second. Corbin struck out swinging. Eaton flied out to left. Dozier popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper walked, Segura to second. Hoskins doubled to shallow left, Segura scored, Harper to third. Realmuto doubled to deep right, Harper scored and Hoskins scored. Franco grounded out to third, Realmuto to third. Rodríguez doubled to deep right center, Realmuto scored. Rodríguez to third on wild pitch by Ross. Gosselin doubled to left, Rodríguez scored. Herrera hit for Nicasio. Sipp pitching for Nationals. Herrera flied out to right. McCutchen popped out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. McCutchen in left field. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Herrera in center field. Kendrick grounded out to third. Difo reached on bunt single to catcher. Gomes flied out to left. Kieboom singled to left center, Difo to third. Suzuki hit for Stevenson. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Suzuki homered to left (358 feet), Difo scored and Kieboom scored. Robles homered to right (370 feet). Ad. Sánchez hit for Sipp. Ad. Sánchez grounded out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Barraclough pitching for Nationals. Ad. Sánchez in left field. Segura flied out to center. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Álvarez pitching for Phillies. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Dozier hit by pitch. Kendrick singled to right, Dozier to third. Difo bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Kendrick to second, Dozier out at home in rundown. Gomes singled to center, Kendrick scored, Difo to third. Kieboom intentionally walked, Gomes to second. Scherzer hit for Barraclough. Scherzer grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Doolittle pitching for Nationals. Realmuto flied out to right. Franco singled to right. Rodríguez walked, Franco to second. Knapp hit for Ramos. Knapp flied out to center. Herrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 10 - Phillies 8.	Suzuki, Robles homer in 8th to lead Nationals past Phillies