Phillies - Top 1st. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Hernández flied out to center. Segura lined out to right. Harper flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Carpenter flied out to right. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Hoskins struck out swinging. Realmuto grounded out to third. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Ozuna flied out to left. Martínez flied out to center. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Williams singled to shallow right center. Franco fouled out to first. Eickhoff sacrificed to third, Williams to second. Hernández popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Fowler flied out to left. Muñoz reached on infield single to catcher. Flaherty struck out looking, Muñoz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Segura safe at first on throwing error by shortstop DeJong. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Segura out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Carpenter popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. DeJong grounded into fielder's choice to second, Goldschmidt out at second. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJong out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Flaherty pitching for Cardinals. Realmuto walked. Herrera doubled to center, Realmuto scored. Williams singled to left, Herrera to third. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Herrera scored, Franco safe at first on error by third baseman Carpenter, Williams safe at second on error by third baseman Carpenter. Eickhoff sacrificed to third, Franco to second, Williams to third. Hernández doubled to left, Franco scored and Williams scored. Segura fouled out to first. Harper walked. Hoskins walked, Harper to second, Hernández to third. Realmuto popped out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Martínez struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. Fowler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Herrera grounded out to first. Williams grounded out to first. Franco lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Muñoz grounded out to first. Gyorko hit for Webb. Gyorko walked. Carpenter flied out to center. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Eickhoff struck out looking. Hernández homered to right (399 feet). Segura grounded out to shortstop. Harper struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. DeJong walked. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeJong out at second. Martínez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Hoskins flied out to right. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Eickhoff pitching for Phillies. Molina hit ground rule double to deep right. Fowler popped out to third. Muñoz singled to left center, Molina to third. Bader hit for Gallegos. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to third, Muñoz to third, Molina out at home in rundown. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Gregerson pitching for Cardinals. Williams lined out to right. Franco grounded out to pitcher. Gosselin hit for Eickhoff. Gosselin singled to center. Hernández singled to center, Gosselin to second. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Dominguez pitching for Phillies. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. DeJong struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Cardinals 0.	Eickhoff allows 3 hits in 8 innings, Phillies blank Cards