Phillies - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Royals. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Segura grounded out to third. Harper singled to left. Hoskins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Merrifield popped out to shortstop. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Royals. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Herrera grounded out to first. Hernández grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Dozier singled to center. Soler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dozier out at second. O'Hearn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Royals. Franco struck out looking. Knapp walked. McCutchen singled to right center, Knapp to second. McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Keller, Knapp to third on wild pitch by Keller. Segura walked. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins singled to center, Knapp scored and McCutchen scored, Hoskins to second, Segura to third. Segura scored, Hoskins to third on passed ball by Maldonado. Realmuto struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Gutiérrez grounded out to pitcher. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Maldonado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Royals. Herrera doubled to left. Hernández hit by pitch. Franco flied out to left. Knapp walked, Hernández to second, Herrera to third. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Herrera scored, Knapp safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Dozier, Hernández out at third. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Merrifield struck out looking. Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop. Mondesi stole second. Gordon grounded out to second, Mondesi to third. Dozier hit by pitch. Soler hit by pitch, Dozier to second. O'Hearn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Royals. Harper grounded out to third. Hoskins lined out to third. Realmuto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop. Owings struck out looking. Maldonado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Keller pitching for Royals. Herrera tripled to deep center. Hernández walked. Sparkman pitching for Royals. Franco singled to center, Herrera scored, Hernández to second. Knapp grounded into fielder's choice to first, Franco out at second in rundown, Hernández to third. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop, Hernández scored, Knapp to second. Segura lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Merrifield singled to center. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Merrifield out at second. Gordon grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mondesi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Lovelady pitching for Royals. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins fouled out to first. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Soler grounded out to shortstop. O'Hearn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Herrera grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Franco walked, Hernández to second. Knapp grounded out to pitcher, Franco to second, Hernández to third. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop. Owings struck out looking. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Segura singled to right. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, Segura out at second in rundown. Hoskins walked, Harper to second. Realmuto singled to deep right, Hoskins to second, Harper to third. Herrera struck out swinging. Hernández reached on infield single to first, Harper scored, Realmuto to second, Hoskins to third. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Realmuto out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Merrifield grounded out to third. Mondesi struck out looking. Gordon doubled to deep center. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Royals 0.	Eflin 1st in MLB with 2 complete games, Phils top Royals 7-0