Brewers - Top 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Cain singled to left. Yelich hit by pitch, Cain to second. Braun singled to left, Cain scored, Yelich to second. Moustakas grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Braun out at second, Yelich to third. Aguilar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. McCutchen struck out looking. Segura homered to center (404 feet). Harper flied out to center. Hoskins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Hiura grounded out to second. Piña grounded out to shortstop. Arcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Realmuto singled to center. Hernández walked, Realmuto to second. Rodríguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernández out at second, Realmuto to third. Gosselin lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez walked. Cain walked, Gonzalez to second. Yelich reached on infield single to first, Cain to second, Gonzalez to third. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich to second, Cain to third, Gonzalez out at home. Moustakas walked, Cain scored, Braun to second, Yelich to third. Aguilar singled to center, Braun scored and Yelich scored, Moustakas to second. Hiura flied out to right. Piña grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Arrieta singled to center. McCutchen popped out to third. Segura flied out to center. Harper doubled to left center, Arrieta to third. Hoskins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Arcia grounded out to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Grandal catching. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Realmuto singled to right center. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Realmuto out at second. Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Yelich struck out looking. Braun singled to center. Braun scored on error by center fielder McCutchen, Moustakas safe at second on error by center fielder McCutchen. Aguilar grounded out to first, Moustakas to third. Hiura grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Gosselin flied out to right. Arrieta grounded out to second. McCutchen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Grandal walked. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Grandal out at second. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, Arcia to second. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins singled to left, Segura to second. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Realmuto popped out to third. Hernández struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Álvarez pitching for Phillies. Yelich singled to left. Braun struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to center, Yelich to third. Aguilar walked, Moustakas to second. Hiura struck out looking. Grandal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Herrera hit for Rodríguez. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Herrera lined out to center. Gosselin struck out looking. Williams hit for Álvarez. Williams singled to shallow left center. Williams to second on wild pitch by Jeffress. McCutchen singled to center, Williams scored. Segura grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. McCutchen in left field. Herrera in center field. Gosselin at third base. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Thames hit for Jeffress. Thames flied out to right. Cain walked. Cain stole second, Cain safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto. Yelich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Harper grounded out to second. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Hoskins flied out to center. Realmuto popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Braun walked. Moustakas lined out to right. Braun to second on balk. Aguilar grounded out to third. Braun stole third. Hiura hit by pitch. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Herrera struck out swinging. Gosselin popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Phillies 2.	Gonzalez effective again, pitches Brewers past Phillies 5-2