Phillies - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Marlins. Kingery grounded out to pitcher. Segura doubled to left. Harper singled to center, Segura scored. Hoskins popped out to second. Realmuto singled to shallow center, Harper to third. Hernández flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Rojas grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez fouled out to first. Cooper lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Miller fouled out to third. Franco struck out swinging. Arrieta lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Anderson struck out swinging. Granderson singled to left center. Castro struck out swinging. Alfaro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Marlins. Kingery doubled to left. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Harper walked, Kingery stole third. Hoskins struck out swinging, Kingery scored, Harper caught stealing second, catcher to second to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Riddle grounded out to shortstop. Richards singled to right. Rojas doubled to left, Richards to third. Ramírez grounded out to second, Richards scored, Rojas to third. Cooper struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Realmuto popped out to second. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Miller homered to right center (389 feet). Franco popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Marlins. Arrieta popped out to pitcher. Kingery walked. Segura singled to right, Kingery to second. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Alfaro struck out swinging. Riddle grounded out to pitcher. Rivera hit for Richards. Rivera doubled to deep left. Rojas walked. Ramírez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Chen pitching for Marlins. Realmuto singled to center. Hernández singled to left, Realmuto to second. Miller singled to center, Realmuto scored, Hernández to second. Franco singled to left, Miller to second, Hernández to third. Arrieta singled to shallow left, Hernández scored and Miller scored, Franco to second. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Kingery struck out swinging. Segura singled to center, Arrieta to second, Franco to third. Harper singled to deep left, Arrieta scored on interference by catcher Alfaro, Franco scored and Arrieta scored, Harper to second, Segura to second, Segura safe at third on error by left fielder Grand. Segura scored on Brigham wild pitch, Harper to third on wild pitch by Brigham. Hoskins hit sacrifice fly to center, Harper scored. Knapp hit for Realmuto. Knapp flied out to left. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Rodríguez at shortstop. Knapp catching. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Cooper grounded out to third. Anderson doubled to deep center. Granderson doubled to deep right, Anderson scored. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Granderson to third on wild pitch by Arrieta. Alfaro homered to left center (428 feet), Granderson scored. Riddle singled to left. Brigham struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Hernández singled to left. Miller struck out looking. Franco struck out swinging. Bruce hit for Arrieta. Bruce lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Hammer pitching for Phillies. Rojas grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez struck out swinging. Cooper walked. Anderson tripled to deep right, Cooper scored. Anderson scored on Hammer wild pitch. Granderson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Brigham pitching for Marlins. Kingery popped out to second. Rodríguez walked. Harper homered to left center (385 feet), Rodríguez scored. Hoskins struck out looking. Knapp struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Hunter pitching for Phillies. Castro struck out swinging. Alfaro reached on infield single to pitcher. Riddle struck out swinging. Walker hit for Brigham. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Quijada pitching for Marlins. Hernández singled to left. Miller walked, Hernández to second. Franco singled to center, Hernández scored, Miller to third. Quinn hit for Hunter. Quinn popped out to first. Kingery lined out to shortstop. Rodríguez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Kingery in left field. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Quinn in center field. Rojas struck out swinging. Ramírez flied out to center. Cooper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 13 - Marlins 6.	Harper's HR, 4 RBIs help Phillies finally beat Marlins, 13-6