Phillies - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson homered to center (463 feet). Hoskins grounded out to third. Harper grounded out to second. Realmuto singled to left. Segura singled to deep center, Realmuto to second. Hernández grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Dyson flied out to left. Marte grounded out to second. Escobar walked. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Kingery reached on infield single to second. Haseley grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kingery out at second. Arrieta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Walker lined out to first. Lamb struck out looking. Ahmed grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson singled to center. Hoskins grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Dickerson out at second. Harper singled to right. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Avila walked. Leake struck out swinging. Dyson lined into double play, pitcher to first, Avila out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop, Segura safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed. Hernández grounded out to first, Segura to third. Kingery walked. Haseley singled to left, Segura scored, Kingery to second. Arrieta bunt popped out to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Marte singled to left. Escobar homered to right (383 feet), Marte scored. Peralta flied out to center. Walker struck out swinging. Lamb singled to right center. Ahmed struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Hoskins doubled to deep center. Hoskins scored on throwing error by first baseman Walker, Harper safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Walker. Realmuto flied out to center, Harper to third. Segura flied out to right. Hernández grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Phillies. Avila struck out swinging. Leake singled to shallow left center. Dyson singled to right, Dyson to second, Leake to third. Marte flied out to right. Escobar fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Diamondbacks. Kingery struck out looking. Haseley singled to left. Quinn hit for Arrieta. Quinn singled to deep center, Haseley to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Dickerson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Quinn safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Walker, Haseley to third. Hoskins struck out swinging. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Suárez pitching for Phillies. Peralta struck out swinging. Walker singled to left. Lamb walked, Walker to second. Ahmed walked, Lamb to second, Walker to third. Avila singled to right, Lamb scored and Walker scored, Ahmed to third. Parker pitching for Phillies. Flores hit for Chafin. Flores struck out swinging, Ahmed caught stealing home, catcher to second to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Realmuto flied out to right. Segura grounded out to second. Hernández grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Parker pitching for Phillies. Dyson reached on infield single to shortstop, Dyson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Marte grounded out to second, Dyson to third. Escobar singled to left, Dyson scored. Peralta homered to right (439 feet), Escobar scored. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Kingery at second base. Miller at third base. Walker doubled to deep right. Lamb struck out looking. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Dyson in center field. Marte at second base. Escobar at third base. Scott pitching for Diamondbacks. Locastro in right field. Kingery doubled to left. Haseley doubled to right, Kingery scored. Miller struck out looking. Dickerson struck out swinging. Hirano pitching for Diamondbacks. Hoskins grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Avila homered to center (421 feet). Locastro grounded out to shortstop. Jones hit for Dyson. Jones struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Jones in right field. Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks. Locastro in center field. Harper grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto lined out to center. Segura singled to left. Knapp hit for Eflin. Knapp singled to right center, Segura to third. Kingery grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 4 - Diamondbacks 8.	Diamondbacks hit 3 homers in 8-4 win over Phillies