White Sox - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Harris singled to left . Valentin sacrificed to third , Harris to second . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . Thomas lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Clark grounded out to second . Catalanotto doubled to deep right . Wells flied out to center . Delgado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Lee walked . Lee caught stealing second , catcher to second . Konerko struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Phelps flied out to right . Hinske walked . Zaun safe at first on error by second baseman Harris , Hinske to second . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Rowand struck out swinging . Olivo struck out swinging . Harris singled to right center . Valentin singled to center , Harris to third . Ordonez walked , Valentin to second . Thomas singled to deep left , Harris and Valentin scored , Ordonez to third . Lee hit by pitch , Thomas to second . Konerko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Gomez grounded out to pitcher . Clark singled to left . Catalanotto homered to right , Clark scored . Wells singled to left . Delgado grounded into double play , first to second , Wells out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Crede singled to right . Rowand struck out swinging . Crede caught stealing second , catcher to second . Olivo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Phelps reached on infield single to third . Phelps to second on passed ball by Olivo . Hinske grounded out to first , Phelps to third . Zaun singled to right , Phelps scored . Hudson singled to right , Zaun to third . Gomez hit sacrifice fly to center , Zaun scored . Clark struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Harris singled to center . Valentin grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Wells fouled out to first . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas grounded out to pitcher . Lee singled to center . Konerko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Phelps flied out to right . Hinske singled to right . Hinske stole second , Hinske safe at third on throwing error by catcher Olivo . Zaun grounded out to pitcher . Hudson singled to right , Hinske scored . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Crede flied out to left . Rowand grounded out to first . Olivo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Clark flied out to center . Catalanotto grounded out to first . Johnson in right field . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Uribe hit for Harris . Wells lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Uribe struck out swinging . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Valentin flied out to center . Uribe at second base . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Loaiza pitching for White Sox . Delgado walked . Phelps grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Delgado out at second . Hinske struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas struck out looking . Lee hit ground rule double to deep right center . Konerko struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Blue Jays 5 .	Blue Jays beat White Sox to win fifth straight