Blue Jays - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Johnson flied out to center . Hudson lined out to center . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Damon walked . Bellhorn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . Ortiz lined out to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Delgado walked . Phelps struck out swinging . Hinske flied out to center . Gomez singled to right center , Delgado to second . Pond doubled to left , Delgado and Gomez scored . Cash struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Varitek walked . Daubach singled to center , Varitek to second . Millar singled to center , Varitek scored , Daubach to second . Youkilis walked , Daubach to third , Millar to second . Reese singled to shallow left , Daubach scored , Millar to third , Youkilis to second . Damon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Millar scored , Reese out at second , Youkilis to third . Bellhorn doubled to left , Youkilis scored . Ortiz flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Johnson flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to first . Wells homered to left . Delgado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez grounded out to third . Varitek walked . Daubach grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Phelps homered to left center . Hinske doubled to right . Gomez grounded out to first , Hinske to third . Pond grounded out to first . Cash flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Millar struck out looking . Youkilis grounded out to second . Reese grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Johnson singled to center . Hudson flied out to left . Wells flied out to right . Delgado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Damon grounded out to third . Bellhorn singled to left . Ortiz walked , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Phelps grounded out to third . Hinske grounded out to second . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Varitek doubled to left . Daubach reached on infield single to second , Varitek to third . Millar hit sacrifice fly to right , Varitek scored . Youkilis struck out looking . Reese grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Daubach out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Pond homered to center . Cash popped out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to third . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Damon grounded out to second . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Wells flied out to center . Delgado struck out swinging . Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays . Phelps flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Nakamura pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez homered to left . De Los Santos pitching for Blue Jays . McCarty hit for Daubach . Varitek hit by pitch . McCarty flied out to left . Kapler ran for Millar . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Millar doubled to left , Varitek to third . Youkilis walked . Reese singled to center , Varitek and Kapler scored , Youkilis to second . Youkilis to third , Reese to second on passed ball by Cash . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Damon intentionally walked . Bellhorn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Youkilis scored , Damon out at second , Reese to third , Bellhorn to first , Reese scored , Bellhorn to second on throwing error by shortstop . Ortiz singled to right , Bellhorn scored . Crespo ran for Ramirez . Ramirez walked , Ortiz to second . Crespo in left field . McCarty at first base . Kapler in right field . Dinardo pitching for Red Sox . Varitek popped out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Hinske grounded out to second . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Pond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 11 .	Manny hits game - winner as Boston downs Jays