Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hairston popped out to first . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Menechino homered to left . Gomez walked . Johnson struck out looking . Wells struck out swinging . Zaun doubled to deep center , Gomez scored . Woodward struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez singled to right . Hillenbrand singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hillenbrand out at second , Gonzalez to third . Olson walked , Tracy to second . Devore grounded out to second , Gonzalez scored , Tracy to third , Olson to second . Hammock safe at first on error by shortstop Woodward , Tracy and Olson scored . Hairston singled to left , Hammock to third . Finley popped out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Phelps struck out looking . Berg flied out to center . Rios doubled to right center . Menechino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Bautista flied out to left . Gonzalez popped out to second . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to second . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomez flied out to center . Johnson walked . Wells struck out looking . Zaun struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Olson struck out swinging . Devore struck out swinging . Hammock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Woodward struck out swinging . Phelps struck out swinging . Berg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hairston grounded out to third . Finley struck out looking . Bautista flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rios grounded out to first . Menechino safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Olson . Gomez grounded out to pitcher , Menechino to second . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Tracy flied out to center . Olson doubled to left , Gonzalez to third . Devore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Wells lined out to second . Zaun singled to left . Woodward flied out to center . Phelps struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hammock struck out swinging . Hairston homered to center . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Finley grounded out to second . Bautista lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Berg singled to right . Rios singled to right , Berg to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Hinske hit for Gomez . Menechino bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berg out at third , Rios to second . Hinske at third base . Hinske grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Menechino out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Tracy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson walked . Wells grounded out to pitcher , Johnson to second . Zaun singled to center , Johnson scored . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Woodward grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Zaun out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Olson walked . Devore fouled out to third . Hammock popped out to third . Hairston singled to left center , Olson to third . Finley singled to left center , Olson scored , Hairston to second . Bautista grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Catalanotto hit for Berg . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Phelps singled to center . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark hit for Rios . Catalanotto grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Phelps out at second . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Blue Jays 3 .	Big Unit strikes out 11 , wins sixth straight start