Devil Rays - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop , Gathright to second on throwing error by shortstop Gomez . Crawford popped out to third . Baldelli homered to left , Gathright scored . Huff grounded out to first . Martinez walked . Lugo walked , Martinez to second . Fick flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Menechino homered to left . Johnson singled to center . Wells struck out swinging . Delgado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Zaun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Hall grounded out to first . Sanchez fouled out to first . Gathright safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gomez . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Rios tripled to right . Hinske struck out swinging . Phelps struck out looking . Gomez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Baldelli flied out to right . Huff struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Menechino singled to right . Johnson reached on bunt single to third , Menechino scored , Johnson to third on throwing error by third baseman Huff . Wells safe at first on error by third baseman Huff . Delgado grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson scored , Wells out at second . Zaun doubled to left . Rios walked . Hinske singled to center , Zaun scored , Rios to second . Phelps doubled to left , Rios and Hinske scored . Gomez singled to left center , Phelps scored . Menechino popped out to second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Fick flied out to center . Hall doubled to deep center . Sanchez doubled to left , Hall scored . Gathright grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson singled to left . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . Delgado flied out to left . Zaun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford struck out swinging . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Huff singled to left , Baldelli to second . Martinez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Rios grounded out to pitcher . Hinske fouled out to third . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo struck out swinging . Fick grounded out to shortstop . Hall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez grounded out to second . Menechino doubled to right . Johnson grounded out to third . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Wells grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Adams pitching for Blue Jays . Sanchez singled to center . Gathright grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Sanchez out at second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays . Delgado grounded out to second . Zaun struck out swinging . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Baldelli flied out to center . Huff homered to right . Martinez walked . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo struck out looking . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Fick flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Catalanotto hit for Phelps . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske walked . Catalanotto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hinske out at second . Gomez singled to left . Gomez to second on wild pitch by Baez . Menechino walked . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Hall grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez lined out to first . Gathright hit by pitch . Gathright to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Blue Jays 7 .	Six unearned runs fuel Jays win over Rays