Devil Rays - Top 1st . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to second . Cruz singled to center . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson hit by pitch . Catalanotto singled to right , Johnson to second . Wells lined out to left . Delgado homered to right , Johnson and Catalanotto scored . Hinske grounded out to second . Rios grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Fick walked . Lugo grounded out to second , Fick to second . Cantu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez singled to center . Hudson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomez out at second . Cash struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Hall fouled out to third . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Wells walked . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz grounded out to first . Huff singled to center . Martinez singled to right , Huff to second . Fick singled to right , Huff to third , Martinez to second . Lugo struck out swinging . Cantu popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Hinske flied out to center . Rios walked . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rios safe at third on error by second baseman Cantu , Gomez safe at second on error by second baseman Cantu . Hudson doubled to left , Rios and Gomez scored . Cash walked . Johnson grounded out to first , Hudson to third , Cash to second . Catalanotto grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Hall grounded out to second . Gathright grounded out to second . Crawford lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays . Wells doubled to deep left . Delgado popped out to shortstop . Hinske flied out to right , Wells to third . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz flied out to left . Huff homered to right . Martinez singled to center . Fick grounded out to first , Martinez to second . Lugo safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson , Martinez to third . Cantu doubled to left , Martinez and Lugo scored . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Hall grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez singled to center . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gomez out at second . Cash singled to left , Hudson to third . Johnson walked , Cash to second . Catalanotto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Gathright struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Cruz fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Wells struck out swinging . Delgado struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Bush pitching for Blue Jays . Huff flied out to center . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez singled to right center . Fick flied out to center . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop , Martinez to second . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Cantu lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Hall struck out looking . Gathright grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 3 - Blue Jays 5 .	Delgado reaches 1,000 RBI mark in Jays ' win