Indians - Top 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Lawton singled to center . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lawton out at second . Hafner homered to right , Crisp scored . Martinez flied out to center . Blake reached on infield single to shortstop . Broussard walked , Blake to second . Belliard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Broussard out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Gomez grounded out to second . Hinske grounded out to pitcher . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut popped out to first . McDonald flied out to center . Lawton doubled to deep right . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Delgado fouled out to third . Wells grounded out to second . Catalanotto singled to right center . Zaun walked , Catalanotto to second . Berg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Hafner singled to right . Martinez fouled out to catcher . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hafner out at second . Broussard lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Gomez singled to left . Hinske singled to center , Gomez to second . Rios grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Belliard safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gomez . Gerut fouled out to third . Belliard picked off first . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Delgado walked . Wells singled to center , Delgado to second . Catalanotto flied out to left . Zaun grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Lawton singled to right . Crisp reached on bunt single to pitcher , Lawton to second . Hafner hit ground rule double to left , Lawton scored , Crisp to third . Martinez singled to right , Crisp scored , Hafner to third . Blake doubled to deep center , Hafner scored , Martinez to third . Broussard grounded out to first . Belliard intentionally walked . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored , Blake to third . McDonald singled to left , Blake scored , Belliard to second . Lawton lined out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Berg singled to left center . Hudson singled to left , Berg to second . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson out at second , Berg to third . Hinske singled to left , Berg scored , Gomez to second . Rios grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hinske out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp doubled to deep center . Hafner homered to right , Crisp scored . Martinez lined out to right . Blake tripled to deep center . Broussard walked . Belliard grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broussard out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Delgado grounded out to second . Wells reached on infield single to second . Catalanotto singled to center , Wells to second . Zaun doubled to right , Wells scored , Catalanotto to third . Berg homered to left , Catalanotto and Zaun scored . Hudson grounded out to second . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Gerut flied out to right . McDonald flied out to center . Riske pitching for Indians . Lawton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Riske pitching for Indians . Hinske grounded out to shortstop . Rios walked . Delgado struck out swinging . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp grounded out to second . Hafner flied out to left . Laker reached on infield single to third . Blake singled to left , Laker to second . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Catalanotto popped out to shortstop . Zaun fouled out to first . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Berg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Belliard doubled to deep center . Gerut singled to center , Belliard scored . McDonald hit ground rule double to right , Gerut to third . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gerut out at home , McDonald to third . Crisp walked . Hafner hit sacrifice fly to center , McDonald scored . Laker homered to left , Lawton and Crisp scored . Blake singled to left . Miller pitching for Indians . Broussard struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Indians . Hudson grounded out to catcher . Gomez grounded out to second . Hinske walked . Rios grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 14 - Blue Jays 5 .	Haf - ing a ball : Indians rout Jays on Hafner HRs