Red Sox - Top 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Damon grounded out to pitcher . Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to second . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz grounded out to second . Mueller grounded out to first . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Delgado singled to center . Menechino struck out looking . Delgado to second on wild pitch by Schilling . Hinske grounded out to second , Delgado to third . Zaun singled to center , Delgado scored . Gross struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Mientkiewicz singled to deep right , Mientkiewicz thrown out at second . Mirabelli fouled out to first . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Gomez grounded out to first . Johnson lined out to first . Hudson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Damon hit ground rule double to left . Roberts bunt popped out foul to catcher . Ramirez homered to center , Damon scored . Ortiz homered to right . Mueller singled to left center . Cabrera homered to left , Mueller scored . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Mirabelli singled to left . Douglass pitching for Blue Jays . Bellhorn doubled to deep center , Mirabelli to third . Damon walked . Millar at first base . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Damon out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Rios doubled to center . Delgado struck out swinging . Menechino flied out to right . Hinske grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Douglass pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez walked . Ortiz walked , Ramirez to second . Mueller flied out to center , Ramirez to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Millar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Zaun reached on infield single to second . Gross struck out swinging . Gomez singled to left , Zaun to second . Johnson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Douglass pitching for Blue Jays . Mirabelli lined out to center . Bellhorn struck out looking . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Hudson struck out looking . Rios singled to center . Delgado flied out to right . Menechino singled to left , Rios to second . Maurer pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Maurer pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Ortiz homered to right , Ramirez scored . Mueller walked . Cabrera singled to left , Mueller to second . Millar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second , Mueller to third . Mirabelli singled to left , Mueller scored , Millar to second . Bellhorn doubled to left , Millar scored , Mirabelli to third . Roberts in left field . Kapler in right field . Damon fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Red Sox . Zaun struck out swinging . Gross grounded out to second . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts singled to left center . Kapler flied out to center . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Roberts scored . Mueller walked . Cabrera flied out to center . Millar flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Red Sox . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Hudson singled to left , Johnson to second . Rios singled to center , Johnson scored , Hudson to second . Delgado struck out swinging , Hudson to third , Rios to second on wild pitch by Adams . Menechino grounded out to second , Hudson scored , Rios to third . Hinske walked . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Berg hit for Gross . Zaun singled to right , Rios scored , Hinske to third . Berg singled to left , Hinske scored , Zaun to second . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Berg in left field . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Mirabelli singled to left . Bellhorn flied out to right . Damon singled to center , Mirabelli to second . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Damon out at second , Mirabelli to third . Kapler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Hudson grounded out to second . Rios struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 11 - Blue Jays 5 .	Schilling gets No . 16 with win over Jays