Athletics - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Byrnes flied out to right . Kielty fouled out to catcher . Chavez singled to left . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to first . Wells grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hatteberg popped out to third . Miller grounded out to third . Crosby doubled to left . Swisher walked . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Delgado homered to left . Rios grounded out to third . Hinske doubled to deep right . Zaun struck out swinging . Gross grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Byrnes singled to center . Kielty singled to right center , Byrnes to second . Chavez walked , Byrnes to third , Kielty to second . Dye struck out swinging . Hatteberg singled to center , Byrnes scored , Kielty to third , Chavez to second . Miller grounded into double play , third to first , Chavez out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson singled to right center . Wells reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson to second . Delgado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby flied out to center . Swisher doubled to deep left center . Scutaro flied out to right . Byrnes doubled to left , Swisher scored . Kielty singled to left , Byrnes scored . Chavez singled to center , Kielty to third . Dye bunt popped out foul to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Rios struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to shortstop . Zaun lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Hatteberg grounded out to second . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Gross singled to right . Gomez singled to left center , Gross to second . Johnson sacrificed to third , Gross to third , Gomez to second . Hudson hit sacrifice fly to center , Gross scored . Wells singled to left , Gomez scored , Wells to second advancing on throw . Delgado intentionally walked . Rios reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells scored , Delgado to third , Rios to second on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Hinske grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher walked . Scutaro popped out to second . Byrnes grounded out to second , Swisher to second . Kielty homered to center , Swisher scored . Byrnes in right field . Kotsay in center field . Chavez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Zaun struck out swinging . Gross flied out to center . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Kotsay grounded out to second . Hatteberg singled to center . Miller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hatteberg out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson walked . Wells grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Frederick pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby walked . Swisher struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to right . Crosby stole second . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Byrnes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Athletics . Delgado flied out to center . Rios grounded out to second . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . McMillon hit for Kielty . Hinske grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . McMillon safe at first on error by pitcher Speier . Chavez safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson , McMillon to second . Kotsay singled to center , McMillon thrown out at home , Chavez to second . Hatteberg flied out to right . Miller singled to right , Chavez scored , Kotsay to third . Crosby safe at first on error by left fielder Johnson , Kotsay scored , Miller to third . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Swisher grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Zaun struck out swinging . Adams hit for Gomez . Gross struck out swinging . Adams singled to left . Adams to second on fielder 's indifference . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Blue Jays 4 .	Athletics , Hudson keep Blue Jays off - Kielty