Devil Rays - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to first . Lugo struck out swinging . Huff homered to right . Baldelli flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . Wells walked . Wells to second on wild pitch by Kazmir . Delgado singled to right , Wells scored . Menechino walked , Delgado to second . Gomez singled to right , Delgado scored , Menechino to third . Rios singled to left , Menechino scored , Gomez to second . Woodward grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez grounded out to second . Cruz singled to right . Cummings doubled to right , Cruz to third . Hall grounded out to shortstop , Cruz scored . Cantu grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Quiroz safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo . Johnson struck out swinging . Hudson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Quiroz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford grounded out to second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . Huff walked . Baldelli reached on infield single to pitcher , Huff to second , Huff to third , Baldelli to second on throwing error by pitcher Miller . Martinez homered to right , Huff and Baldelli scored . Cruz grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Wells homered to right . Delgado doubled to left . Menechino hit ground rule double to deep right , Delgado scored . Gaudin pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez walked . Rios flied out to left . Woodward doubled to left , Menechino scored , Gomez to third . Quiroz hit ground rule double to right , Gomez and Woodward scored . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson walked . Hudson batting . Wells struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Cummings struck out swinging . Hall grounded out to third . Cantu walked . Crawford singled to center , Cantu to third . Crawford stole second . File pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo walked . Huff popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Delgado doubled to right . Menechino struck out looking . Gomez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lugo , Delgado scored . Rios walked . Woodward struck out swinging . Gomez caught stealing third , catcher to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . File pitching for Blue Jays . Baldelli grounded out to third . Martinez doubled to deep right . Cruz flied out to left . Cummings singled to right , Martinez scored , Cummings to second advancing on throw . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Quiroz flied out to center . Johnson singled to center . Hudson grounded into double play , catcher to first to second to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . File pitching for Blue Jays . Cantu hit by pitch . Crawford singled to right , Cantu to third . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cantu scored , Crawford out at second . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Huff singled to right . Baldelli popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Delgado lined out to third . Menechino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Martinez flied out to center . Cruz grounded out to second . Cummings popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Gomez walked . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomez out at second . Woodward struck out swinging , Rios stole second . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Quiroz reached on infield single to pitcher , Rios to third . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Hall struck out swinging . Cantu flied out to right . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Halama pitching for Devil Rays . Hudson grounded out to catcher . Wells grounded out to second . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Delgado grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Lugo lined out to third . Huff flied out to center . Baldelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Blue Jays 9 .	E thicket : Jays top Rays in error - heavy mess