Phillies - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to left . Polanco fouled out to right . Utley flied out to center . Rollins stole second . Howard safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond , Rollins advanced to third on Desmond error , Rollins tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Morgan reached on infield single to shortstop . Morgan stole second . Harris struck out looking . Zimmerman doubled to deep center , Morgan scored . Dunn struck out looking . Willingham walked . Kennedy popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Werth flied out to right . Ibanez flied out to left . Victorino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Desmond struck out swinging . Lannan struck out looking . Morgan lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Ruiz walked . Halladay bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ruiz out at second . Rollins flied out to left . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Halladay out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Harris flied out to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Utley walked . Howard homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Utley scored . Werth singled to right . Ibanez singled to right , Werth to third . Victorino singled to left , Werth scored , Ibanez to second . Ruiz flied out to right , Ibanez to third , Victorino to second . Halladay reached on infield single to pitcher , Ibanez scored , Victorino to third . Rollins walked , Halladay to second . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to left , Victorino scored . Utley singled to center , Halladay to third , Rollins to second . English pitching for Nationals . Howard grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Willingham singled to left . Kennedy struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . English pitching for Nationals . Werth flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to second . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Desmond walked . Gonzalez hit for English . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Desmond out at second . Morgan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Ruiz walked . Halladay struck out bunting foul . Rollins tripled to deep right center , Ruiz scored . Polanco singled to left , Rollins scored . Utley walked , Polanco to second . Howard grounded out to first , Polanco to third , Utley to second . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Harris grounded out to second . Zimmerman flied out to right . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Ibanez walked . Victorino fouled out to third . Ruiz singled to right , Ibanez to second . Halladay grounded out to catcher , Ibanez to third , Ruiz to second . Rollins intentionally walked . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Polanco homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Ibanez , Ruiz and Rollins scored . Utley flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Willingham struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to right . Rodriguez singled to right , Kennedy to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Guzman hit for Bergmann . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Guzman at shortstop . Howard reached on infield single to shortstop . Werth grounded out to pitcher , Howard to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . Victorino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Morgan doubled to deep left center . Harris flied out to right , Morgan to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn walked . Baez pitching for Phillies . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Taveras in center field . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Morse at first base . Ruiz walked . Dobbs hit for Baez . Dobbs flied out to right . Rollins struck out looking . Polanco singled to right , Ruiz to third . Utley walked , Polanco to second . Howard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Kennedy grounded out to first . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Morse singled to left , Rodriguez to third , Morse to second on error by left fielder Ibanez . Guzman struck out looking . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Phillies 11 - Nationals 1 .	Halladay wins Phils debut