Nationals - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Morgan hit by pitch . Harris grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morgan out at second . Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop . Dunn walked , Guzman to second . Willingham walked , Guzman to third , Dunn to second . Kennedy doubled to deep right center , Guzman , Dunn and Willingham scored . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Victorino reached on infield single to pitcher . Polanco singled to center , Victorino to second . Utley walked , Victorino to third , Polanco to second . Howard singled to shallow center , Victorino and Polanco scored , Utley to third . Dobbs doubled to shallow right , Utley scored , Howard to third . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center , Howard scored . Castro flied out to right , Dobbs to third . Ruiz grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez doubled to left . Stammen struck out bunting foul . Morgan singled to left , Gonzalez to third . Morgan stole second . Harris walked . Guzman singled to center , Gonzalez and Morgan scored , Harris to second . Dunn flied out to second . Willingham doubled to left , Harris scored , Guzman to third . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Kennedy grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Figueroa singled to left center . Victorino flied out to right . Polanco doubled to left , Figueroa to third . Utley homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Figueroa and Polanco scored . English pitching for Nationals . Howard singled to right center . Dobbs struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to center , Howard to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at third , Ibanez to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez stole second . Gonzalez singled to shallow right , Rodriguez to third . English sacrificed to third , Gonzalez to second . Morgan grounded out to first , Rodriguez scored , Gonzalez to third . Harris struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . English pitching for Nationals . Ruiz grounded out to third . Figueroa doubled to left . Victorino singled to center , Figueroa to third . Polanco struck out swinging . Utley fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Guzman grounded out to second . Dunn flied out to center . Willingham struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . English pitching for Nationals . Howard grounded out to second . Dobbs flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Figueroa pitching for Phillies . Kennedy walked . Rodriguez flied out to center . Kennedy stole second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Marquis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Castro grounded out to third . Ruiz walked . Gload flied out to third . Victorino homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Ruiz scored . Polanco flied out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Morgan singled to center . Morgan picked off first . Harris struck out swinging . Guzman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Utley homered to right ( 403 feet ) . Howard struck out looking . Francisco hit for Dobbs . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Francisco grounded out to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Dunn doubled to right . Willingham grounded out to third . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Castro walked . Ruiz walked , Castro to second . Werth walked , Castro to third , Ruiz to second . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Harris at second base . Bernadina in right field . Victorino tripled to deep right center , Castro , Ruiz and Werth scored . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Victorino scored . Utley flied out to center . Howard flied out to center . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez walked . Bernadina flied out to right . Morgan walked , Gonzalez to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Guzman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Francisco grounded out to third . Ibanez flied out to left . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Dunn flied out to third . Willingham grounded out to third . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 7 - Phillies 14 .	Utley homers twice as Phils roll