Indians - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Crowe doubled to deep right . Choo homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Crowe scored . Santana walked . Kearns flied out to right . Branyan flied out to left . Peralta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rollins struck out swinging . Polanco singled to right . Utley singled to right , Polanco to third . Howard grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Polanco scored , Utley out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Valbuena grounded out to pitcher . Donald flied out to right . Westbrook grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Werth homered to right center ( 413 feet ) . Ibanez grounded out to second . Victorino reached on infield single to second . Victorino caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schneider flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Crowe doubled to deep right . Choo flied out to center , Crowe to third . Santana hit sacrifice fly to center , Crowe scored . Kearns lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Kendrick grounded out to second . Rollins flied out to center . Polanco fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Branyan reached on infield single to third . Peralta flied out to right . Valbuena grounded out to second , Branyan to second . Donald intentionally walked . Westbrook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Utley grounded out to second . Howard singled to center . Werth doubled to right center , Howard to third . Ibanez doubled to right , Howard and Werth scored . Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Westbrook . Victorino lined out to shortstop . Schneider intentionally walked . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schneider out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Crowe safe at first on error by second baseman Utley . Choo homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Crowe scored . Santana doubled to deep center . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Kearns grounded out to third . Branyan struck out swinging . Peralta singled to left , Santana thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rollins struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to third . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Valbuena doubled to deep right . Donald sacrificed to pitcher , Valbuena to third . Hafner hit for Westbrook . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Hafner grounded out to third . Crowe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Howard singled to center . Werth singled to right , Howard to second . Ibanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second , Howard to third . Victorino walked . Howard caught stealing home , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to catcher . Schneider batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Zagurski pitching for Phillies . Choo walked . Choo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Santana flied out to center . Baez pitching for Phillies . Kearns grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Schneider homered to right ( 373 feet ) . Gload hit for Baez . Gload flied out to center . Rollins grounded out to second . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Branyan singled to right . Peralta flied out to left . Valbuena flied out to center . Donald grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Indians . Utley walked . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Utley out at second . Smith pitching for Indians . Werth walked , Howard to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Hernandez at shortstop . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Werth out at second , Howard to third . Victorino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Hernandez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Romero pitching for Phillies . Crowe singled to right , Hernandez to third . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernandez out at home , Choo to second , Crowe to second , Crowe to third advancing on throw . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crowe scored , Choo safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Rollins , Santana safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Kearns intentionally walked . Branyan lined into double play , second to first , Kearns doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Wood pitching for Indians . Schneider walked . Valdez ran for Schneider . Francisco hit for Romero . Francisco grounded out to shortstop , Valdez to second . Rollins homered to right ( 383 feet ) , Valdez scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 6 - Phillies 7 .	Rollins ' first walk - off HR lifts Phils by Indians