Phillies - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Rollins singled to left . Victorino tripled to deep center , Rollins scored . Werth struck out swinging . Howard singled to center , Victorino scored . Francisco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Howard out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Tabata grounded out to pitcher . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Valdez walked . Ransom grounded out to third , Valdez to second . Sardinha grounded out to second , Valdez to third . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Jones struck out looking . Alvarez homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Doumit flied out to left . Church singled to center . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Church out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Rollins walked . Victorino reached on infield single to shortstop , Rollins to second . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rollins to third , Victorino safe at second on error by shortstop Crosby . Howard singled to center , Rollins and Victorino scored , Werth to third . Francisco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth scored , Howard out at second . Valdez singled to left , Francisco to second . Ransom singled to left , Francisco scored , Valdez to second . Sardinha doubled to deep right , Valdez scored , Ransom to third . Kendrick grounded out to third . Rollins grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Maholm flied out to center . Tabata singled to right . Walker singled to right , Tabata to second . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Victorino singled to center . Werth doubled to deep left center , Victorino scored . Thomas pitching for Pirates . Howard popped out to third . Francisco flied out to left . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Jones singled to deep right . Alvarez flied out to center . Doumit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Thomas pitching for Pirates . Ransom singled to left . Sardinha popped out to second . Kendrick flied out to right . Rollins homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Ransom scored . Victorino lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Church homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Crosby grounded out to third . Thomas struck out swinging . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Thomas pitching for Pirates . Werth fouled out to first . Howard struck out swinging . Francisco homered to left ( 411 feet ) . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen walked . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Pirates . Ransom grounded out to third . Sardinha flied out to center . Kendrick doubled to deep right . Rollins doubled to deep center , Kendrick scored . Victorino grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Castro at second base . Valdez at shortstop . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Alvarez flied out to center . Doumit popped out to third . Church walked . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Tabata in center field . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Church in left field . Young in right field . Werth struck out swinging . Howard struck out swinging . Francisco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Young safe at second on error by third baseman Ransom . Tabata grounded out to pitcher . Walker grounded out to first , Young to third . Cedeno hit for Carrasco . Cedeno doubled to deep right , Young scored . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Pirates . Cedeno at shortstop . Crosby at second base . Valdez grounded out to pitcher . Ransom grounded out to shortstop . Sardinha flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Alvarez singled to center . Doumit lined out to shortstop . Church singled to right , Alvarez to second . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Church out at second , Alvarez to third . Young singled to left , Alvarez scored , Crosby to second . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crosby out at third , Young to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 12 - Pirates 4 .	Howard , Phillies pummel Pirates to end skid