Nationals - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morgan singled to left . Morgan stole second . Desmond grounded out to shortstop , Morgan to third . Dunn struck out looking . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Rollins doubled to center . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop , Rollins to third . Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Howard struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Bernadina reached on bunt single to third . Morse flied out to left . Bernadina stole second . Kennedy flied out to right . Nieves flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Werth flied out to center . Victorino doubled to right center . Ruiz walked . Valdez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ruiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Olsen singled to right . Morgan sacrificed to pitcher , Olsen to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Oswalt singled to right . Rollins grounded out to pitcher , Oswalt to second . Ibanez struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center , Oswalt scored . Howard grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman walked . Bernadina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . Bernadina stole second , Bernadina safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ruiz . Morse struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Werth struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to catcher . Ruiz reached on infield single to shortstop . Valdez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Nieves grounded out to second . Olsen flied out to left . Morgan singled to right . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Oswalt reached on infield single to shortstop . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Oswalt out at second . Ibanez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Dunn struck out swinging . Zimmerman fouled out to third . Bernadina flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Olsen pitching for Nationals . Polanco grounded out to third . Howard reached on infield single to pitcher . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Howard out at second . Victorino doubled to left , Werth to third . Ruiz intentionally walked . Valdez singled to center , Werth and Victorino scored , Ruiz to second . Oswalt flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Morse struck out swinging . Kennedy singled to left . Nieves grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Kennedy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez at second base . Rollins singled to right . Ibanez homered to right ( 359 feet ) , Rollins scored . Polanco singled to right . Howard lined out to left . Werth walked , Polanco to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at second , Polanco to third . Ruiz flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez flied out to right . Morgan struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Valdez grounded out to second . Brown hit for Madson . Brown struck out swinging . Rollins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Dunn struck out swinging . Zimmerman grounded out to first . Bernadina struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Phillies 6 .	Oswalt shines despite rain as Phillies blank Nats