Mariners - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to first. Figgins popped out to shortstop. Bradley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler walked. Andrus grounded out to third, Kinsler to second. Hamilton walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Cust singled to right. Smoak struck out swinging. Ja Wilson safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus, Cust to third. Ryan hit sacrifice fly to left, Cust scored. Ja Wilson stole second. Saunders flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy singled to center. Torrealba singled to center, Murphy to second. Moreland walked, Murphy to third, Torrealba to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy scored, Torrealba to third, Moreland safe at second on error by second baseman Ja Wilson. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba scored, Kinsler out at second, Moreland to third, Moreland scored, Andrus to second on throwing error by second baseman Ja Wilson. Hamilton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Moore grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Figgins bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez at second base. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Beltre reached on infield single to third. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beltre out at second. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Bradley flied out to right. Cust struck out swinging. Smoak grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba singled to center. Moreland lined into double play, second to first, Torrealba doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez doubled to right. Ryan singled to right center, Rodriguez to third. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rodriguez scored, Ryan out at second. Moore grounded out to pitcher, Saunders to second. Suzuki walked. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saunders out at third, Suzuki to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler flied out to center. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Bradley doubled to right center. Cust singled to right center, Bradley scored. Smoak grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cust out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Beltre struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ryan lined out to left. Saunders lined out to third. Moore doubled to left. Suzuki walked. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Murphy singled to center. Torrealba flied out to left. Murphy stole second. Moreland doubled to right, Murphy scored. Kinsler grounded out to third, Moreland to third. Andrus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Rangers. Bradley grounded out to third. Cust flied out to left. Smoak fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Ray pitching for Mariners. Hamilton singled to center. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at second. Young singled to center, Beltre to third. League pitching for Mariners. Cruz doubled to right center, Beltre and Young scored. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Cruz to third. Olivo catching. Torrealba safe at first on throwing error by pitcher League, Cruz scored. Moreland struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez fouled out to catcher. Ryan lined out to second. Saunders popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rangers 7.	Perfect Rangers top King Felix, M's