Rangers - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kinsler struck out looking. Andrus walked. Young grounded out to pitcher, Andrus to second. Beltre walked. Cruz walked, Andrus to third, Beltre to second. Murphy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Barton grounded out to second. Jackson doubled to center. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Torrealba grounded out to third. Moreland flied out to right. Borbon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to third. DeJesus flied out to left. Kouzmanoff walked. Powell walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Pennington struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus popped out to second. Young singled to right. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Barton doubled to deep center. Jackson hit by pitch. Willingham flied out to right, Barton to third. Suzuki singled to left, Barton scored, Jackson to second. DeJesus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cruz lined out to center. Murphy walked. Torrealba struck out swinging. Moreland reached on infield single to third, Murphy to second. Borbon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff walked. Powell flied out to center. Pennington singled to center, Kouzmanoff to second. Ellis flied out to right. Barton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Kinsler singled to center. Andrus struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Jackson doubled to left. Willingham doubled to deep center, Jackson scored. Suzuki flied out to left. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Kouzmanoff grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Cruz singled to center. Cruz out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Murphy singled to left. Torrealba grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Powell singled to right. Pennington grounded into double play, third to second to first, Powell out at second. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Athletics. Moreland singled to center. Borbon flied out to right. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus singled to right, Moreland to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Barton singled to left. Jackson lined out to second. Willingham singled to center, Barton to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second, Barton to third, Barton scored, Suzuki to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. DeJesus struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Beltre singled to center. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to left. Torrealba singled to center, Beltre to third. Moreland struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Tucker pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Powell struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Athletics. Napoli hit for Borbon. Napoli grounded out to second. Kinsler flied out to right. Andrus singled to right. Andrus to second on fielder's indifference. Young singled to right, Andrus scored. Beltre flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 1 - Athletics 3.	Cahill stays unbeaten as Suzuki, A's top Rangers