Mariners - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to second. Ja Wilson safe at first on error by first baseman Moreland. Ackley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ja Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Kinsler flied out to right. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop, Andrus to second on throwing error by shortstop Ja Wilson. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Carp grounded out to second. Olivo struck out looking. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Cruz homered to left (409 feet). Napoli safe at second on error by third baseman Kennedy. Torrealba grounded out to second, Napoli to third. Moreland singled to center, Napoli scored. Murphy walked, Moreland to second. Kinsler fouled out to first. Andrus grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Kennedy flied out to left. Gutierrez doubled to left. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to catcher, Gutierrez to third. Ja Wilson doubled to left, Gutierrez and Suzuki scored. Ackley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Hamilton singled to left, Hamilton out stretching at second. Young grounded out to shortstop. Cruz singled to right, Cruz out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Carp grounded out to pitcher. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Napoli walked. Torrealba singled to shallow right, Napoli to second. Moreland singled to right, Napoli to third, Torrealba to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli scored, Moreland out at second, Torrealba to third. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba scored, Murphy out at second. Andrus popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Kennedy grounded out to second. Gutierrez singled to center. Robinson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Hamilton walked. Young singled to right, Hamilton to second. Cruz walked, Hamilton to third, Young to second. Wright pitching for Mariners. Napoli singled to left center, Hamilton scored, Young to third, Cruz to second. Torrealba singled to left, Young scored, Cruz to third, Napoli to second. Moreland walked, Cruz scored, Napoli to third, Torrealba to second. Murphy lined into double play, to first, Moreland doubled off first. Kinsler walked. Andrus grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to left. Ja Wilson doubled to deep center. Ackley grounded out to second, Ja Wilson to third. Carp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Hamilton walked. Young flied out to right. Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Cruz doubled to deep center, Hamilton scored. Napoli singled to left, Cruz scored. Napoli to second on wild pitch by Wilhelmsen. Torrealba flied out to right. Moreland singled to right, Napoli to third. Murphy flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Olivo flied out to left. Wells struck out looking. Kennedy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Kinsler singled to left center. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton lined out to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Blanco at third base. Teagarden catching. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez flied out to left. Robinson struck out looking. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Teagarden grounded out to third. Torrealba singled to center. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Quintanilla at second base. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Ja Wilson grounded out to first. Ackley grounded out to pitcher. Carp doubled to deep left. Olivo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Rangers 9.	Rangers' Harrison wins 10th in rout of Mariners