Athletics - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Sweeney struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. Pennington grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Outman pitching for Athletics. Kinsler singled to left. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Willingham singled to left. Sizemore singled to center, Willingham to second. Miller struck out swinging. Recker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore out at second, Willingham to third. Allen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Young flied out to right. Beltre doubled to deep center. Napoli walked. Murphy struck out swinging. Treanor grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rosales grounded out to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Gentry reached on infield single to third. Kinsler struck out looking. Andrus singled to center, Gentry to second. Hamilton flied out to center, Gentry to third, Andrus to second. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Pennington singled to right. Willingham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pennington out at second. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to third. Napoli walked. Napoli stole second, Napoli safe at third on throwing error by catcher Recker. Murphy grounded out to second. Treanor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Miller flied out to right. Recker walked. Allen struck out looking. Rosales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Gentry tripled to deep left. Kinsler singled to right, Gentry scored. Kinsler stole second. Andrus grounded out to third, Kinsler to third. Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to left, Kinsler scored. Young reached on infield single to pitcher. Beltre homered to left (374 feet), Young scored. Napoli walked. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Murphy singled to center, Napoli to third. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Murphy stole second. Treanor walked. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Sweeney flied out to left. Taylor singled to center. Pennington singled to right, Taylor to second. Willingham struck out looking. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Carignan pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus safe at first on error by first baseman Allen. Hamilton struck out looking. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Recker struck out swinging. Allen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Carignan pitching for Athletics. Beltre homered to center (432 feet). Napoli doubled to right. Murphy grounded out to second, Napoli to third. Treanor grounded out to pitcher. Gentry singled to center, Napoli scored. Kinsler singled to left, Gentry to second. Andrus singled to left, Gentry scored, Kinsler to second. Kinsler to third, Andrus to second on wild pitch by Carignan. Hamilton walked. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Young struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Rosales flied out to center. Sweeney struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Sogard at shortstop. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Beltre singled to left. German ran for Beltre. Napoli singled to left, German to second. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Napoli out at second, German to third. Treanor hit sacrifice fly to right, German scored. Gentry flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Rangers. Blanco at shortstop. Sogard homered to right (377 feet). Powell hit for Willingham. Powell safe at first on error by shortstop Blanco. Sizemore struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. Recker flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - Rangers 8.	Wilson key as Rangers end A's playoff hopes