Cardinals - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Furcal grounded out to first. Craig homered to left (388 feet). Pujols grounded out to third. Holliday singled to right. Berkman flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Kinsler struck out swinging. Andrus struck out looking. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Freese struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Beltre singled to right center. Cruz walked, Beltre to second. Napoli flied out to right. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Theriot safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler. Furcal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Theriot out at second. Craig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Torrealba struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Andrus flied out to right. Hamilton lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Pujols singled to left. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second. Berkman singled to right, Holliday to second. Freese doubled to right, Holliday scored, Berkman to third. Molina intentionally walked. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Berkman and Freese scored, Molina safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Napoli. Theriot singled to shallow left, Molina scored, Jay to third. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jay out at home, Theriot to second. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Craig grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Young homered to right (380 feet). Beltre singled to left. Cruz homered to right (390 feet), Beltre scored. Napoli singled to center. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Murphy grounded out to catcher, Napoli to second. Torrealba singled to right, Napoli to third. Kinsler flied out to left, Napoli thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Pujols singled to center. Holliday walked, Pujols to second. Berkman walked, Pujols to third, Holliday to second. Freese grounded out to third, Pujols scored, Holliday to third, Berkman to second. Molina doubled to left, Holliday and Berkman scored. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at third. Jay caught stealing second, catcher to second. Theriot batting. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Andrus singled to left. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus to third. Young doubled to left, Andrus scored, Hamilton to third. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Beltre singled to shallow left, Hamilton scored, Young to third. Cruz struck out swinging. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. Murphy walked, Beltre to second. Torrealba walked, Beltre to third, Murphy to second. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Theriot walked. Furcal singled to right, Theriot to second. Craig struck out swinging. Pujols homered to left (431 feet), Theriot and Furcal scored. Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Berkman singled to right, Holliday to second. Freese walked, Holliday to third, Berkman to second. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Holliday scored, Berkman to third. Jay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freese out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Andrus singled to right. Hamilton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Theriot flied out to right. Furcal flied out to right. Craig walked. Pujols homered to center (424 feet), Craig scored. Holliday popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Beltre doubled to deep center. Cruz flied out to left, Beltre to third. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to left, Beltre scored. Murphy lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Berkman struck out swinging. Freese singled to center. Descalso ran for Freese. Molina doubled to deep center, Descalso scored. Jay grounded out to first, Molina to third. Theriot flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Descalso at third base. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Torrealba singled to right. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba out at second. Andrus struck out swinging. Hamilton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gentry in center field. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Furcal struck out looking. Craig grounded out to third. Pujols homered to left (420 feet). Holliday struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Young flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to third. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 16 - Rangers 7.	Pujols' 3 HRs give Cards Series lead