Rangers - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Kinsler walked. Andrus singled to left center, Kinsler to third. Hamilton singled to right, Kinsler scored, Andrus to third. Young struck out swinging. Beltre struck out swinging. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Furcal lined out to center. Schumaker singled to center. Pujols flied out to right. Berkman homered to left center (418 feet), Schumaker scored. Holliday walked. Freese struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Napoli walked. Gentry singled to left, Napoli to second. Lewis bunted into double play, third to shortstop to second, Napoli out at third, Gentry to second. Kinsler hit ground rule double to deep left center, Gentry scored. Andrus lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Punto struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton struck out swinging. Young singled to center. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Furcal popped out to second. Schumaker flied out to center. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Cruz safe at second on error by left fielder Holliday. Napoli singled to right, Cruz scored. Gentry struck out swinging. Lewis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Napoli safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Salas. Kinsler struck out looking. Andrus flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Berkman safe at first on error by first baseman Young. Holliday walked, Berkman to second. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second, Berkman to third. Molina grounded out to third, Berkman scored, Freese to second. Punto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton safe at first on error by third baseman Freese. Young doubled to deep left center, Hamilton scored. Beltre grounded out to third. Cruz flied out to center, Young to third. Napoli intentionally walked. Murphy hit for Gentry. Murphy walked, Napoli to second. Lewis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in left field. Jay hit for Salas. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jay grounded out to second. Furcal grounded out to second. Schumaker lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Jay in center field. Kinsler flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton singled to right. Young lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pujols struck out looking. Berkman reached on infield single to third. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Young, Berkman to second. Freese walked, Berkman to third, Holliday to second. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Molina walked, Berkman scored, Holliday to third, Freese to second. Holliday picked off third. Freese to third, Molina to second on wild pitch by Ogando. Punto walked. Holland pitching for Rangers. Jay grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Craig in left field. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Beltre homered to right center (417 feet). Cruz homered to left (404 feet). Napoli struck out looking. Murphy singled to shallow center. Holland bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Murphy out at second. Theriot at second base. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Holland to second on wild pitch by Dotel. Kinsler singled to center, Holland scored, Kinsler to second advancing on throw. Andrus struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Moreland at first base. Holland pitching for Rangers. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Theriot popped out to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Hamilton grounded out to second. Moreland grounded out to pitcher. Beltre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Berkman flied out to right. Craig homered to left (384 feet). Freese grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to right. Laird hit for Rzepczynski. Adams pitching for Rangers. Descalso hit for Laird. Descalso reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina to second. Jay singled to right, Molina to third, Descalso to second. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at shortstop. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Napoli walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. Chavez hit for Adams. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Theriot struck out swinging. Pujols doubled to deep left center. Berkman walked. Craig struck out looking. Freese tripled to deep right, Pujols and Berkman scored. Molina lined out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Kinsler popped out to first. Andrus singled to shallow center. Hamilton homered to right (406 feet), Andrus scored. Moreland flied out to center. Beltre grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Descalso singled to right. Jay singled to shallow left, Descalso to second. Jackson hit for Motte. Lohse hit for Jackson. Lohse sacrificed to shortstop, Descalso to third, Jay to second. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Theriot grounded out to third, Descalso scored. Pujols intentionally walked. Berkman singled to center, Jay scored, Pujols to third. Berkman to second on fielder's indifference. Craig grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Cruz flied out to right. Napoli singled to right. Murphy flied out to center. German hit for Feldman. German grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Murphy in right field. German in left field. Freese homered to center (428 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Cardinals 10.	Cardiac Cards force Series to 7