Cardinals - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Jay struck out swinging . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Holliday doubled to deep center , Carpenter scored . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at third . Beltran flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Parra doubled to left . Prado grounded out to shortstop , Parra to third . Hill grounded out to first . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . Kozma struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Kubel flied out to right . Pollock reached on infield single to third . Pennington popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Wainwright grounded out to second . Jay singled to center . Carpenter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kennedy grounded out to shortstop . Parra lined out to pitcher . Prado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Craig struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hill grounded out to third . Montero singled to left . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Montero to second . Kubel doubled to right , Montero scored , Goldschmidt to third . Pollock doubled to center , Goldschmidt and Kubel scored . Pennington struck out swinging . Kennedy struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina struck out swinging . Descalso struck out swinging . Kozma walked . Wainwright grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kozma out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Parra singled to center . Parra caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Prado doubled to deep right . Hill reached on infield single to second , Prado scored on throwing error by second baseman Descalso . Montero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Hill out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Jay grounded out to second . Carpenter flied out to left . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Kubel singled to center . Pollock singled to left center , Kubel to second . Pennington struck out looking . Kennedy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Craig struck out swinging . Beltran lined out to left . Molina doubled to deep right center . Descalso singled to center , Molina scored , Descalso thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Parra doubled to deep center . Prado doubled to deep center , Parra scored . Hill singled to right , Prado to third . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Prado scored , Hill to second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Kubel grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt out at second , Hill to third . Pollock struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kozma struck out swinging . Wigginton hit for Rzepczynski . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Pennington struck out swinging . Hinske hit for Hernandez . Hinske flied out to center . Parra doubled to center . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Craig flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Kennedy , Diamondbacks beat up on Cards