Cardinals - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Carpenter safe at first on error by first baseman Betancourt . Beltran flied out to right . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to deep right . Segura struck out swinging . Braun grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aoki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Craig singled to left . Molina fouled out to catcher . Freese doubled to center , Craig to third . Jay struck out swinging . Kozma grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez singled to left . Weeks flied out to right . Lucroy lined out to right . Gomez singled to deep right , Ramirez to third . Gomez stole second . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Miller struck out swinging . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Holliday homered to center ( 458 feet ) , Carpenter scored . Craig singled to left center . Molina doubled to deep left , Craig thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Lohse struck out looking . Aoki singled to center . Segura struck out looking . Braun singled to deep right center , Aoki to third . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Freese singled to left center . Jay singled to right , Freese to third . Kozma grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freese out at home , Jay to second . Miller struck out bunting foul . Carpenter walked , Jay to third , Kozma to second . Beltran grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Weeks struck out looking . Lucroy flied out to right . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Brewers . Holliday singled to left . Craig lined out to left . Molina singled to right , Holliday to second . Freese lined out to left . Jay doubled to deep left , Holliday and Molina scored , Jay out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt flied out to center . Lalli hit for Lohse . Lalli lined out to center . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Kozma grounded out to shortstop . Miller struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Segura lined out to second . Braun singled to right . Ramirez singled to left , Braun to second . Gonzalez ran for Ramirez . Weeks walked , Braun to third , Gonzalez to second . Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to center , Braun scored , Gonzalez to third . Gomez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gonzalez at first base . Betancourt at third base . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Beltran homered to right center ( 375 feet ) . Holliday walked . Craig singled to deep left , Holliday to third . Molina popped out to second . Holliday scored , Craig to second on passed ball by Lucroy . Freese grounded out to third . Jay intentionally walked . Kozma singled to right , Craig thrown out at home , Jay to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Schafer hit for Kintzler . Schafer grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Betancourt out at second . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Wigginton hit for Martinez . Wigginton struck out looking . Carpenter lined out to shortstop . Beltran flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Braun grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Holliday singled to deep right . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Axford . Craig flied out to center . Molina grounded out to first , Holliday to third . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gomez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Brewers 1 .	Holliday , Beltran homer to pace Cardinals