Brewers - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Aoki struck out swinging . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter singled to center . Beltran popped out to shortstop , Carpenter to second . Holliday singled to center , Carpenter scored . Craig walked , Holliday to second . Molina singled to right , Holliday to third , Craig to second . Jay struck out swinging . Freese homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Holliday , Craig and Molina scored . Kozma singled to left center . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kozma out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez struck out swinging . Gomez grounded out to third . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter lined out to center . Beltran grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Weeks grounded out to third . Maldonado flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Craig reached on infield single to shortstop , Craig to second on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Craig to third on passed ball by Maldonado . Molina grounded out to second . Jay singled to left center , Craig scored . Freese struck out swinging . Kozma struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to left . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aoki out at second . Braun walked , Segura to second . Ramirez homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Segura and Braun scored . Gomez struck out swinging . Betancourt lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Garcia lined out to left . Carpenter doubled to deep left , Carpenter to third on error by left fielder Braun . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right , Carpenter scored . Craig singled to deep center , Holliday to third . Molina grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Weeks lined out to left . Maldonado struck out looking . Peralta popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Jay flied out to center . Freese struck out swinging . Kozma singled to center . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Aoki doubled to right . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop , Aoki to third . Segura to second on wild pitch by Garcia . Braun struck out swinging . Ramirez homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Aoki and Segura scored . Gomez singled to center . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Gomez stole second . Betancourt grounded out to second , Gomez to third . Weeks struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Carpenter reached on infield single to second . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to center . Craig singled to right , Carpenter to third . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado lined out to center . Schafer hit for Axford . Schafer grounded out to shortstop . Aoki singled to right . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aoki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Jay lined out to first . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Kozma grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop . Ramirez struck out swinging . Braun caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gomez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Adams hit for Rosenthal . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Adams struck out swinging . Carpenter fouled out to third . Beltran flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt grounded out to first . Weeks struck out swinging . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 6 - Cardinals 7 .	Freese hits grand slam ; Ramirez 2 HRs , 6 RBI