Cardinals - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . Craig grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded out to pitcher . Walker struck out looking . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Holliday struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . Jay singled to center . Cruz singled to center , Jay to third . Jay scored , Cruz to second on wild pitch by Morton . Kozma grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . Jones lined out to second . Sanchez walked . Tabata walked , Sanchez to second . Mercer walked , Sanchez to third , Tabata to second . Morton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Kelly struck out swinging . Carpenter struck out looking . Beltran flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Marte struck out swinging . Walker flied out to center . McCutchen popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Craig walked . Holliday singled to left , Craig to second . Freese singled to right , Craig to third , Holliday to second . Jay hit by pitch , Craig scored , Holliday to third , Freese to second . Cruz grounded into double play , third to first , Holliday scored , Freese out at third , Jay to second . Kozma singled to center , Jay scored . Kelly reached on infield single to pitcher , Kozma to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kelly out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez struck out looking . Jones fouled out to third . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Beltran singled to center . Craig singled to right , Beltran to second . Holliday grounded out to first , Beltran to third , Craig to second . Freese hit by pitch . Jay struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Tabata singled to right . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tabata out at second . Morton singled to right . Marte doubled to deep center , Morton to third . Walker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Kozma grounded out to second . Kelly reached on infield single to shortstop . Carpenter sacrificed to third , Kelly to second . Beltran doubled to deep center , Kelly scored . Craig grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Alvarez flied out to left . Jones flied out to left . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Holliday doubled to deep right center . Freese walked . Jay singled to center , Holliday scored , Freese to second . Cruz doubled to deep left , Freese and Jay scored . Kozma safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Adams hit for Kelly . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop , Cruz to third , Kozma to second . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to right , Cruz scored . Beltran walked , Kozma to third , Adams to second . Black pitching for Pirates . Chambers ran for Beltran . Craig doubled to deep left center , Kozma and Adams scored , Chambers to third . Holliday grounded out to first , Chambers scored , Craig to third . Freese doubled to deep center , Craig scored . Jay grounded out to second . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Chambers in right field . Peterson in left field . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Adams at first base . Tabata grounded out to first . Mercer grounded out to first . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Marte in center field . Presley in left field . Harrison at third base . Black pitching for Pirates . Cruz singled to left . Kozma struck out looking . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Black . Adams flied out to center . Carpenter walked . Chambers flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Johnson catching . Blazek pitching for Cardinals . Cruz at third base . Marte singled to left . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Marte out at second . Presley struck out swinging . Harrison flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Black pitching for Pirates . Peterson flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to second . Descalso hit for Blazek . Descalso grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Barmes hit for Black . Barmes struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to left . Tabata flied out to right . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 13 - Pirates 0 .	Cardinals rout Pirates to snap 7 - game skid