Dodgers - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Crawford singled to left . Ellis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . Gonzalez singled to left . Puig struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Carpenter doubled to deep center , Carpenter to third on error by right fielder Puig . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter scored . Craig flied out to center , Beltran to second . Holliday lined out to center , Beltran to third . Freese grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ethier lined out to second . Ellis lined out to center . Uribe singled to left . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Jay struck out looking . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Descalso grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Greinke struck out looking . Crawford struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Wainwright flied out to right . Carpenter lined out to center . Beltran doubled to deep right . Craig hit by pitch . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltran to third , Craig to second . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez walked . Puig doubled to deep center , Gonzalez to third . Ethier singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Puig to third . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Puig scored , Ethier out at second . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellis out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Jay singled to right . Cruz singled to right center , Jay to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher , Cruz to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Punto walked . Greinke sacrificed to pitcher , Punto to second . Crawford grounded out to second , Punto to third . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Beltran grounded out to second . Craig singled to right center . Holliday fouled out to first . Freese doubled to deep right center , Craig thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez struck out looking . Puig struck out swinging . Ethier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Jay struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to right . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ellis lined out to right . Uribe grounded out to second . Punto doubled to left . Greinke singled to center , Punto scored . Crawford lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Chambers hit for Wainwright . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Chambers walked . Carpenter singled to right , Chambers to second . Beltran sacrificed to pitcher , Chambers to third , Carpenter to second . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Craig grounded out to first , Chambers scored , Carpenter to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Ellis flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Puig flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Freese hit by pitch . Kozma ran for Freese . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker in left field . Jay grounded out to first . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kozma out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Kozma at shortstop . Descalso at third base . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Ethier struck out swinging . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Ellis grounded out to third . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Descalso struck out swinging . Adams hit for Maness . Adams grounded out to first . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Cardinals 2 .	Dodgers earn 15th straight win on the road