Cardinals - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Carpenter grounded out to first . Jay lined out to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson singled to right . LeMahieu doubled to deep center , Dickerson to third . Tulowitzki singled to right , Dickerson and LeMahieu scored . Cuddyer singled to left center , Tulowitzki to second . Helton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Cuddyer out at second , Tulowitzki to third . Pacheco lined out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Freese grounded out to pitcher . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Adams grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rutledge struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . Chatwood safe at first on error by first baseman Adams . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Robinson grounded out to third . Descalso hit ground rule double to deep center . Wainwright doubled to deep left , Descalso scored . Wainwright to third on wild pitch by Chatwood . Carpenter singled to right , Wainwright scored . Jay singled to center , Carpenter to second . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jay out at second , Carpenter to third . Freese grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu lined out to right . Tulowitzki singled to left . Cuddyer lined out to right . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Molina doubled to deep right . Adams grounded out to second , Molina to third . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Descalso intentionally walked . Wainwright singled to left , Molina scored , Descalso to second . Carpenter flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pacheco grounded out to third . Rutledge struck out looking . Blackmon singled to center . Chatwood singled to center , Blackmon to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Holliday doubled to deep right center . Freese struck out swinging . Molina singled to deep right center , Holliday scored , Molina out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Adams grounded out to first . Robinson grounded out to second . Descalso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Helton doubled to deep right center . Pacheco lined out to first . Rutledge grounded out to third . Blackmon doubled to left , Helton scored . Wheeler hit for Chatwood . Wheeler lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Dickerson in center field . Culberson in left field . Blackmon in right field . Outman pitching for Rockies . Wainwright singled to left center . Carpenter walked , Wainwright to second . Jay bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Wainwright out at third , Carpenter to second . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Holliday flied out to center , Carpenter to third . Freese grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Peterson at first base . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson lined out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Molina flied out to right . Peterson struck out looking . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Culberson struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to first . Pacheco singled to left . Rutledge walked , Pacheco to second . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Descalso flied out to center . Cruz hit for Rosenthal . Cruz struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to left . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Kozma at shortstop . Fowler hit for Brothers . Fowler singled to right . Dickerson sacrificed to pitcher , Fowler to second . LeMahieu flied out to right . Tulowitzki intentionally walked . Culberson reached on infield single to third , Fowler to third , Tulowitzki to second . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Rockies 3 .	Wainwright , Cards widen lead in NL Central