Cardinals - Top 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Carpenter walked . Jay struck out swinging . Beltran grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Carpenter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Aoki singled to center . Gennett struck out swinging . Lucroy doubled to left , Aoki to third . Ramirez singled to left , Aoki scored , Lucroy to third . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lucroy scored , Ramirez out at second . Gomez stole second . Schafer flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Adams struck out swinging . Molina walked . Molina to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Freese hit by pitch . Descalso lined out to center . Robinson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Bianchi grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado safe at first on error by third baseman Freese . Peralta sacrificed to pitcher , Maldonado to second . Aoki doubled to deep left , Maldonado scored . Gennett safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kelly , Aoki scored . Lucroy flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Kelly flied out to right . Carpenter homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Jay lined out to shortstop . Beltran walked . Adams flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Gomez lined out to third . Schafer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Molina flied out to center . Freese flied out to right . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Bianchi grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado flied out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Robinson popped out to second . Kelly struck out looking . Carpenter walked . Jay singled to right , Carpenter to second . Beltran walked , Carpenter to third , Jay to second . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Aoki walked . Gennett singled to left , Aoki to second . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gennett out at second , Aoki to third . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to first , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Molina singled to left . Freese reached on infield single to third , Molina to second . Descalso singled to right , Molina to third , Freese to second . Hand pitching for Brewers . Robinson hit sacrifice fly to right , Molina scored , Freese to third , Descalso to second . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to right , Freese scored , Descalso to third . Carpenter struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Gomez tripled to left . Schafer struck out looking . Bianchi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez out at home . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hand pitching for Brewers . Jay grounded out to second . Beltran struck out swinging . Adams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Francisco hit for Hand . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Francisco grounded out to first . Aoki walked . Gennett doubled to deep center , Aoki scored , Gennett to third on error by catcher Molina . Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to left , Gennett scored . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Molina struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to second . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Gomez flied out to center . Schafer flied out to left . Bianchi singled to right . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Betancourt at first base . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Robinson grounded out to pitcher . Chambers hit for Axford . Chambers struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to right center . Jay singled to center , Carpenter to second . Beltran singled to right center , Carpenter scored , Jay to second . Adams struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Brewers 6 .	Aoki , Brewers bury playoff - bound Cardinals