Rockies - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to right center. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon out at second. Gonzalez doubled to center, Cuddyer scored. Tulowitzki singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Morneau singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado singled to left, Tulowitzki to third, Morneau to second. Pacheco singled to center, Tulowitzki scored, Morneau to third, Arenado to second. LeMahieu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pacheco out at second. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich doubled to left. Stanton struck out swinging. Jones singled to center, Dietrich scored. McGehee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Lyles struck out looking. Blackmon grounded out to first. Cuddyer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Ozuna struck out swinging. Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez walked. Tulowitzki flied into double play, left to shortstop to first, Gonzalez doubled off first. Morneau lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Yelich grounded out to second. Dietrich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Arenado safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria. Pacheco singled to left, Arenado to second. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Arenado to third, Pacheco safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Dietrich. Arenado scored, Pacheco to third, LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Alvarez. Lyles walked. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Blackmon walked, Pacheco scored, LeMahieu to third, Lyles to second. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to center, LeMahieu scored. Gonzalez struck out looking. Tulowitzki walked, Lyles to third, Blackmon to second. Morneau flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Stanton flied out to center. Jones singled to right. McGehee struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Arenado fouled out to catcher. Pacheco reached on infield single to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pacheco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Ozuna singled to left. Hechavarria grounded out to third, Ozuna to second. Slowey grounded out to shortstop, Ozuna to third. Yelich lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Lyles struck out looking. Blackmon singled to center. Cuddyer singled to right, Blackmon to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Blackmon in left field. Stubbs in center field. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Dietrich hit by pitch. Blackmon in left field. Stubbs in center field. Dietrich hit by pitch. Stanton homered to right (414 feet), Dietrich scored. Jones walked. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. McGehee doubled to left, Jones to third. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ozuna struck out swinging. Jones scored, McGehee to third on wild pitch by Ottavino. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Morneau grounded out to first. Arenado struck out swinging. Pacheco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Solano hit for Slowey. Solano grounded out to second. Yelich flied out to left. Dietrich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. LeMahieu singled to center. Barnes hit for Belisle. Barnes sacrificed to pitcher, LeMahieu to second. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeMahieu out at third. Cuddyer singled to center, Blackmon to second. Stubbs grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Stanton walked. Jones flied out to center. McGehee walked, Stanton to second. Saltalamacchia flied out to right. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Morneau grounded out to second. Arenado fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Hechavarria batting. Dobbs struck out swinging. Hechavarria to second on wild pitch by Hawkins. Yelich grounded out to second, Hechavarria to third. Dietrich walked. Stanton singled to left, Hechavarria scored, Dietrich to second. Jones popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Marlins 5.	Lyles, Pacheco carry Rockies past Marlins