Marlins - Top 1st. Petit pitching for Giants. Yelich homered to center (436 feet). Dietrich popped out to shortstop. Stanton flied out to center. McGehee flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Pagan singled to left. Pence singled to right, Pagan to second. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pence out at second, Pagan to third. Sandoval doubled to deep left, Pagan scored. Morse grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Petit pitching for Giants. Johnson struck out swinging. Jones struck out looking. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Hechavarria popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Colvin struck out looking. Crawford doubled to deep right. Hicks flied out to right. Petit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Petit pitching for Giants. Alvarez grounded out to third. Yelich safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford. Dietrich homered to right (387 feet), Yelich scored. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Pagan grounded out to pitcher. Pence grounded out to third. Posey grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Petit pitching for Giants. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Jones doubled to deep right. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Jones to third. Hechavarria hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored. Alvarez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Sandoval doubled to deep left. Morse reached on infield single to third, Sandoval to third. Colvin struck out swinging, Morse to second on wild pitch by Alvarez. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center, Sandoval scored. Hicks doubled to deep left, Morse scored. Petit struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Petit pitching for Giants. Yelich singled to center. Dietrich popped out to first. Stanton flied out to right. Yelich stole second. McGehee singled to center, Yelich scored. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Pagan doubled to left center. Pence flied out to right, Pagan to third. Posey hit sacrifice fly to right, Pagan scored. Sandoval grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Huff pitching for Giants. Jones lined out to third. Saltalamacchia singled to left. Hechavarria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at second. Alvarez singled to right center, Hechavarria to third. Yelich grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Morse singled to left. Colvin struck out swinging. Crawford popped out to shortstop. Hicks safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee, Morse to second. Blanco hit for Huff. Blanco singled to right, Morse scored, Hicks to third. Pagan grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Machi pitching for Giants. Dietrich flied out to center. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Pence lined out to left. Posey walked. Sandoval grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Machi pitching for Giants. Johnson struck out swinging. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Jones singled to right. Saltalamacchia singled to left, Jones to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. Hechavarria walked, Jones to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Lucas hit for Ramos. Lucas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hechavarria out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Morse flied out to right. Colvin doubled to right. Crawford struck out swinging. Hicks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Yelich walked. Dietrich singled to left, Yelich to second. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee singled to right, Yelich scored, Dietrich to third. Johnson lined out to third. Lopez pitching for Giants. Adrianza at second base. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Dietrich scored, McGehee to second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Yelich in left field. Ozuna in center field. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Sanchez hit for Adrianza. Sanchez walked. Pagan lined out to left. Pence fouled out to first. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Giants 5.	Marlins earn rare road win, 7-5 at San Francisco