Braves - Top 1st. Turner pitching for Marlins. Heyward flied out to left. Upton singled to center. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Upton lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Braves. Yelich singled to left. Dietrich grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Turner pitching for Marlins. Johnson struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. La Stella grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Braves. McGehee lined out to right. Jones singled to center. Jones caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Turner pitching for Marlins. Laird singled to center. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Heyward walked, Laird to second. Upton lined out to shortstop. Freeman doubled to deep right, Laird and Heyward scored. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop, Freeman scored on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria. Upton stole second. Johnson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Turner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Simmons struck out swinging. La Stella walked. Laird walked, La Stella to second. Santana sacrificed to third, La Stella to third, Laird to second. Heyward singled to center, La Stella and Laird scored. Upton singled to left, Heyward to second. Freeman walked, Heyward to third, Upton to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freeman out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Braves. Yelich tripled to deep right center. Dietrich singled to left, Yelich scored. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee flied out to right. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Johnson struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to third. La Stella singled to center. La Stella stole second. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Braves. Ozuna walked. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Hechavarria singled to left, Ozuna to second. Baker hit for Turner. Baker grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hechavarria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Caminero pitching for Marlins. Santana flied out to center. Heyward flied out to right. Upton popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Braves. Yelich reached on infield single to second. Dietrich tripled to deep right center, Yelich scored. Stanton walked. McGehee hit sacrifice fly to right, Dietrich scored. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stanton out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Caminero pitching for Marlins. Freeman grounded out to first. Upton struck out swinging. Johnson singled to center. Simmons walked. La Stella singled to right, Johnson scored, Simmons to third. Laird struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Varvaro pitching for Braves. Pena at second base. Ozuna flied out to right. Saltalamacchia walked. Hechavarria lined out to right. Johnson hit for Caminero. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Pena singled to center. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pena out at second. Upton struck out swinging. Heyward stole second. Freeman walked. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Yelich bunt grounded out to pitcher. Dietrich struck out looking. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Stanton singled to left. McGehee doubled to deep right, Stanton scored. Jones walked. Ozuna singled to center, McGehee scored, Jones to second. Simmons pitching for Braves. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Johnson grounded out to third. Simmons reached on infield single to third. Doumit hit for Simmons. Doumit walked, Simmons to second. Laird singled to left, Simmons scored, Doumit to third. Pena sacrificed to catcher, Doumit scored, Laird to second, Pena safe at second on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Laird to third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Heyward intentionally walked. Upton walked, Laird scored, Pena to third, Heyward to second. Yelich in center field. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Lucas in left field. Freeman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Upton out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Hale pitching for Braves. Hechavarria singled to right center. Lucas grounded out to second, Hechavarria to second. Yelich walked. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Dietrich struck out swinging. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hechavarria to third, Yelich safe at second on error by second baseman Pena. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Braves 9 - Marlins 5.	Heyward, Freeman lift Braves over Marlins