Pirates - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Marlins. Polanco grounded out to second. Marte singled to center. McCutchen flied out to right. Sanchez singled to center, Marte to second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Furcal struck out looking. Johnson hit by pitch. Stanton walked, Johnson to second. McGehee grounded into double play, second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Marlins. Mercer homered to left center (407 feet). Alvarez singled to left. Stewart singled to center, Alvarez to second. Morton reached on bunt single to third, Alvarez to third, Stewart to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alvarez scored, Morton out at second, Stewart to third. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Jones singled to left. Ozuna walked, Jones to second. Realmuto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ozuna out at second, Jones to third. Hechavarria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Marlins. McCutchen singled to left. Sanchez walked, McCutchen to second. Harrison flied out to center. Mercer flied out to right, McCutchen to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Wolf singled to center. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wolf out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. Stanton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wolf pitching for Marlins. Stewart singled to right. Morton sacrificed to pitcher, Stewart to second. Polanco walked. Marte struck out swinging. McCutchen homered to left center (421 feet), Stewart and Polanco scored. Sanchez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. McGehee struck out swinging. Jones walked. Ozuna tripled to right, Jones scored. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop, Ozuna scored. Hechavarria singled to right. Solano hit for Wolf. Solano grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Harrison singled to center. Mercer doubled to right, Harrison scored. Alvarez grounded out to second, Mercer to third. Stewart hit by pitch. Morton sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer scored, Stewart to second. Polanco singled to center, Stewart scored. Marte singled to right, Polanco to third. McCutchen walked, Marte to second. Sanchez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Furcal lined out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Slowey pitching for Marlins. Harrison singled to right center. Mercer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Harrison out at second. Alvarez singled to right. Stewart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. McGehee grounded out to second. Jones flied out to left. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Baker at first base. Morton lined out to pitcher. Polanco reached on infield single to second. Marte struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Realmuto singled to left. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Realmuto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Davis hit for Sanchez. Morris pitching for Marlins. Davis grounded out to second. Harrison singled to center. Mercer flied out to left. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Davis at first base. Barmes at second base. Pimentel pitching for Pirates. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. Stanton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Stewart singled to right center, Stewart out at second. Pimentel struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Pimentel pitching for Pirates. McGehee reached on infield single to second. Lucas hit for Dunn. Lucas struck out looking. Ozuna homered to right center (390 feet), McGehee scored. Realmuto fouled out to third. Hechavarria singled to center. Hechavarria to second on fielder's indifference. Baker homered to left (401 feet), Hechavarria scored. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Furcal singled to center. Johnson fouled out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 8 - Marlins 6.	McCutchen homers as Pirates beat Marlins 8-6