Cubs - Top 1st. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Valbuena popped out to second. Ruggiano flied out to center. Rizzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Furcal singled to center. Hechavarria singled to center, Furcal to second. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hechavarria out at second, Furcal to third, Furcal scored on throwing error by shortstop Castro. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 2nd. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Castro struck out swinging. Schierholtz hit by pitch. Lake homered to left center (419 feet), Schierholtz scored. Barney singled to center. Whiteside singled to left center, Barney to second. Barney stole third. Whiteside stole second. Samardzija hit sacrifice fly to center, Barney scored, Whiteside to third. Valbuena flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Ozuna struck out swinging. Marisnick singled to center. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop, Marisnick to second. DeSclafani walked. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Ruggiano flied out to center. Rizzo struck out swinging. Castro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Hechavarria singled to center. Hechavarria to second on passed ball by Whiteside. Stanton grounded out to pitcher. McGehee struck out swinging. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Schierholtz flied out to right. Lake grounded out to third. Barney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Ozuna walked. Marisnick singled to left, Ozuna to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ozuna safe at third on error by pitcher Samardzija, Marisnick to second. DeSclafani grounded into double play, catcher to first, Ozuna out at home, Marisnick to third, Realmuto to second. Furcal singled to center, Marisnick and Realmuto scored. Hechavarria singled to center, Furcal to third. Stanton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 5th. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Whiteside grounded out to shortstop. Samardzija struck out swinging. Valbuena doubled to deep left center. Ruggiano walked. Rizzo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. McGehee walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, McGehee out at second. Ozuna struck out looking. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Castro doubled to left. Schierholtz lined out to left. Lake grounded out to first, Castro to third. Barney flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Samardzija pitching for Cubs. Realmuto struck out swinging. DeSclafani grounded out to second. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Whiteside lined out to left. Coghlan hit for Samardzija. Coghlan singled to left. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Valbuena doubled to right, Coghlan scored. Ruggiano grounded out to third. Rizzo intentionally walked. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Valbuena out at third, Rizzo to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Schlitter pitching for Cubs. Hechavarria reached on bunt single to pitcher. Stanton grounded out to second, Hechavarria to second. McGehee walked. Jones homered to right (367 feet), Hechavarria and McGehee scored. Ozuna flied out to right. Marisnick struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Schierholtz singled to right. Lake struck out swinging. Barney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schierholtz out at second. Baker hit for Whiteside. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Baker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Baker catching. Sweeney in center field. Realmuto walked. Bour hit for Dunn. Bour grounded out to second, Realmuto to second. Furcal grounded out to second, Realmuto to third. Hechavarria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Mathis catching. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Sweeney doubled to center. Sweeney to third on passed ball by Mathis. Valbuena struck out swinging. Ruggiano hit sacrifice fly to center, Sweeney scored. Rizzo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 5 - Marlins 6.	Garrett Jones' HR helps Marlins beat Cubs, 6-5