Marlins - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Yelich grounded out to second. Solano struck out looking. Stanton walked. McGehee lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Blackmon lined out to left. Barnes popped out to shortstop. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Jones singled to center. Ozuna singled to center, Jones to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Hechavarria lined out to center. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson singled to left. McKenry grounded into double play, second to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Yelich hit by pitch. Solano grounded out to second, Yelich to second. Stanton doubled to right, Yelich scored. McGehee popped out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Culberson singled to center. LeMahieu singled to left, Culberson to third. Lyles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Culberson scored, LeMahieu out at second. Blackmon doubled to third. Barnes homered to left (363 feet), Blackmon scored. Morneau flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia walked. Hechavarria reached on infield single to second, Saltalamacchia to second. Koehler sacrificed to pitcher, Saltalamacchia to third, Hechavarria to second. Yelich walked. Solano walked, Saltalamacchia scored, Hechavarria to third, Yelich to second. Stanton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Arenado singled to left. Dickerson singled to center, Arenado to second. McKenry flied out to center. Culberson lined out to center. LeMahieu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. McGehee lined out to right. Jones grounded out to first. Ozuna walked. Saltalamacchia doubled to deep left, Ozuna scored. Hechavarria safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado, Saltalamacchia to third. Koehler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hechavarria out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Lyles grounded out to second. Blackmon singled to center. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Yelich grounded out to second. Solano grounded out to shortstop. Stanton singled to center. McGehee singled to left, Stanton to third. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Arenado grounded out to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Ozuna flied out to center. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Hechavarria lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. McKenry struck out swinging. Culberson grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Valdespin hit for Koehler. Logan pitching for Rockies. Valdespin reached on bunt single to second. Yelich struck out swinging. Culberson at second base. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Rutledge at shortstop. Solano struck out looking. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Rutledge reached on infield single to shortstop. Blackmon sacrificed to third, Rutledge to second. Barnes grounded out to first, Rutledge to third. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Morneau lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out swinging. Ozuna singled to center. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Ozuna to third. Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop, Ozuna scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Baker hit for Dunn. Baker struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson homered to right (429 feet). McKenry walked. Culberson struck out looking. Stubbs hit for Hawkins. Stubbs singled to left, McKenry to second. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stubbs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 10th. Masset pitching for Rockies. Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Solano struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Blackmon singled to deep right. Barnes struck out bunting foul. Morneau flied out to left, Blackmon to second. Arenado lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 11th. Masset pitching for Rockies. McGehee singled to left center. Jones hit by pitch, McGehee to second. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to third to second, Jones out at second, McGehee out at third, Ozuna to first. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Dickerson lined out to center. McKenry fouled out to second. Culberson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 12th. Brown pitching for Rockies. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Johnson hit for Hatcher. Johnson struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 12th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Cuddyer hit for Brown. Cuddyer walked. Matzek ran for Cuddyer. Rutledge sacrificed to pitcher, Matzek to second. Blackmon intentionally walked. Barnes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blackmon out at second, Matzek to third. Morneau popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 13th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Solano grounded out to first. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 13th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Arenado doubled to deep left. Dickerson singled to right, Arenado scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Rockies 5.	Dickerson's hit in 13th lifts Rockies past Marlins