Mets - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to second. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Yelich grounded out to first. Solano struck out swinging. Stanton homered to left (390 feet). McGehee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Duda grounded out to pitcher. d'Arnaud flied out to right. den Dekker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Jones walked. Ozuna tripled to deep center, Jones scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Alvarez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Herrera homered to left (384 feet). Flores singled to right. Wheeler sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Flores to second. Lagares grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wheeler out at second, Flores to third. Granderson walked, Lagares to second. Wright singled to center, Flores and Lagares scored, Granderson to third, Granderson scored, Wright to second on throwing error by center fielder Ozuna. Hand pitching for Marlins. Wright stole third. Duda struck out swinging. d'Arnaud grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Yelich struck out swinging. Solano hit by pitch. Stanton flied out to center. McGehee singled to center, Solano to second. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Herrera, Solano to third, McGehee to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Hand pitching for Marlins. den Dekker reached on infield single to first. Herrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, den Dekker out at second. Flores lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia walked. Hechavarria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. Hand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Wheeler struck out swinging. Lagares singled to center. Lagares stole second. Granderson struck out swinging. Wright grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Yelich struck out swinging. Solano safe at first on error by third baseman Wright. Stanton flied out to left. McGehee doubled to deep center, Solano scored. Jones singled to center, McGehee scored, Jones to second advancing on throw. Carlyle pitching for Mets. Ozuna singled to left, Jones scored. Ozuna caught stealing second, catcher to third. Saltalamacchia batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 6th. Hand pitching for Marlins. Duda grounded out to first. d'Arnaud singled to center. den Dekker walked, d'Arnaud to second. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Herrera tripled to deep right, d'Arnaud and den Dekker scored. Flores grounded out to shortstop. Nieuwenhuis hit for Carlyle. Nieuwenhuis intentionally walked. Nieuwenhuis stole second. Lagares struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Torres pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Hechavarria reached on bunt single to second, Hechavarria to second on throwing error by second baseman Herrera. Valdespin hit for Dyson. Valdespin walked. Yelich singled to center, Hechavarria scored, Valdespin to third. Solano grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Yelich out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Granderson struck out swinging. Wright struck out swinging. Duda singled to right center. d'Arnaud singled to left, Duda to second. Campbell hit for den Dekker. Campbell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Campbell in left field. Torres pitching for Mets. Stanton fouled out to left. McGehee walked. Jones struck out swinging. Ozuna popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Herrera flied out to left. Flores flied out to left. Young Jr. hit for Torres. Young Jr. grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Familia pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia doubled to left. Hechavarria sacrificed to third, Saltalamacchia to third, Hechavarria safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Familia. Saltalamacchia to third on throwing error by pitcher Familia. Johnson hit for Ramos. Saltalamacchia scored, Hechavarria to second on wild pitch by Familia, Hechavarria safe at third on throwing error by catcher d'Arnaud. Johnson grounded out to third. Yelich intentionally walked. Solano sacrificed to first, Hechavarria scored, Yelich to second, Solano safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Familia. Yelich to third on throwing error by pitcher Familia. Goeddel pitching for Mets. Stanton intentionally walked. McGehee walked, Yelich scored, Solano to third, Stanton to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McGehee out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 3 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Lagares lined out to center. Granderson struck out looking. Wright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Marlins 9.	Stanton HRs, Marlins score 3 in 8th to beat Mets