Mets - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Marlins. Lagares singled to right center. Granderson grounded out to first, Lagares to second. Wright singled to center, Lagares scored. Duda struck out swinging. d'Arnaud singled to center, Wright to second. den Dekker singled to right center, Wright scored, d'Arnaud to third. Herrera popped out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Yelich reached on bunt single to pitcher. Solano lined out to right. Stanton flied out to right, Yelich to second. McGehee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Flores singled to center. Niese sacrificed to third, Flores to second. Lagares doubled to deep right, Flores scored. Granderson grounded out to first, Lagares to third. Lagares scored on Penny's wild pitch. Wright doubled to deep right center. Duda struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Ozuna lined out to center. Baker struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Marlins. d'Arnaud walked. den Dekker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, d'Arnaud out at second. Herrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Lucas hit for Penny. Lucas flied out to right. Yelich doubled to left. Solano reached on infield single to third, Yelich scored, Solano to second on throwing error by third baseman Wright. Stanton homered to center (414 feet), Solano scored. McGehee singled to center. Ozuna struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Flores reached on infield single to shortstop. Niese sacrificed to pitcher, Flores to second. Lagares singled to center, Flores scored. Lagares stole second. Granderson struck out swinging. Wright hit ground rule double to deep right, Lagares scored. Wright to third on wild pitch by DeSclafani. Duda singled to center, Wright scored. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Baker singled to right. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Baker to second. Hechavarria grounded out to second, Baker to third, Saltalamacchia to second. Johnson hit for DeSclafani. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Baker scored. Yelich singled to left center, Saltalamacchia scored. Solano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Capps pitching for Marlins. den Dekker struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Mets. Stanton doubled to right center. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Capps pitching for Marlins. Niese singled to center. Lagares singled to right, Niese to second. Granderson flied out to left, Niese to third, Lagares to second. Wright hit sacrifice fly to left, Niese scored. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Jones at first base. Duda struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Mets. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Hechavarria tripled to deep right. Jones grounded out to second, Hechavarria scored. Yelich struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. d'Arnaud singled to left. den Dekker reached on infield single to shortstop, d'Arnaud to second. Herrera grounded into double play, second to first, den Dekker out at second, d'Arnaud to third. Flores grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Mets. Solano singled to right. Stanton flied out to center. McGehee grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Solano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Young Jr. hit for Torres. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Young Jr. struck out swinging. Lagares walked. Granderson flied out to center. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Valdespin at second base. Lagares stole second. Wright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Familia pitching for Mets. Ozuna struck out swinging. Valdespin grounded out to first. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Duda walked. d'Arnaud singled to left, Duda to second. den Dekker grounded into fielder's choice to third, d'Arnaud out at second, Duda to third. den Dekker stole second. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. Flores grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Mejia pitching for Mets. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Marlins 6.	Stanton picks up 100th RBI, 35th HR in loss