Rays - Top 1st . Hart pitching for Red Sox . Brosseau walked . Martínez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brosseau safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Arauz . Díaz singled to right , Brosseau scored , Martínez to second . Renfroe struck out swinging . Lowe struck out swinging . Adames singled to right , Martínez scored , Díaz to second . Margot flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Glasnow pitching for Rays . Verdugo doubled to left . Verdugo to third on passed ball by Zunino . Devers singled to left center , Verdugo scored . Devers to second on wild pitch by Glasnow . Martinez walked . Moreland struck out swinging . Pillar struck out swinging . Plawecki doubled to deep right center , Martinez scored and Devers scored . Arauz singled to left , Plawecki to third . Bradley Jr. flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Hart pitching for Red Sox . Tsutsugo struck out swinging . Zunino fouled out to catcher . Brosseau walked . Brosseau to second on balk . Martínez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Glasnow pitching for Rays . Peraza fouled out to first . Verdugo grounded out to first . Devers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Hart pitching for Red Sox . Díaz walked . Renfroe homered to right ( 395 feet ) , Díaz scored . Lowe homered to right ( 459 feet ) . Adames doubled to left center . Margot singled to right center , Adames to third . Tsutsugo singled to deep right , Adames scored , Margot to third . Valdéz pitching for Red Sox . Zunino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Margot scored , Tsutsugo out at second . Brosseau singled to center , Zunino to second . Martínez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Brosseau out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Glasnow pitching for Rays . Martinez walked . Moreland singled to right center , Martinez to second . Pillar struck out looking . Plawecki struck out looking . Arauz doubled to deep right , Martinez scored , Moreland to third . Bradley Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Red Sox . Díaz singled to right . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Díaz to second , Díaz safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Devers . Lowe singled to center , Díaz scored , Renfroe to second . Adames struck out swinging . Margot reached on infield single to third , Renfroe scored on error , Margot safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Devers , Lowe safe at third on error . Tsutsugo hit sacrifice fly to right , Lowe scored . Zunino lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Glasnow pitching for Rays . Peraza doubled to left . Verdugo struck out swinging . Devers struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep center , Peraza scored . Moreland struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Red Sox . Brosseau grounded out to third . Martínez struck out swinging . Díaz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Beeks pitching for Rays . Pillar grounded out to third . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . Arauz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Walden pitching for Red Sox . Renfroe homered to left . Lowe walked . Adames tripled to deep right , Lowe scored . Margot singled to center , Adames scored . Tsutsugo singled to right center , Margot to third . Zunino homered to left , Margot scored and Tsutsugo scored . Osich pitching for Red Sox . Brosseau struck out swinging . Martínez grounded out to third . Díaz struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Beeks pitching for Rays . Bradley Jr. grounded out to second . Peraza doubled to deep right center . Verdugo grounded out to first , Peraza to third . Devers flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Chavis at first base . Osich pitching for Red Sox . Renfroe safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Devers . Lowe struck out swinging . Adames struck out swinging . Margot singled to left , Renfroe to third . Tsutsugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Banda pitching for Rays . Martinez grounded out to third . Chavis tripled to center . Pillar hit by pitch . Plawecki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pillar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Zunino struck out looking . Brosseau struck out swinging . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Banda pitching for Rays . Arauz lined out to center . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Peraza flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Lin at shortstop . Jose Peraza pitching for Red Sox . Díaz singled to left . Renfroe doubled to left , Díaz to third . Lowe lined out to pitcher , Díaz scored , Renfroe to third . Lin catching . Kevin Plawecki pitching for Red Sox . Arauz at shortstop . Vázquez at second base . Adames walked . Margot lined out to left . Tsutsugo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Banda pitching for Rays . Verdugo walked . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Verdugo out at second . Lin popped out to third . Chavis singled to center , Devers to second . Pillar doubled to deep center , Chavis scored and Devers scored . Plawecki singled to left , Pillar scored . Arauz struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 17 - Red Sox 8 .	Zunino hits 3 - run HR ; Rays bash Sox to complete 4 - game sweep