Royals - Top 1st . Perkins pitching for Twins . Crisp doubled to deep right center . Bloomquist singled to right , Crisp to third . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp scored , Bloomquist out at second . Guillen singled to center . Buck popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Span grounded out to second . Casilla walked . Mauer singled to shallow left , Casilla to second . Morneau struck out swinging . Casilla out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Callaspo doubled to deep right . DeJesus grounded out to first , Callaspo to third . Olivo singled to center , Callaspo scored . Aviles singled to center , Olivo to second . Crisp grounded into double play , third to first , Olivo out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Crede safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aviles . Cuddyer singled to center , Crede to second . Buscher flied out to left . Young singled to center , Crede scored , Cuddyer to third , Cuddyer scored , Young to third on throwing error by center fielder Crisp . Punto hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Span flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Perkins pitching for Twins . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Butler grounded out to third . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Casilla struck out looking . Mauer singled to center . Morneau popped out to first . Crede popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Buck safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Punto . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Buck out at second . DeJesus struck out looking . Olivo fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Buscher popped out to shortstop . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Aviles popped out to second . Crisp flied out to left . Bloomquist homered to center . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Punto grounded out to second . Span hit by pitch . Casilla flied out to left . Mauer doubled to deep right , Span scored . Morneau intentionally walked . Crede flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to center . DeJesus singled to left , Callaspo to second . Olivo tripled to deep right , Callaspo and DeJesus scored . Aviles struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Cuddyer homered to center . Buscher grounded out to second . Young singled to left . Young stole second . Punto singled to left , Young to third . Wright pitching for Royals . Span singled to right , Young scored , Punto to second . Casilla flied out to left , Punto thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Ayala pitching for Twins . Crisp reached on bunt single to third . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp out at second . Bloomquist stole second . Butler singled to center , Bloomquist scored . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Butler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Royals . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . Crede singled to deep right , Crede out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Twins . Buck struck out looking . Callaspo doubled to deep right center . Mijares pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop , Callaspo to third . Olivo safe at first on error by second baseman Casilla , Callaspo scored . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Olivo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Pena at shortstop . Cruz pitching for Royals . Cuddyer walked . Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Cruz . Buscher flied out to left . Cuddyer to third on passed ball by Olivo . Young singled to right , Cuddyer scored . Gomez ran for Young . Punto walked , Gomez to second . Span fouled out to left . Kubel hit for Casilla . Mahay pitching for Royals . Kubel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Span in left field . Harris at second base . Gomez in center field . Nathan pitching for Twins . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist singled to center . Bloomquist stole second . Butler grounded out to third , Bloomquist to third . Guillen lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Maier in right field . Mahay pitching for Royals . Mauer flied out to center . Morneau grounded out to second . Crede singled to center . Crede to second on wild pitch by Mahay . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Buck flied out to left . Callaspo grounded out to second . DeJesus walked . Olivo hit by pitch , DeJesus to second . Pena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Buscher doubled to deep right . Gomez flied out to center . Soria pitching for Royals . Buscher to third on wild pitch by Soria . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Span grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 11th . Breslow pitching for Twins . Crisp walked . Bloomquist walked , Crisp to second . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bloomquist out at second , Crisp to third . Teahen hit for Maier . Teahen walked , Butler to second . Dickey pitching for Twins . Buck walked , Crisp scored , Butler to third , Teahen to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Butler scored , Buck out at second , Teahen to third . DeJesus singled to left , Teahen scored , Callaspo to second . Olivo hit by pitch , Callaspo to third , DeJesus to second . Pena grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 11th . Bloomquist in right field . Teahen at third base . Callaspo at second base . Soria pitching for Royals . Harris struck out swinging . Mauer singled to left center . Morales ran for Mauer . Morneau grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 10 - Twins 7 .	Soria finds form , seals deal for Royals vs. Twins