Twins - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Span safe at first on error by shortstop Greene . Harris grounded out to third , Span to second . Mauer singled to right , Span to third . Morneau homered to right , Span and Mauer scored . Kubel grounded out to first . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Schumaker struck out swinging . Greene flied out to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Crede singled to center . Tolbert flied out to left . Liriano struck out bunting foul . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crede out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick grounded out to second . Ankiel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Harris safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Greene . Mauer singled to left , Harris to second . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second , Harris to third . Kubel singled to center , Harris scored . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . LaRue lined out to left . Pineiro struck out swinging . Greene grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Crede struck out swinging . Tolbert grounded out to second . Liriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Schumaker lined out to center . Greene struck out swinging . Pujols walked . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Span safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Schumaker . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Span out at third . Mauer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Ludwick doubled to deep center . Ankiel doubled to right , Ludwick scored . LaRue singled to center , Ankiel scored . Pineiro sacrificed to pitcher , LaRue to second . Greene grounded out to shortstop , LaRue to third . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Morneau flied out to left . Kubel singled to left . Cuddyer flied out to center . Crede fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Greene struck out swinging . Pujols struck out swinging . DeRosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Pineiro pitching for Cardinals . Tolbert singled to center . Liriano sacrificed to catcher , Tolbert to second . Span reached on infield single to shortstop , Tolbert to third . Harris hit sacrifice fly to left , Tolbert scored . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Span caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Mauer batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Ludwick singled to left . Ankiel grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ludwick out at second . Ankiel stole second . LaRue grounded out to third . Thurston hit for Miller . Thurston walked . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Thurston at third base . Mauer grounded out to second . Morneau lined out to left . Kubel doubled to deep center . Gomez ran for Kubel . Cuddyer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Span in left field . Gomez in center field . Mijares pitching for Twins . Schumaker walked . Ryan hit for Hawksworth . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Rasmus hit for Ryan . Rasmus grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . Pujols doubled to left . DeRosa walked . Ludwick popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Kinney pitching for Cardinals . Crede singled to left . Tolbert sacrificed to catcher , Crede to second . Buscher hit for Guerrier . Buscher walked . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Buscher out at second , Crede to third . Harris singled to right center , Crede scored , Span to third . Harris to second on fielder 's indifference . Mauer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Dickey pitching for Twins . Ankiel grounded out to shortstop . LaRue singled to right . Thurston walked , LaRue to second . Duncan hit for Greene . Duncan singled to center , Thurston out at third , LaRue to third . Nathan pitching for Twins . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 6 - Cardinals 2 .	Liriano continues turnaround with win vs. Cards