Twins - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Span singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second . Mauer homered to left . Morneau walked . Kubel walked , Morneau to second . Cuddyer popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Granderson reached on infield single to second . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to third . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Granderson scored , Polanco to second . Cabrera homered to right , Polanco and Thomas scored . Guillen tripled to deep center , Guillen out stretching at home . Ordonez struck out looking . Inge singled to center . Avila homered to right , Inge scored . Everett fouled out to third . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Harris flied out to right . Gomez walked . Punto walked , Gomez to second . Span singled to left , Gomez scored , Punto to second , Punto to third , Span to second on throwing error by left fielder Thomas . Cabrera lined out to third . Mauer singled to left , Punto and Span scored . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Swarzak pitching for Twins . Granderson singled to right . Polanco singled to center , Granderson to third . Duensing pitching for Twins . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Polanco out at second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guillen struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kubel struck out swinging . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Harris singled to center . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Inge popped out to second . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Punto struck out looking . Span singled to right . Cabrera lined out to right . Mauer reached on infield single to second , Span to second , Span to third on throwing error by second baseman Polanco . Morneau flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco singled to right . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Kubel walked . Cuddyer popped out to third . Harris struck out swinging . Gomez singled to left , Kubel to second . Punto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Cabrera singled to center . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Morneau . Ordonez struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging . Avila doubled to right , Cabrera and Guillen scored . Everett flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Span grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Mauer singled to left , Cabrera to second . Morneau singled to left , Cabrera to third , Mauer to second . Kubel doubled to left , Cabrera and Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Harris popped out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to left . Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop . Crain pitching for Twins . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Gomez struck out swinging . Punto grounded out to second . Span struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Span in center field . Young in left field . Crain pitching for Twins . Guillen doubled to deep right . Ordonez grounded out to first , Guillen to third . Inge hit by pitch . Avila struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Thomas in right field . Raburn in left field . Lyon pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mauer grounded out to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Granderson tripled to deep right center . Polanco doubled to deep center , Granderson scored . Thomas grounded out to first , Polanco to third . Cabrera struck out looking . Guillen walked . Raburn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Kubel walked . Cuddyer singled to center , Kubel to second . Harris struck out swinging . Kubel to third , Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Rodney . Young singled to right , Kubel scored , Cuddyer to third . Punto hit sacrifice fly to right , Cuddyer scored . Span singled to center , Young to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Tigers 10 .	Cabrera homer jump starts Tigers in victory