Twins - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Span popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . Mauer walked . Kubel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . DeJesus flied out to center . Pena grounded out to second . Butler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Cuddyer homered to left . Young struck out swinging . Harris struck out looking . Gomez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Olivo grounded out to third . Callaspo singled to left . Teahen hit by pitch , Callaspo to second . Maier grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Casilla singled to center . Span walked , Casilla to second . Cabrera flied out to center . Mauer popped out to shortstop . Kubel doubled to center , Casilla and Span scored . Cuddyer flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Betancourt flied out to center . Anderson reached on bunt single to pitcher . DeJesus hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Pena grounded out to pitcher , Anderson to third , DeJesus to second . Butler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Young flied out to right . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Olivo struck out swinging . Callaspo walked . Teahen reached on bunt single to pitcher , Callaspo to second . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Casilla fouled out to right . Span flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to center . DeJesus singled to left , Anderson to second . Pena sacrificed to pitcher , Anderson to third , DeJesus to second . Butler struck out swinging . Olivo doubled to deep right , Anderson and DeJesus scored . Callaspo lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Royals . Mauer struck out swinging , Mauer safe at first on wild pitch by Davies . Kubel flied out to right . Cuddyer walked , Mauer to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuddyer out at second , Mauer to third . Harris singled to center , Mauer scored , Young to second . Mahay pitching for Royals . Gomez singled to center , Young scored , Harris to third . Casilla singled to right , Harris scored , Gomez to third . Span grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Keppel pitching for Twins . Teahen doubled to deep right . Maier walked . Betancourt struck out swinging . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Maier out at second , Teahen to third . DeJesus tripled to deep center , Teahen and Anderson scored . Crain pitching for Twins . Pena struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to right . Bale pitching for Royals . Mauer singled to center , Cabrera to third . Kubel singled to right , Cabrera scored , Mauer to second . Colon pitching for Royals . Cuddyer flied out to right . Young lined out to shortstop . Harris flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Butler singled to right . Olivo singled to right center , Butler to second . Callaspo walked , Butler to third , Olivo to second . Mijares pitching for Twins . Teahen singled to center , Butler scored , Olivo to third , Callaspo to second . Maier fouled out to third . Betancourt hit into fielder 's choice to center , Olivo scored , Callaspo out at third , Teahen to second . Anderson lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Colon pitching for Royals . Gomez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Casilla popped out to shortstop . Span flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . Pena sacrificed to pitcher , DeJesus to second . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Butler flied out to right , DeJesus to third . Olivo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Colon pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to right . Mauer walked , Cabrera to second . Wright pitching for Royals . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mauer out at second , Cabrera to third . Cuddyer doubled to right , Cabrera scored . Young flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Callaspo singled to center . Teahen struck out swinging . Maier singled to center , Callaspo to third . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Callaspo scored , Maier out at second . Anderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - Royals 7 .	Kubel drives in 3 runs as Twins hold off Royals