Orioles - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Davis walked . Jones lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Holt grounded out to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz walked . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Clevenger grounded out to second . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Gomes struck out swinging . Bogaerts flied out to left . Nava struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Lombardozzi singled to center . Lough singled to right , Lombardozzi to second . Markakis singled to right , Lombardozzi scored , Lough to third . Cruz singled to center , Lough scored , Markakis to second . Davis singled to center , Markakis scored , Cruz to second , Cruz to third advancing on throw . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz scored , Davis out at second . Clevenger doubled to deep right , Jones scored . Schoop singled to deep left , Clevenger scored . Badenhop pitching for Red Sox . Flaherty grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schoop out at second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Ross struck out swinging . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . Holt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Badenhop pitching for Red Sox . Lombardozzi singled to right . Lough lined out to center . Markakis walked , Lombardozzi to second . Cruz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Pedroia walked . Ortiz singled to right , Pedroia to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Gomes lined into double play , to shortstop , Pedroia doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Badenhop pitching for Red Sox . Davis walked . Jones struck out looking . Clevenger grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Bogaerts walked . Nava reached on infield single to shortstop , Bogaerts to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Nava out at second , Bogaerts to third . Bradley Jr. hit ground rule double to deep right , Bogaerts scored , Ross to third . Holt hit sacrifice fly to center , Ross scored . Pedroia doubled to left , Bradley Jr. scored . Ortiz lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Badenhop pitching for Red Sox . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty grounded out to first . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Orioles . Napoli struck out swinging . Gomes struck out looking . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Lough grounded out to first . Markakis flied out to right . Cruz walked . Davis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Nava flied out to right . Ross homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Bradley Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Holt singled to left . Pedroia walked , Holt to second . Ortiz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Jones singled to deep left . Clevenger grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . Schoop flied out to center , Clevenger to second . Flaherty singled to center , Clevenger scored , Flaherty thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Napoli homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Carp hit for Gomes . Carp grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts singled to left . Nava reached on infield single to shortstop , Bogaerts to second . Herrera hit for Ross . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Herrera struck out swinging . Bogaerts caught stealing third , catcher to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Carp in left field . Pierzynski catching . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Lombardozzi popped out to first . Lough popped out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . Holt reached on infield single to second . Pedroia doubled to deep left center , Holt to third . Ortiz intentionally walked . Napoli grounded out to second , Holt scored , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Carp grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Red Sox 6 .	O 's rip Buchholz , hold off Sox rally