Athletics - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Crisp walked. Lowrie grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Crisp out at second. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Bourn homered to center (399 feet). Aviles struck out looking. Brantley walked. Raburn struck out looking. Murphy singled to left, Brantley to second. Swisher grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Moss tripled to deep center. Cespedes safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall, Moss scored. Jaso popped out to third. Reddick lined out to second. Callaspo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Punto at shortstop. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Santana grounded out to third. Chisenhall doubled to deep right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Chisenhall to third. Bourn walked. Aviles grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Sogard grounded out to second. Crisp walked. Punto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crisp out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Brantley singled to center. Raburn struck out swinging. Murphy singled to right, Brantley to third. Swisher struck out swinging, Murphy stole second. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Donaldson walked. Moss walked, Donaldson to second. Cespedes fouled out to first. Jaso doubled to deep left, Donaldson scored, Moss to third. Reddick singled to left, Moss scored, Jaso to third. Callaspo grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Reddick out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Chisenhall struck out looking. Ramirez flied out to left. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Sogard singled to right. Crisp walked, Sogard to second. Punto lined out to center. Donaldson singled to left, Sogard scored, Crisp to second. Moss doubled to right, Crisp scored, Donaldson to third. Cespedes doubled to deep center, Donaldson and Moss scored. Outman pitching for Indians. Jaso struck out swinging. Reddick walked. Callaspo struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Aviles popped out to third. Brantley homered to right (418 feet). Raburn walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Raburn out at second. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Outman pitching for Indians. Sogard flied out to left. Crisp grounded out to third. Punto doubled to deep right center. Donaldson intentionally walked. Punto to third, Donaldson to second on passed ball by Santana. Moss doubled to deep right, Punto and Donaldson scored. Atchison pitching for Indians. Cespedes popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. Santana lined out to first. Chisenhall hit by pitch. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chisenhall out at second. Bourn walked, Ramirez to second. Aviles walked, Ramirez to third, Bourn to second. Brantley walked, Ramirez scored, Bourn to third, Aviles to second. Abad pitching for Athletics. Raburn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Jaso safe at first on error by first baseman Swisher. Reddick doubled to deep right, Jaso scored. Callaspo grounded out to second, Reddick to third. Sogard flied out to right. Crisp grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Murphy fouled out to third. Swisher fouled out to first. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Allen pitching for Indians. Punto singled to left. Donaldson walked, Punto to second. Moss walked, Punto to third, Donaldson to second. Cespedes doubled to deep left, Punto and Donaldson scored, Moss to third. Crockett pitching for Indians. Jaso grounded out to second, Moss scored, Cespedes to third. Reddick struck out swinging. Callaspo lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Callaspo at second base. Blanks at first base. Savery pitching for Athletics. Chisenhall singled to center. Ramirez flied out to right. Bourn grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Chisenhall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Crockett pitching for Indians. Blanks lined out to left. Gentry hit for Crisp. Axford pitching for Indians. Gentry struck out swinging. Punto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Gentry in center field. Savery pitching for Athletics. Aviles grounded out to third. Brantley fouled out to third. Raburn walked. Murphy singled to center, Raburn to third. Murphy to second on fielder's indifference. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 13 - Indians 3.	Cespedes (5 RBIs), A's cap sweep of Indians