Angels - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Calhoun walked. Aybar sacrificed to pitcher, Calhoun to second. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to first to third, Calhoun out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Crisp fouled out to catcher. Jaso grounded out to pitcher. Donaldson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Ibanez flied out to center. Kendrick singled to right. Freese singled to center, Kendrick to second. Cron struck out swinging. Conger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Cespedes grounded out to second. Lowrie struck out looking. Vogt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Cowgill struck out swinging. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Callaspo singled to right. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Callaspo out at second. Sogard singled to deep left center, Gentry to third. Crisp doubled to deep right center, Gentry scored, Sogard to third. Jaso walked. Donaldson singled to left, Sogard and Crisp scored, Jaso to second. Cespedes flied out to center. Lowrie singled to right, Jaso scored, Donaldson to second. Vogt grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Pujols fouled out to catcher. Ibanez popped out to third. Kendrick reached on infield single to second. Freese walked, Kendrick to second. Cron reached on infield single to shortstop, Kendrick to third, Freese to second. Conger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Callaspo singled to center. Gentry flied out to center. Sogard singled to left, Callaspo to second. Crisp hit into fielder's choice to center, Sogard out at second, Callaspo to third. Jaso fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Cowgill singled to left. Calhoun doubled to deep right, Cowgill to third. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to center, Cowgill scored, Calhoun to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right, Calhoun scored. Ibanez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Donaldson grounded out to third. Cespedes struck out swinging. Lowrie homered to right. Vogt lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Kendrick grounded out to first. Freese struck out swinging. Cron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Callaspo singled to right. Gentry singled to left, Callaspo to second. Callaspo caught stealing third, catcher to shortstop to third to shortstop, Gentry to second on runner's fielder's choice. Sogard reached on infield single to second, Gentry scored on throwing error by second baseman Kendrick. Sogard caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crisp lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Conger grounded out to second. Cowgill walked. Calhoun struck out looking. Aybar doubled to deep right, Cowgill scored. Otero pitching for Athletics. Pujols struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Morin pitching for Angels. Jaso grounded out to second. Donaldson singled to right. Donaldson to second on passed ball by Conger. Cespedes lined out to left. Lowrie intentionally walked. Vogt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to first. Kendrick struck out swinging. Freese walked. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Callaspo fouled out to catcher. Gentry reached on infield single to second. Sogard flied out to left. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 9th. Blanks at first base. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Iannetta hit for Conger. Iannetta struck out looking. Cowgill struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Athletics 6.	Athletics complete sweep of Angels with 6-3 win