Rangers - Top 1st. Milone pitching for Athletics. Robertson singled to right. Andrus struck out swinging, Robertson stole second. Choo grounded out to second, Robertson to third. Beltre singled to center, Robertson scored. Rios popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Crisp grounded out to second. Jaso singled to right. Cespedes struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Gimenez grounded out to second. Choice popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Lowrie singled to right center. Vogt singled to right, Lowrie to third. Callaspo singled to right, Lowrie scored, Vogt to third, Vogt scored, Callaspo to second on throwing error by right fielder Rios. Punto struck out swinging. Sogard struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Odor grounded out to first. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. Andrus lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Jaso doubled to deep right. Cespedes struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. Lowrie walked. Vogt singled to right, Jaso scored, Lowrie to second. Callaspo singled to center, Lowrie thrown out at home, Vogt to second, Vogt to third advancing on throw. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Choo flied out to left. Beltre reached on infield single to second. Rios fouled out to first. Murphy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Punto struck out swinging. Sogard walked. Sogard stole second. Sogard stole third. Crisp hit sacrifice fly to center, Sogard scored. Jaso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Gimenez struck out swinging. Choice popped out to second. Odor homered to right (388 feet). Robertson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Cespedes walked. Moss flied out to center. Lowrie walked, Cespedes to second. Vogt singled to right, Cespedes scored, Lowrie thrown out at third, Vogt thrown out at second. Vogt batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Andrus doubled to left. Choo flied out to left, Andrus to third. Beltre walked. Rios hit sacrifice fly to left, Andrus scored. Otero pitching for Athletics. Snyder hit for Murphy. Snyder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Snyder at first base. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Callaspo walked. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Callaspo safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Donaldson hit for Sogard. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Callaspo out at third, Punto to second. Crisp popped out to second. Norris hit for Jaso. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Norris homered to left (388 feet), Punto and Donaldson scored. Cespedes singled to deep right center. Moss grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cespedes out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Norris catching. Callaspo at second base. Donaldson at third base. Otero pitching for Athletics. Gimenez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson. Martin hit for Choice. Martin reached on infield single to second, Gimenez to second. Odor tripled to deep center, Gimenez and Martin scored. Robertson grounded out to shortstop, Odor scored. Andrus reached on infield single to second. Abad pitching for Athletics. Choo struck out looking. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Beltre popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Robertson in left field. Martin in center field. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Lowrie struck out swinging. Gentry hit for Vogt. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo walked. Punto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Gentry in right field. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Rios struck out swinging. Snyder grounded out to second. Gimenez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Donaldson singled to left. Crisp singled to center, Donaldson to second. Norris doubled to deep left center, Donaldson and Crisp scored. Baker pitching for Rangers. Cespedes flied out to right. Moss popped out to third. Lowrie struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Martin struck out swinging. Odor struck out swinging. Robertson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Athletics 10.	Oakland's dominance of Darvish reaches 8