Athletics - Top 1st. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Crisp flied out to right. Callaspo singled to center. Cespedes reached on infield single to shortstop, Callaspo to second. Moss reached on infield single to pitcher, Callaspo to third, Cespedes to second. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Callaspo scored, Moss out at second, Cespedes to third. Lowrie singled to right, Cespedes scored, Donaldson to second. Norris popped out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Johnson lined out to right. Dietrich hit by pitch. Stanton struck out looking. McGehee singled to center, Dietrich to second. Jones walked, Dietrich to third, McGehee to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Reddick struck out swinging. Chavez struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Solano flied out to center. Mathis flied out to left. DeSclafani struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. DeSclafani pitching for Marlins. Callaspo grounded out to shortstop. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. Moss singled to shallow right. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Johnson grounded out to second. Dietrich grounded out to first. Stanton walked. McGehee walked, Stanton to second. Jones singled to left center, Stanton thrown out at home, McGehee to second, McGehee to third advancing on throw. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Flynn pitching for Marlins. Lowrie singled to left. Norris reached on infield single to shortstop, Lowrie to second. Reddick singled to right, Lowrie to third, Norris to second. Chavez struck out looking. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowrie scored, Reddick out at second, Norris to third. Callaspo lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Vogt catching. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Ozuna struck out looking. Solano grounded out to shortstop. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Flynn pitching for Marlins. Cespedes walked. Moss flied out to right. Donaldson tripled to deep center, Cespedes scored. Lowrie struck out swinging. Vogt grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Flynn grounded out to third. Johnson struck out looking. Dietrich flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Flynn pitching for Marlins. Reddick fouled out to third. Chavez struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Stanton singled to center. Stanton to second on wild pitch by Chavez. McGehee singled to right, Stanton to third. Jones singled to right, Stanton scored, McGehee to third. Ozuna singled to center, McGehee scored, Jones to second. Otero pitching for Athletics. Solano doubled to deep right, Jones scored, Ozuna to third. Mathis grounded out to second, Ozuna scored, Solano to third. Baker hit for Flynn. Baker singled to center, Solano scored. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Baker out at second. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Callaspo lined out to right. Cespedes grounded out to shortstop. Moss grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Stanton singled to right. McGehee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stanton out at second. Jones walked. Ozuna flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Marisnick in center field. Ozuna in left field. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Donaldson flied out to center. Lowrie struck out swinging. Vogt singled to right center. Reddick tripled to center, Vogt scored. Jaso hit for Cook. Jaso grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Solano flied out to right. Mathis doubled to left. Lucas hit for Gregg. Lucas grounded out to third. Marisnick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Crisp singled to right center. Callaspo singled to left, Crisp to second. Cespedes singled to right, Crisp scored, Callaspo to third, Cespedes to second advancing on throw. Sogard ran for Callaspo. Moss intentionally walked. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to right, Sogard scored, Cespedes to third. Lowrie flied out to left. Vogt singled to right, Cespedes scored, Moss to third. Reddick singled to right, Moss scored, Vogt to second. Punto hit for Gregerson. Turner pitching for Marlins. Punto grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Sogard at second base. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Dietrich struck out looking. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Marlins 5.	A's score 4 in 9th to beat Marlins 9-5