Athletics - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Crisp walked. Jaso singled to center, Crisp to second. Cespedes singled to left, Crisp to third, Jaso to second. Moss singled to center, Crisp and Jaso scored, Cespedes to second. Donaldson fouled out to right, Cespedes to third. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cespedes scored, Moss out at second. Reddick singled to center, Lowrie to second. Callaspo singled to left, Lowrie scored, Reddick to third. Gray struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Dietrich hit by pitch. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dietrich out at second. McGehee fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Crisp flied out to right. Jaso flied out to center. Cespedes popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Jones flied out to center. Ozuna singled to left. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Ozuna to third. Solano singled to right, Ozuna scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Eovaldi sacrificed to catcher, Saltalamacchia to third, Solano to second, Eovaldi safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Gray. Saltalamacchia to third on throwing error by pitcher Gray. Johnson doubled to deep left center, Saltalamacchia and Solano scored, Eovaldi to third. Dietrich struck out swinging. Stanton intentionally walked. McGehee grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Moss bunt grounded out to pitcher. Donaldson grounded out to pitcher. Lowrie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Vogt in right field. Gray pitching for Athletics. Jones singled to right center. Ozuna flied out to center, Jones to second. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first, Jones to third. Solano grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Vogt hit by pitch. Callaspo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vogt out at second. Gray grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Eovaldi struck out swinging. Johnson hit by pitch. Dietrich singled to right, Johnson to third. Stanton singled to left, Johnson scored, Dietrich to second. McGehee walked, Dietrich to third, Stanton to second. Jones grounded out to first, Dietrich scored, Stanton to third, McGehee to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Crisp walked. Jaso doubled to left center, Crisp to third. Cespedes flied out to left. Donaldson called out on strikes. Donaldson batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Solano walked. Eovaldi struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Lowrie lined out to left. Vogt flied out to left. Callaspo singled to right. Sogard hit for Gray. Sogard popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Dietrich grounded out to first. Stanton struck out looking. McGehee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Eovaldi pitching for Marlins. Crisp singled to center. Jaso grounded out to second, Crisp to second. Cespedes grounded out to third. Moss intentionally walked. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crisp out at third, Moss to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Jones lined out to second. Ozuna lined out to left. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Lowrie hit ground rule double to deep center. Vogt grounded out to second, Lowrie to third. Callaspo singled to center, Lowrie scored. Gentry struck out swinging. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Callaspo out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Solano struck out swinging. Marisnick singled to right, Marisnick tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Johnson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Jaso lined out to left. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Cespedes singled to center. Moss struck out swinging. Cespedes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Donaldson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Baker struck out swinging. Stanton doubled to left. McGehee singled to center, Stanton scored. McGehee stole second. Jones lined out to right, McGehee to third. Lucas popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie flied out to center. Punto walked. Callaspo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 10th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia popped out to second. Solano fouled out to right. Marisnick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 11th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Gentry grounded out to shortstop. Crisp walked. Jaso singled to right, Crisp to second. Cespedes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jaso out at second, Crisp to third. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 11th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Johnson singled to center. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to first to second to pitcher. Baker grounded out to third. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 12th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Donaldson singled to right. Lowrie grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Donaldson out at second. Milone flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 12th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. McGehee struck out swinging. Jones flied out to left. Turner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 13th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Callaspo grounded out to second. Gentry struck out looking. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 13th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Solano walked. Marisnick struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left, Solano to second. Baker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 14th. Turner pitching for Marlins. Jaso struck out looking. Cespedes struck out swinging. Moss doubled to left center. Donaldson singled to center, Moss scored. Donaldson stole second. Lowrie intentionally walked. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 14th. Johnson pitching for Athletics. Stanton singled to right. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stanton out at second. Jones reached on infield single to third, McGehee to second. McGehee to third, Jones to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Mathis walked. Francis pitching for Athletics. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Solano flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 7 - Marlins 6.	Athletics beat Marlins 7-6 in 14 innings