Athletics - Top 1st. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Jaso flied out to center. Vogt singled to left. Cespedes struck out swinging. Moss walked, Vogt to second. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Choo reached on infield single to second. Andrus fouled out to first. Rios grounded out to pitcher, Choo to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Reddick fouled out to third. Lowrie walked. Sogard walked, Lowrie to second. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lowrie scored, Sogard safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Mikolas. Jaso singled to shallow right, Sogard scored, Gentry to third. Vogt doubled to right, Gentry scored, Jaso to third. Cespedes doubled to deep left, Jaso and Vogt scored. Moss popped out to third. Donaldson grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Arencibia flied out to left. Gimenez singled to center. Rosales homered to left (389 feet), Gimenez scored. Martin grounded out to first. Robertson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Reddick singled to center. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reddick out at second. Sogard flied out to center. Gentry safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus, Lowrie advanced to second on Andrus error, Lowrie to third on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Jaso lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Choo walked. Andrus flied out to center. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. Beltre doubled to deep right, Rios to third. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Vogt flied out to right. Cespedes grounded out to third. Moss grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Gimenez lined out to shortstop. Rosales lined out to second. Martin lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Mikolas pitching for Rangers. Donaldson singled to center. Reddick flied out to center. Lowrie lined out to pitcher, Donaldson to second. Sogard doubled to right, Donaldson scored. Gentry walked. Feierabend pitching for Rangers. Jaso doubled to deep right center, Sogard and Gentry scored. Vogt flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Kazmir pitching for Athletics. Robertson singled to right. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Robertson out at second. Andrus singled to left. Rios singled to center, Andrus to second. Beltre walked, Andrus to third, Rios to second. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Feierabend pitching for Rangers. Cespedes singled to center. Moss grounded out to first, Cespedes to second. Donaldson popped out to shortstop. Reddick singled to right, Cespedes scored. Lowrie popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Gimenez grounded out to second. Rosales hit by pitch. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rosales out at second. Robertson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Feierabend pitching for Rangers. Sogard popped out to shortstop. Gentry popped out to shortstop. Jaso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Choo struck out swinging. Cook pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to catcher. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Vogt flied out to left. Cespedes flied out to center. Moss flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Beltre homered to left (415 feet). Adduci hit for Arencibia. Adduci flied out to left. Gimenez struck out swinging. Rosales flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Adduci at first base. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Donaldson walked. Reddick singled to center, Donaldson to second. Lowrie struck out looking. Sogard popped out to shortstop. Gentry grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Martin lined out to left. Robertson flied out to right. Choo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Rangers 3.	Jaso has 3 RBIs as A's beat Rangers 9-3