Astros - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Marisnick struck out looking. Altuve lined out to center. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Crisp grounded out to second. Gentry struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Carter fouled out to first. Castro singled to right. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Singleton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Norris grounded out to shortstop. Gomes grounded out to third. Lowrie grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Petit flied out to left. Presley struck out swinging. Marisnick doubled to deep right center. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Freiman grounded out to shortstop. Soto struck out swinging. Parrino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Fowler singled to right. Carter struck out looking. Castro lined out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Crisp reached on infield single to third. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crisp out at second. Donaldson flied out to center. Norris lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Singleton struck out looking. Petit lined out to right. Presley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Gomes singled to center. Lowrie singled to right, Gomes to second. Freiman grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Lowrie out at second, Gomes to third. Soto lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Marisnick flied out to left. Altuve grounded out to third. Fowler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Grossman in left field. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Parrino safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez. Crisp singled to left, Parrino to second. Gentry sacrificed to first, Parrino to third, Crisp to second. Donaldson intentionally walked. Norris grounded out to second, Parrino scored, Crisp to third, Donaldson to second. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Athletics. Carter doubled to deep right center. Castro walked. Gonzalez sacrificed to catcher, Carter to third, Castro to second. Singleton grounded out to second, Carter scored, Castro to third. Petit singled to center, Castro scored. Grossman hit by pitch, Petit to second. Otero pitching for Athletics. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Petit out at third, Grossman to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Lowrie singled to center. Freiman homered to left (372 feet), Lowrie scored. Soto flied out to right. Parrino singled to right. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop, Parrino to second. Gentry flied out to center. Veras pitching for Astros. Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop, Parrino to third, Crisp to second. Dunn hit for Norris. Dunn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Fuld in left field. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Altuve singled to center. Fowler sacrificed to catcher, Altuve to second. Carter intentionally walked. Villar ran for Carter. Castro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Villar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Veras pitching for Astros. Fuld lined out to right. Lowrie singled to right. Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Veras. Freiman struck out swinging. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Cook pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez walked. Singleton fouled out to catcher. Krauss hit for Petit. Krauss walked, Gonzalez to second. Hoes ran for Krauss. Grossman walked, Gonzalez to third, Hoes to second. Abad pitching for Athletics. Marisnick hit sacrifice fly to right, Gonzalez scored, Hoes to third. Altuve intentionally walked, Grossman to second. Fowler walked, Hoes scored, Grossman to third, Altuve to second. Villar fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Gonzalez at shortstop. Dominguez at third base. Sipp pitching for Astros. Callaspo hit for Parrino. Callaspo struck out looking. Crisp struck out swinging. Gentry walked. Fields pitching for Astros. Donaldson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Athletics 3.	A's wild pen blows game, series to Astros