Rangers - Top 1st . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Odor flied out to right . Desmond singled to right . Mazara grounded out to first , Desmond to second . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Burns grounded out to third . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Fielder singled to center . Moreland grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fielder out at second . Rua grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Valencia homered to left ( 447 feet ) . Davis homered to left ( 408 feet ) . Butler singled to right . Semien flied out to right . Coghlan struck out swinging . McBride singled to left , Butler to second . Crisp struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Wilson walked . Alberto grounded out to third , Wilson to second . Odor flied out to left . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Burns grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to third . Valencia popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Mazara homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Beltré homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Fielder singled to center . Moreland singled to center , Fielder to second , Fielder to third on error by center fielder Burns . Rua grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder scored , Moreland out at second . Wilson singled to right . Alberto popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out swinging . Butler walked . Semien singled to left , Butler to second . Coghlan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Semien out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Odor doubled to deep right center . Desmond grounded out to second , Odor to third . Mazara fouled out to third . Beltré grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . McBride doubled to deep left . Crisp grounded out to third . Burns struck out looking . Reddick fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Fielder grounded out to third . Moreland fouled out to third . Rua reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Valencia flied out to right . Davis homered to center ( 411 feet ) . Butler flied out to left . Semien walked . Coghlan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Alberto reached on infield single to shortstop . Odor flied out to center . Desmond struck out swinging , Alberto stole second . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . McBride struck out swinging , McBride safe at first on passed ball by Wilson . Crisp bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McBride out at second . Burns struck out swinging . Reddick singled to right , Crisp to second . Valencia singled to right , Crisp scored , Reddick to second . Bush pitching for Rangers . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Alonso at first base . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Beltré struck out swinging . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . Moreland singled to right . Rua struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . Semien flied out to right . Coghlan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Ladendorf at second base . Madson pitching for Athletics . Wilson struck out swinging . Alberto popped out to first . Odor singled to right center . Desmond homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Odor scored . Mazara reached on infield single to third , Mazara to second on throwing error by third baseman Valencia . Beltré singled to center , Mazara thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Vogt hit for McBride . Vogt reached on infield single to pitcher . Crisp doubled to right , Vogt to third . Burns popped out to second . Reddick intentionally walked . Valencia flied out to right . Davis homered to left center ( 404 feet ) , Vogt , Crisp and Reddick scored . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Athletics 8 .	Davis hits 3 HRs , beats Rangers with slam in A 's 8 - 5 victory