Rangers - Top 1st . Ventura pitching for Royals . Profar struck out swinging . Mazara struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Escobar struck out swinging . Cuthbert doubled to right , Cuthbert to third on error by right fielder Mazara . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop , Cuthbert scored . Morales flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Odor struck out swinging . Andrus fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Pérez struck out swinging . Gordon flied out to center . Orlando lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Ventura pitching for Royals . Moreland grounded out to second . Chirinos lined out to right . DeShields grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Eibner safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Colón grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Eibner out at second . Escobar safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Beltré . Cuthbert walked . Hosmer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Ventura pitching for Royals . Profar walked . Mazara homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Profar scored . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Beltré doubled to deep left . Odor struck out swinging , Beltré to third on wild pitch by Ventura . Andrus walked . Moreland walked , Andrus to second . Chirinos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moreland out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Morales flied out to right . Pérez popped out to first . Gordon walked . Orlando reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon to second . Eibner walked , Gordon to third , Orlando to second . Colón struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Ventura pitching for Royals . DeShields walked . Profar popped out to second . Mazara doubled to deep right center , DeShields scored . Desmond flied out to right , Mazara to third . Beltré grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Escobar flied out to left . Cuthbert singled to right . Hosmer lined out to second . Morales doubled to left center , Cuthbert to third . Pérez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Soria pitching for Royals . Odor struck out swinging . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop , Andrus to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Andrus out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Moreland struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gordon struck out swinging . Orlando singled to center . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Eibner grounded out to first , Orlando to second . Colón struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Soria pitching for Royals . Chirinos walked . DeShields sacrificed to pitcher , Chirinos to second . Profar grounded out to first , Chirinos to third . Mazara walked . Desmond singled to right , Chirinos scored , Mazara to second . Beltré homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Mazara and Desmond scored . Odor singled to center . Andrus flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Escobar flied out to left . Cuthbert struck out looking . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Moreland grounded out to third . Chirinos popped out to shortstop . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Morales struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . Gordon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Wang pitching for Royals . Profar struck out looking . Mazara singled to right . Desmond flied out to right . Beltré flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Orlando singled to center . Eibner lined out to right . Colón singled to center , Orlando to second . Escobar singled to center , Orlando scored , Colón to second . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Cuthbert walked , Colón to third , Escobar to second . Hosmer reached on infield single to third , Colón scored , Escobar to third , Cuthbert to second . Morales walked , Escobar scored , Cuthbert to third , Hosmer to second . Merrifield ran for Morales . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Merrifield out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 7 - Royals 4 .	Hamels picks up 11th victory ; Rangers top Royals 7 - 4