Mariners - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . O'Malley struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Canó grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Paxton pitching for Mariners . DeShields flied out to right . Desmond grounded out to third . Beltrán flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez flied out to center . Seager grounded out to second . Lee doubled to deep left . Martín flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Odor singled to center . Lucroy singled to right , Odor to third . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to left , Odor scored . Rua singled to right , Lucroy to second . Gómez singled to center , Lucroy scored , Rua to second . DeShields grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Zunino struck out swinging . Heredia grounded out to third . O'Malley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Desmond walked . Beltrán flied out to center . Beltré homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Desmond scored . Odor safe at first on error by pitcher Paxton , Odor to second on throwing error by pitcher Paxton . Odor caught stealing third , catcher to third . Lucroy singled to right . Andrus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Marte singled to center . Canó singled to center , Marte to second . Gutiérrez walked , Marte to third , Canó to second . Seager walked , Marte scored , Canó to third , Gutiérrez to second . Lee struck out looking . Martín grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Canó out at home , Gutiérrez to third , Seager to second . Zunino walked , Gutiérrez scored , Seager to third , Martín to second . Heredia flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Rua fouled out to first . Gómez struck out swinging . DeShields singled to center . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeShields out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . O'Malley reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . Canó singled to right , O'Malley to second . Gutiérrez walked , O'Malley to third , Canó to second . Seager singled to right , O'Malley scored , Canó to third , Gutiérrez to second , Canó scored , Gutiérrez to third on error by right fielder Gómez . Seager stole second . Lee singled to right center , Gutiérrez scored , Seager to third . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Martín singled to right , Seager scored , Lee to second . Zunino grounded out to first , Lee to third , Martín to second . Heredia grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Paxton pitching for Mariners . Beltrán singled to left . Beltré struck out swinging . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltrán out at second . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . O'Malley grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to pitcher . Canó grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Vincent pitching for Mariners . Andrus flied out to center . Moreland hit for Rua . Moreland struck out swinging . Gómez reached on bunt single to pitcher . Profar hit for DeShields . Profar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Profar in left field . Moreland at first base . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez reached on infield single to shortstop . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gutiérrez out at second . Lee struck out swinging . Martín grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Cishek pitching for Mariners . Desmond singled to center . Beltrán popped out to third , Desmond to third on throwing error by third baseman Seager . Beltré singled to center , Desmond scored . Nuño pitching for Mariners . Odor singled to right , Beltré to third , Odor out stretching at second . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Lucroy singled to center , Beltré scored . Andrus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Zunino walked . Smith hit for Heredia . Smith singled to right , Zunino to second . O'Malley bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zunino out at third , Smith to second . Marte singled to shallow center , Smith to third , O'Malley to second . Canó hit sacrifice fly to center , Smith scored , O'Malley to third , Marte to second . Lind hit for Gutiérrez . Lind grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . O'Malley in left field . Smith in right field . Diaz pitching for Mariners . Moreland grounded out to second . Mazara hit for Gómez . Mazara flied out to left . Profar walked . Desmond walked , Profar to second . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Mazara in right field . Bush pitching for Rangers . Seager struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to third . Martín grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Diaz pitching for Mariners . Beltré singled to left . Odor homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Beltré scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Rangers 8 .	Odor hits game - ending homer for Rangers in 8 - 7 win over M 's