Astros - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Springer flied out to right . Bregman flied out to left . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Mazara struck out swinging . Desmond lined out to center . Beltrán grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Correa singled to left . Gurriel lined out to right . Gattis singled to center , Correa to second . Hernández singled to left , Correa scored , Gattis to second . Castro struck out swinging . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Beltré homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Odor grounded out to second . Gómez popped out to second . Moreland doubled to right . Andrus flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Springer walked . Bregman flied out to center . Altuve walked , Springer to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Altuve out at second , Springer to third . Gurriel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Chirinos singled to deep left . Mazara lined into double play , pitcher to first , Chirinos out at first . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Gattis singled to center . Hernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gattis out at second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Beltrán walked . Beltré singled to center , Beltrán to second . Odor struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to second , Beltrán to third , Beltré to second . Moreland singled to right center , Beltrán and Beltré scored . Andrus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Marisnick singled to center . Springer grounded out to third , Marisnick to second . Bregman flied out to center , Marisnick to third . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Musgrove pitching for Astros . Chirinos doubled to deep right . Mazara homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Chirinos scored . Desmond struck out looking . Beltrán walked . Beltré singled to left , Beltrán to second . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Odor struck out swinging . Gómez grounded out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Correa lined out to first . Gurriel flied out to center . Gattis homered to left center ( 417 feet ) . Hernández walked . Castro flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus struck out swinging . Chirinos grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Marisnick lined out to right . Springer walked . Bregman doubled to deep center , Springer to third . Altuve reached on infield single to pitcher . Correa grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Altuve out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Mazara walked . Neshek pitching for Astros . Desmond doubled to left , Mazara to third . Beltrán singled to shallow left , Mazara scored . Beltré fouled out to catcher . Harris pitching for Astros . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltrán out at second , Desmond to third . Desmond stole home , Odor stole second . Gómez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Gurriel popped out to first . Gattis struck out looking . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Rodgers pitching for Astros . Moreland hit by pitch . Andrus singled to left , Moreland to second . Chirinos singled to left center , Moreland to third , Andrus to second . Mazara lined out to third . Desmond singled to left , Moreland and Andrus scored , Chirinos to second . Beltrán doubled to deep right , Chirinos scored , Desmond to third . DeShields ran for Beltrán . Beltré popped out to second . Odor doubled to deep left , Desmond and DeShields scored . Gustave pitching for Astros . Gómez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Álvarez pitching for Rangers . White hit for Castro . White hit ground - rule double to deep right . Marisnick homered to center ( 413 feet ) , White scored . Springer struck out looking . Bregman reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bregman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Rangers 12 .	Rangers get 7th straight win , 12 - 4 over Astros