Tigers - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Kinsler grounded out to third . Iglesias doubled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Iglesias scored , Cabrera out stretching at second . Castellanos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Anderson doubled to deep center . Eaton reached on bunt single to third , Anderson scored , Eaton to second on throwing error by third baseman Aviles . Abreu flied out to right , Eaton to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right , Eaton scored . Lawrie flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . J.D. Martinez doubled to deep center . Upton hit ground rule double to right , J.D. Martinez scored . McCann grounded out to shortstop , Upton to third . Aviles singled to center , Upton scored . Romine grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aviles out at second . Kinsler struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Avila grounded out to shortstop . García struck out swinging . Shuck flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Iglesias walked . Cabrera hit ground rule double to right , Iglesias to third . Castellanos grounded out to third . J.D. Martinez intentionally walked . Upton walked , Iglesias scored , Cabrera to third , J.D. Martinez to second . McCann hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . Aviles singled to left , J.D. Martinez to third , Upton to second . Romine walked , J.D. Martinez scored , Upton to third , Aviles to second . Kinsler struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Saladino lined out to second . Anderson doubled to deep right , Anderson to third on error by right fielder J.D. Martinez . Eaton bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Anderson out at home , Eaton to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Iglesias flied out to left . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Purke pitching for White Sox . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Purke . Castellanos walked . J.D. Martinez doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored , Castellanos to third . Upton tripled to left , Castellanos and J.D. Martinez scored . McCann grounded out to shortstop , Upton scored . Aviles grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Lawrie grounded out to pitcher . Avila walked . García singled to center , Avila to second . Shuck singled to right , Avila scored , García to third , Shuck to second on error by third baseman Aviles . Saladino singled to center , García and Shuck scored . Anderson fouled out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Purke pitching for White Sox . Romine singled to center . Romine stole second . Kinsler struck out swinging . Iglesias grounded out to first , Romine to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Purke . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Eaton tripled to deep right center . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right , Eaton scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Purke pitching for White Sox . J.D. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep center . Upton grounded out to shortstop . McCann struck out looking . Aviles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Avila struck out swinging . García singled to shallow center . Shuck struck out swinging . García caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Romine grounded out to third . Kinsler struck out looking . Iglesias walked . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Saladino flied out to left . Anderson fouled out to first . Eaton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Castellanos struck out swinging . J.D. Martinez walked . Upton flied out to left . McCann flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to left . Maybin in center field . Romine at third base . Cabrera lined out to left . Lawrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Maybin singled to right . Romine grounded into double play , third to second to first , Maybin out at second . Kinsler tripled to deep right center . Iglesias reached on infield single to first , Kinsler scored . Cabrera singled to shallow right , Iglesias to third . Castellanos lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Lowe pitching for Tigers . García flied out to left . Shuck doubled to right center . Saladino homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Shuck scored . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Eaton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 11 - White Sox 8 .	Tigers hold onto big lead this time , top White Sox 11 - 8