Marlins - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Pierre flied out to center . Castillo grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Snow lined out to left . Grissom grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Lowell doubled to left . Cordero lined out to right , Lowell to third . Conine walked . Easley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Feliz doubled to deep center . Hammonds singled to left , Feliz to third . Dallimore safe at first on error by third baseman Lowell , Feliz scored , Hammonds to second . Mohr walked , Hammonds to third , Dallimore to second . Torrealba homered to left , Hammonds , Dallimore and Mohr scored . Rueter grounded out to pitcher . Perez fouled out to right . Snow grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Redmond reached on infield single to shortstop . Oliver struck out swinging . Pierre singled to left , Redmond to second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second , Redmond to third . Cabrera walked , Castillo to second . Lowell singled to left , Redmond and Castillo scored , Cabrera to third . Cordero safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz , Cabrera scored , Lowell to second . Conine flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Grissom singled to right . Feliz struck out swinging , Grissom stole second . Hammonds grounded out to second , Grissom to third . Dallimore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Easley singled to center . Redmond flied out to right . Oliver struck out swinging , Easley stole second . Pierre walked . Castillo doubled to right center , Easley and Pierre scored . Cabrera walked . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Oliver pitching for Marlins . Mohr hit ground rule double to deep center . Torrealba singled to left , Mohr to third . Rueter sacrificed to pitcher , Torrealba to second . Perez hit sacrifice fly to right , Mohr scored . Snow grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Cordero doubled to right . Conine grounded out to third . Brower pitching for Giants . Easley tripled to right , Cordero scored . Harris hit for Oliver . Redmond hit by pitch . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Easley scored , Redmond out at second , Harris to first , Harris to second on throwing error by shortstop Perez . Pierre tripled to deep right , Harris scored . Castillo walked . Wayne pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Wayne pitching for Marlins . Grissom singled to left . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grissom out at second . Hammonds flied out to center . Dallimore grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Giants . Lowell grounded out to second . Cordero grounded out to third . Conine flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Wayne pitching for Marlins . Mohr flied out to right . Alfonzo hit for Brower . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Alfonzo walked . Franklin pitching for Giants . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Franklin pitching for Giants . Easley grounded out to third . Redmond flied out to right . Wayne struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Wayne pitching for Marlins . Snow grounded out to second . Grissom tripled to deep right center . Feliz singled to center , Grissom scored . Hammonds singled to center , Feliz to second . Bump pitching for Marlins . Dallimore singled to right , Feliz to third , Hammonds to second . Mohr hit sacrifice fly to center , Feliz scored . Cruz hit for Franklin . Torrealba walked , Hammonds to third , Dallimore to second . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Cruz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Pierre singled to right . Castillo struck out looking . Cabrera singled to right , Pierre to third . Lowell popped out to first . Cordero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bump pitching for Marlins . Perez flied out to right . Snow walked . Grissom fouled out to first . Feliz singled to left , Snow to second . Herges pitching for Giants . Tucker in right field . Hammonds popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Giants . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Easley grounded out to first . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez at shortstop . Redmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Dallimore struck out swinging . Mohr reached on infield single to shortstop . Torrealba struck out swinging . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Gonzalez safe at first on error by second baseman Dallimore . Pierre sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to second . Walker pitching for Giants . Castillo grounded out to third . Cabrera walked . Lowell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 10th . Benitez pitching for Marlins . Perez singled to center . Snow sacrificed to first , Perez to second . Grissom flied out to left . Feliz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 11th . Walker pitching for Giants . Cordero struck out swinging . Choi hit for Benitez . Nunez ran for Conine . Conine walked . Choi struck out looking . Nunez in left field . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Bonds hit for Walker . Redmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 11th . Perisho pitching for Marlins . Bonds walked . Dallimore singled to left , Bonds to second . Mohr bunt popped out foul to catcher . Torrealba doubled to deep center , Bonds scored , Dallimore to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Giants 9 .	Backup catcher 's bat helps Giants edge Marlins