Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Cintron singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to right . Cintron stole second . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop . Alfonzo homered to left , Perez scored . Grissom flied out to center . Bonds singled to right center . Feliz flied out to right . Hammonds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonds out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista flied out to center . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Schmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Mayne grounded out to shortstop . Fossum struck out swinging . Tracy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez flied out to right . Alfonzo singled to left . Grissom grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alfonzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Cintron popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds flied out to center . Feliz struck out swinging . Hammonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Finley struck out swinging . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop . Hairston fouled out to catcher . Mayne struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski singled to shallow left . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski out at second . Schmidt sacrificed to catcher , Cruz to second . Perez singled to left , Cruz scored , Perez to second advancing on throw . Alfonzo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Fossum grounded out to second . Tracy lined out to right . Cintron walked . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . Bonds homered to right center . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz walked . Hammonds popped out to second . Pierzynski singled to center , Feliz to second . Cruz lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand flied out to center . Finley flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Schmidt lined out to third . Perez bunt popped out to pitcher . Alfonzo singled to right . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom singled to right , Alfonzo to second . Bonds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Hairston tripled to deep right center . Baerga hit for Choate . Mayne grounded out to second , Hairston scored . Baerga grounded out to third . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz struck out swinging . Hammonds singled to center . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Hammonds to second . Cruz intentionally walked . Schmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Cintron singled to center . Herges pitching for Giants . Arizona 's Gonzalez ejected by Eddings in the 9th . Hillenbrand safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo , Cintron advanced to second on play , Cintron tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Finley singled to left center , Hillenbrand to third . Finley stole second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Giants 4 .	Bonds , Schmidt Giants again