Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kata flied out to center . Cintron grounded out to second . Gonzalez singled to center . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker struck out swinging . Alfonzo flied out to right . Grissom singled to center . Bonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Finley singled to center . Bautista lined out to right . Hairston singled to right , Finley to second . Hammock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Finley to third , Hairston safe at second on error by shortstop Feliz . Daigle grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Finley out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz singled to center . Pierzynski struck out looking . Minor grounded out to shortstop , Feliz to second . Perez singled to right , Feliz scored , Perez out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kata grounded out to pitcher . Cintron struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Rueter walked . Tucker flied out to right . Alfonzo grounded out to third , Rueter to second . Grissom grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand grounded out to second . Finley grounded out to first . Bautista singled to left . Hairston singled to center , Bautista to second . Hammock singled to right center , Bautista scored , Hairston to third . Daigle grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hammock out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds homered to center . Feliz popped out to first . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Minor popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Kata reached on infield single to shortstop . Cintron sacrificed to pitcher , Kata to second . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez grounded out to first . Rueter bunt grounded out to first . Tucker walked . Alfonzo reached on infield single to shortstop , Tucker to second . Grissom grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alfonzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Finley grounded out to second . Bautista flied out to right . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds lined out to left . Feliz flied out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Tracy hit for Daigle . Rueter pitching for Giants . Hammock singled to right . Tracy singled to left , Hammock to second . Kata bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hammock out at third , Tracy to second . Cintron singled to center , Tracy scored , Kata to second , Kata to third , Cintron to second on error by left fielder Bonds . Brower pitching for Giants . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Eyre pitching for Giants . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kata scored , Gonzalez out at second , Cintron to third . Kata at second base . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at third base . Finley grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 7th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor lined out to center . Mohr hit for Eyre . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Mohr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Devore hit for Randolph . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Devore struck out swinging . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker walked . Alfonzo bunt popped out to pitcher . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom walked , Tucker to second . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds walked , Tucker to third , Grissom to second . Feliz doubled to deep center , Tucker and Grissom scored , Bonds to third . Pierzynski walked . Minor flied out to left . Feliz at first base . Herges pitching for Giants . Cruz at shortstop . Perez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Giants . Tracy flied out to right . Kata grounded out to second . Cintron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 4 .	Long Bonds : Giants rally