Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Tracy flied out to right . Kata fouled out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker struck out swinging . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Finley grounded out to second . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to third , Hillenbrand to third on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo . Hairston hit ground rule double to deep center , Hillenbrand scored . Mayne intentionally walked . Sparks struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds popped out to second . Feliz grounded out to third . Minor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Tracy flied out to left . Kata grounded out to second . Gonzalez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski singled to right . Perez popped out to shortstop . Hermanson singled to left center , Pierzynski to second . Tucker tripled to deep right center , Pierzynski and Hermanson scored . Alfonzo walked . Grissom struck out looking . Bonds intentionally walked , Alfonzo to second . Feliz grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Bautista grounded out to third . Finley singled to center . Hillenbrand flied out to left . Hairston walked , Finley to second . Mayne singled to right , Finley scored , Hairston to third . Sparks grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor doubled to deep right . Pierzynski doubled to deep right , Minor scored . Perez walked . Hermanson sacrificed to first , Pierzynski to third , Perez to second . Tucker hit sacrifice fly to left , Pierzynski scored , Perez to third . Alfonzo flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Tracy grounded out to first . Kata popped out to second . Gonzalez lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom fouled out to third . Bonds singled to left center . Feliz grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bonds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Bautista popped out to first . Finley singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to left , Finley to second . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hillenbrand out at second , Finley to third . Baerga hit for Sparks . Eyre pitching for Giants . Mayne walked , Hairston to second . Finley scored , Hairston to third , Mayne to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Baerga walked . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baerga out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor walked . Pierzynski popped out to second . Mohr hit for Eyre . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Minor out at second . Perez to second on wild pitch by Randolph . Mohr walked . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Tucker lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Kata singled to left . Brower pitching for Giants . Gonzalez walked , Kata to second . Bautista singled to left , Kata to third , Gonzalez to second . Finley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kata out at home , Gonzalez to third , Bautista to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo walked . Grissom grounded out to second , Alfonzo to second . Bonds intentionally walked . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Cruz at shortstop . Feliz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bonds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Hairston struck out looking . Cintron hit for Koplove . Mayne singled to left . Hammock ran for Mayne . Cintron fouled out to catcher . Hammock catching . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hammock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor walked . Pierzynski grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Minor out at second . Herges pitching for Giants . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Giants . Kata struck out looking . Gonzalez struck out looking . Bautista homered to left . Finley walked . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Finley to second . Hairston flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Service pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to second . Tucker grounded out to first . Walker pitching for Giants . Hammonds in right field . Alfonzo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Devore hit for Service . Walker pitching for Giants . Hammock grounded out to second . Devore struck out swinging . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Grissom struck out swinging . Bonds intentionally walked . Hammonds walked . Minor singled to right , Bonds scored , Hammonds to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Giants 5 .	Walking Bonds dooms D - Backs in 10th