Giants - Top 1st . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker flied out to left . Alfonzo grounded out to first . Grissom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Hairston struck out swinging . Finley flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds grounded out to pitcher . Feliz flied out to right . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Gonzalez doubled to left . Hillenbrand hit by pitch . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Cintron singled to right center , Gonzalez scored , Hillenbrand to second . Mayne popped out to shortstop . Sparks singled to center , Hillenbrand scored , Cintron to second . Hairston flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Minor singled to right . Perez flied out to center . Hermanson sacrificed to pitcher , Minor to second . Tucker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Finley homered to right . Bautista grounded out to third . Gonzalez walked . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second . Tracy struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop . Grissom singled to right . Bonds singled to deep right , Grissom to third . Feliz popped out to third . Pierzynski singled to right center , Grissom scored , Bonds to second . Minor struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Cintron flied out to center . Mayne walked . Sparks flied out to center . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez flied out to center . Hermanson grounded out to shortstop . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Finley walked . Bautista flied out to center . Gonzalez fouled out to third . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Finley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Alfonzo struck out swinging , Alfonzo safe at first on passed ball by Mayne . Grissom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Alfonzo out at second . Bonds lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Tracy flied out to left . Cintron grounded out to pitcher . Mayne walked . Sparks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Sparks pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz homered to left . Pierzynski hit by pitch . Minor singled to left , Pierzynski to second . Hammonds hit for Hermanson . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Pierzynski to third , Minor to second . Hammonds hit by pitch . Pierzynski scored , Minor to third , Hammonds to second on wild pitch by Koplove . Tucker walked . Alfonzo singled to center , Minor and Hammonds scored , Tucker to second . Grissom grounded out to pitcher , Tucker to third , Alfonzo to second . Bonds intentionally walked . Eyre pitching for Giants . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bonds out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Hairston homered to left . Finley homered to center . Bautista walked . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Cruz at shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand flied out to center , Bautista to third . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski singled to center . Minor struck out looking . Perez popped out to first . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Cintron struck out swinging . Baerga hit for Choate . Mayne grounded out to shortstop . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tucker fouled out to third . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Grissom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Hairston reached on infield single to third , Hairston to second on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo . Finley grounded out to first , Hairston to third . Bautista intentionally walked . Gonzalez singled to right , Hairston scored , Bautista to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Giants 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Numbers game : Giants ' try at 11 falls short in 9th