Red Sox - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Damon popped out to shortstop . Bellhorn singled to left . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bellhorn out at second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Durham struck out swinging , Durham safe at first on passed ball by Mirabelli . Durham stole second . Tucker singled to right center , Durham scored . Tucker stole second . Grissom struck out looking . Bonds intentionally walked . Tucker to third , Bonds to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Alfonzo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tucker scored . Feliz flied out to center , Bonds to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alfonzo out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Garciaparra tripled to deep center . Nixon hit sacrifice fly to center , Garciaparra scored . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . Reese singled to center . Wakefield lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cruz singled to left . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Williams grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Durham hit sacrifice fly to right , Cruz scored . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Damon singled to center . Bellhorn walked , Damon to second . Ortiz singled to center , Damon scored , Bellhorn to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Nixon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Grissom homered to left . Bonds grounded out to second . Alfonzo safe at first on error by third baseman Bellhorn . Feliz flied out to center . Pierzynski popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Mirabelli struck out looking . Reese grounded out to third . Wakefield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cruz walked . Williams sacrificed to pitcher , Cruz to second . Durham walked . Tucker struck out swinging . Grissom homered to left , Cruz and Durham scored . Bonds walked . Alfonzo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonds out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Damon walked . Bellhorn struck out looking . Ortiz homered to center , Damon scored . Ramirez homered to left . Garciaparra struck out looking . Nixon walked . Mirabelli safe at first on error by shortstop Cruz , Nixon to third . Walker pitching for Giants . Millar hit for Wakefield . Reese safe at second on error by right fielder Tucker , Nixon scored , Mirabelli to third . Millar homered to left , Mirabelli and Reese scored . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Damon flied out to left . 7 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Malaska pitching for Red Sox . Feliz walked . Pierzynski fouled out to left . Perez hit for Walker . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Perez hit for Walker . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Minor hit for Perez . Cruz singled to left , Feliz to second . Eyre pitching for Giants . Minor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Ortiz flied out to left . Ramirez walked . Garciaparra lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Durham grounded out to second . Tucker grounded out to second . Grissom flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Nixon flied out to center . Mirabelli grounded out to pitcher . Reese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Bonds grounded out to second . Alfonzo singled to right . Feliz lined out to right . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Kapler hit for Timlin . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alfonzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Kapler walked . Damon lined out to left . Bellhorn singled to left , Kapler to second . Ortiz singled to right , Kapler scored , Bellhorn to third . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Torrealba catching . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left , Bellhorn scored . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Cruz safe at first on error by third baseman Bellhorn . Torrealba tripled to deep right center , Cruz scored . Durham singled to shallow right , Torrealba scored . Tucker popped out to second . Grissom grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Durham out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Nixon homered to right . Mirabelli homered to left center . Varitek hit for Embree . Reese flied out to right . Varitek singled to right . Damon tripled to deep right center , Varitek scored . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . McCarty at first base . Varitek catching . Ortiz lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Bonds struck out looking . Alfonzo flied out to left . Feliz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 14 - Giants 9 .	Five Red Sox homer as Boston rips Giants