Cardinals - Top 1st . Rueter pitching for Giants . Anderson grounded out to first . Renteria walked . Pujols hit ground rule double to deep center , Renteria to third . Rolen lined out to second . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Durham walked . Tucker reached on infield single to second , Durham to second , Durham to third on throwing error by second baseman Anderson . Snow doubled to deep center , Durham and Tucker scored . Bonds grounded out to second , Snow to third . Alfonzo hit by pitch . Pierzynski singled to center , Snow scored , Alfonzo to third . Grissom singled to right , Alfonzo scored , Pierzynski to second . Perez fouled out to catcher . Rueter reached on infield single to shortstop , Pierzynski to third , Grissom to second . Durham tripled to deep right , Pierzynski , Grissom and Rueter scored . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Tucker doubled to deep right , Durham scored . Snow struck out looking . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Taguchi flied out to right . Mabry singled to left . Molina doubled to deep right , Mabry to third . Haren struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Bonds walked . Alfonzo grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Bonds out at second . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Rueter pitching for Giants . Renteria walked . Pujols flied out to right . Rolen singled to center , Renteria to second . Edmonds doubled to deep left center , Renteria scored , Rolen to third . Taguchi lined out to right . Mabry grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Grissom grounded out to pitcher . Perez doubled to right . Rueter grounded out to shortstop . Durham walked . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Molina grounded out to second . Haren struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Snow walked . Bonds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Snow out at second . Alfonzo lined out to left . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rueter pitching for Giants . Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop . Pujols singled to left , Renteria to second . Rolen lined out to right . Edmonds singled to right center , Renteria scored , Pujols to third . Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to center , Pujols scored . Mabry singled to left , Edmonds to second . Molina struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Cardinals . Grissom grounded out to shortstop . Ransom hit for Rueter . Perez flied out to left . Brower pitching for Giants . Womack hit for Haren . Ransom grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Brower pitching for Giants . Womack safe at first on error by first baseman Snow . Anderson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Womack out at second . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Womack at second base . Renteria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Durham grounded out to pitcher . Tucker lined out to pitcher . Snow grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Brower pitching for Giants . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Rolen walked . Edmonds homered to left center , Rolen scored . Eyre pitching for Giants . Taguchi lined out to left . Mabry doubled to deep right . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Luna in left field . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Bonds struck out looking . Alfonzo doubled to deep right . Pierzynski flied out to right . Grissom grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Womack bunt grounded out to third . Luna singled to left . Herges pitching for Giants . Feliz at third base . Renteria grounded out to second , Luna to second . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Perez grounded out to third . Feliz doubled to left . Durham reached on infield single to second , Feliz to third . Durham caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Tucker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Herges pitching for Giants . Rolen homered to right center . Cedeno hit for Eldred . Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep right center . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Cedeno singled to left , Edmonds scored . Mabry grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first to second , Cedeno out at second . Marquis ran for Molina . Molina safe at first on error by second baseman Durham . Womack grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Giants 8 .	Giants ' first burst beats Cards