Cubs - Top 1st . Lowry pitching for Giants . Patterson reached on infield single to shortstop . Grudzielanek flied out to center . Patterson caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Alou struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Cubs . Tucker flied out to center . Cruz popped out to first . Feliz singled to left . Feliz to second on wild pitch by Wood . Bonds walked . Pierzynski singled to right , Feliz scored , Bonds to second . Alfonzo reached on infield single to third , Bonds scored , Pierzynski to second . Mohr flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Sosa struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to third . Lee singled to left . Barrett doubled to deep center , Lee scored . Martinez singled to right , Barrett scored , Martinez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Perez grounded out to second . Lowry singled to left . Tucker walked , Lowry to second . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Tucker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Lowry pitching for Giants . Wood struck out looking . Patterson struck out swinging . Grudzielanek grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Cubs . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Bonds singled to left center . Pierzynski hit by pitch , Bonds to second . Alfonzo singled to center , Bonds to third , Pierzynski to second . Mohr hit sacrifice fly to left , Bonds scored , Pierzynski to third . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alfonzo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Alou singled to left . Sosa grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alou out at second . Ramirez singled to deep center . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Lowry . Lee walked . Barrett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Lowry doubled to left . Tucker grounded out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Martinez flied out to right . Wood fouled out to first . Patterson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Bonds walked . Pierzynski singled to left , Bonds to second . Alfonzo flied out to left . Mohr hit by pitch , Bonds to third , Pierzynski to second . Perez grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Bonds out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Grudzielanek singled to left center . Alou grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grudzielanek out at second . Sosa lined into double play , right to first , Alou doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Lowry grounded out to first . Tucker flied out to center . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Lowry pitching for Giants . Ramirez flied out to right . Lee lined out to left . Barrett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Mercker pitching for Cubs . Feliz singled to left . Bonds grounded out to second , Feliz to third . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Feliz scored . Alfonzo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Garciaparra hit for Mercker . Lowry pitching for Giants . Martinez tripled to deep left . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez scored on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo . Feliz at third base . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Snow at first base . Walker hit for Grudzielanek . Patterson bunt popped out to first . Walker flied out to center . Walker at second base . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Alou flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Mohr reached on infield single to third . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Perez sacrificed to pitcher , Mohr to second , Perez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Farnsworth . Mohr to third on throwing error by pitcher Farnsworth . Grissom hit for Tucker . Snow walked . Grissom struck out swinging . Cruz singled to center , Mohr scored , Perez to third , Snow to second . Ransom ran for Cruz . Feliz hit sacrifice fly to right , Perez scored . Grissom in center field . Ransom at shortstop . Mohr in right field . Bonds popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 9th . Hermanson pitching for Giants . Sosa struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to second . Lee fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 3 - Giants 6 .	Giants rookie impressive again