Yankees - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to first. Jeter tripled to deep right. Sheffield singled to right center, Jeter scored. Rodriguez homered to right center, Sheffield scored. Giambi homered to right center. Matsui grounded out to second. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Johnson singled to left. Rios doubled to center, Johnson scored. Wells flied out to center, Rios to third. Glaus homered to left, Rios scored. Molina lined out to second. Hillenbrand flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett doubled to left. Damon grounded out to first, Stinnett to third. Jeter lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Overbay reached on infield single to pitcher. Hill doubled to left, Overbay to third. McDonald hit sacrifice fly to right, Overbay scored, Hill to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Rios homered to left, Hill scored. Wells walked. Wells caught stealing second, catcher to second. Glaus batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Sheffield walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sheffield out at second. Giambi walked. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Yankees. Glaus doubled to deep center. Molina reached on infield single to first, Glaus scored on throwing error by first baseman Giambi. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Overbay struck out looking. Hill flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Williams popped out to second. Cano flied out to left. Stinnett fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Yankees. McDonald singled to center. McDonald caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Johnson walked. Rios struck out swinging. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter walked. Sheffield singled to left, Jeter thrown out at third, Sheffield to second advancing on throw. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Glaus struck out swinging. Molina flied out to left. Hillenbrand lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Williams flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Overbay walked. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. McDonald reached on bunt single to third, Hill to second. Johnson walked, Hill to third, McDonald to second. Rios hit sacrifice fly to left, Hill scored, McDonald to third. Wells struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Posada hit for Stinnett. Cano singled to center. Posada fouled out to first. Damon popped out to shortstop. Jeter doubled to deep right, Cano scored. Posada catching. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Sheffield flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Chacon pitching for Yankees. Glaus homered to left. Molina safe at first on error by right fielder Sheffield. Hillenbrand singled to left center, Molina to second. Overbay flied out to center, Molina to third. Molina scored, Hillenbrand to second on wild pitch by Chacon. Hill lined out to right, Hillenbrand to third. McDonald struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 8th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Giambi struck out swinging. Smith pitching for Yankees. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Yankees. Johnson flied out to left. Rios grounded out to third. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Williams reached on infield single to shortstop. Cano grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Williams out at second. Posada singled to center. Damon fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Blue Jays 10.	Getting Randy: Jays oust Yanks' Johnson after 3 1/3