Mariners - Top 1st. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki to second. Lopez singled to right, Suzuki to third, Beltre to second. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki scored, Lopez out at second, Beltre to third. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre scored, Ibanez safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Hill. Everett singled to left, Ibanez scored, Sexson to second. Johjima grounded out to shortstop, Sexson to third, Everett to second. Betancourt grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Meche pitching for Mariners. Catalanotto flied out to center. Zaun struck out swinging. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Jones popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Glaus flied out to center. Overbay singled to center. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Hinske popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to first. Ibanez walked. Sexson reached on infield single to shortstop, Ibanez to second. Everett flied out to left. Johjima flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hill safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez. Adams struck out looking. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Zaun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Betancourt popped out to third. Jones walked. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Jones to second. Beltre lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Glaus walked. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Overbay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Glaus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez safe at second on error by third baseman Glaus. Ibanez flied out to center, Lopez to third. Sexson intentionally walked. Everett flied into double play, right to shortstop to third, Lopez doubled off third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Hillenbrand flied out to right. Hinske grounded out to second. Hill doubled to deep center. Adams doubled to left, Hill scored. Catalanotto singled to left, Adams tagged out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Johjima singled to center. Betancourt popped out to first. Jones flied out to center. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Johjima to second. Beltre doubled to deep left center, Johjima and Suzuki scored. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Meche pitching for Mariners. Zaun homered to right. Wells homered to center. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Overbay flied out to left. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Hillenbrand popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Ibanez flied out to right. Sexson fouled out to first. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Johnson hit for Hinske. Everett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to left center. Hill walked, Johnson to second. Molina hit for Catalanotto. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Adams sacrificed to pitcher, Johnson to third, Hill to second. Molina struck out swinging. Mottola in right field. Johnson in left field. League pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Johjima struck out swinging. Betancourt reached on infield single to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. Jones caught stealing second, to. Suzuki batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Wells flied out to center. Glaus struck out swinging. Overbay doubled to right. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Putz pitching for Mariners. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Johnson popped out to second. Hill struck out swinging. Adams grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Blue Jays 3.	Meche wins fifth straight as M's roll over Jays