Rangers - Top 1st. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Kinsler walked. Young flied out to right. Teixeira walked, Kinsler to second. Blalock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Johnson singled to center. Catalanotto flied out to center. Wells singled to center, Johnson to second. Overbay singled to right, Johnson scored, Wells to second. Zaun reached on infield single to second, Wells to third, Overbay to second. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Wells scored, Overbay to third, Zaun to second. Hinske flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. DeRosa struck out swinging. Mench fouled out to first. Wilkerson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hill flied out to center. McDonald grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Barajas flied out to left. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Catalanotto popped out to catcher. Wells flied out to left. Overbay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Young lined out to left. Teixeira flied out to left. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to left, Molina out stretching at second. Hinske struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. DeRosa flied out to center. Mench doubled to deep right center. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop, Mench to third. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hill singled to center. McDonald flied out to center. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews Jr singled to center. Kinsler flied out to right. Matthews Jr caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Young hit ground rule double to right. Teixeira walked. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Wells fouled out to first. Overbay singled to center. Zaun walked, Overbay to second. League pitching for Blue Jays. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher. Mench singled to center. Wilkerson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mench out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hinske struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to third. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Barajas struck out swinging. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to shortstop. Kinsler struck out swinging. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Young singled to center, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira singled to center, Matthews Jr scored, Young to second. Young to third, Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Schoeneweis. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Blalock singled to center, Young and Teixeira scored. DeRosa singled to center, Blalock to second. Hairston Jr ran for Mench. Mench walked, Blalock to third, DeRosa to second. Wilkerson singled to center, Blalock and DeRosa scored, Hairston Jr to second. Hairston Jr in right field. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Barajas grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop. Catalanotto flied out to center. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Cordero. Wells struck out swinging. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to second. Young singled to right. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Teixeira grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Zaun grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Hinske grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Blue Jays 2.	Rangers bust out of slump with five-run 8th, beat Jays