Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Damon popped out to third. Jeter singled to left center. Abreu flied out to right. Rodriguez walked, Jeter to second. Giambi homered to right, Jeter and Rodriguez scored. Wilson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Glaus singled to right. Overbay grounded out to pitcher, Glaus to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Glaus out at third, Rios to second. Zaun walked. Hill lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to center. Fasano struck out swinging. Cabrera to second. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Roberts struck out swinging. Johnson hit by pitch. Catalanotto flied out to right. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Jeter safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Abreu singled to left, Jeter to second. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second, Jeter to third. Giambi walked, Rodriguez to second. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Glaus struck out swinging. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera walked. Fasano struck out swinging. Green flied out to center. Damon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Zaun flied out to center. Hill grounded out to third. Roberts homered to left. Johnson doubled to left. Catalanotto walked. League pitching for Blue Jays. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter walked. Abreu singled to right, Jeter to second. Rodriguez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher League, Jeter scored, Abreu to third. Giambi intentionally walked. Wilson struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left center, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third, Giambi to second. Fasano grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rodriguez out at home, Giambi to third, Cabrera to second. Green grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lidle pitching for Yankees. Glaus struck out swinging, Glaus safe at first on wild pitch by Lidle. Overbay struck out swinging. Rios singled to left, Glaus to third. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to second. Abreu doubled to deep left center. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Giambi hit ground rule double to deep center, Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third. Wilson singled to right center, Rodriguez and Giambi scored. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Cabrera grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Hill fouled out to catcher. Roberts popped out to second. Johnson walked. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Fasano struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. Crosby in center field. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Damon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Yankees. Wells flied out to left. Glaus walked. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Overbay grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Glaus out at second. Rios singled to center, Overbay to second. Phillips catching. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Ponson pitching for Yankees. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Roberts flied out to center. Johnson doubled to left. Catalanotto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Yankees 8.	Lidle wins Yankees debut as New York pounds Toronto