Blue Jays - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto lined out to second. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero grounded out to second, Cabrera to second. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Cabrera to third. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Glaus struck out swinging. Overbay singled to right. Zaun struck out swinging, Overbay stole second. Lind homered to left center, Overbay scored. Hill flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick reached on bunt single to third. Kennedy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendrick out at second. Napoli homered to left center. Figgins singled to shallow right. Figgins stole second. Izturis walked. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. McDonald walked. Johnson sacrificed to pitcher, McDonald to second. Catalanotto flied out to center, McDonald to third. Wells fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero doubled to deep center. Anderson singled to right, Guerrero to third. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero scored, Anderson safe at third on throwing error by shortstop McDonald. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to right, Anderson scored. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Kennedy flied out to left. Napoli singled to left, Rivera to second. Figgins singled to right, Rivera scored, Napoli to third. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Figgins out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Glaus walked. Overbay struck out swinging. Zaun grounded out to second, Glaus to second. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Lind popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Guerrero grounded out to second, Cabrera to second. Anderson intentionally walked. Cabrera to third, Anderson to second on wild pitch by McGowan. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at home, Anderson to third. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Hill singled to center. McDonald flied out to left. Johnson singled to left, Hill to second. Catalanotto walked, Hill to third, Johnson to second. Wells fouled out to first. Glaus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Hattig at third base. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Kennedy walked. Napoli flied out to left. Figgins singled to right, Kennedy to second. Izturis lined into double play, right to first to shortstop, Kennedy doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Overbay doubled to deep right. Zaun struck out looking. Lind struck out looking. Barker hit for McDonald. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Hill doubled to deep center, Overbay scored. Hill at shortstop. Adams at second base. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Barker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to center. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging, Cabrera stole second. Cabrera stole third. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Johnson walked. Catalanotto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. Wells struck out swinging. Shields pitching for Angels. Hattig reached on infield single to third, Catalanotto to second. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Kendrick grounded out to second. Kennedy walked. Kennedy stole second. Napoli walked. Figgins fouled out to third. Erstad at first base. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Zaun flied out to center. Lind doubled to deep left. Hill reached on infield single to shortstop, Lind to third. League pitching for Blue Jays. Adams grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Guerrero grounded out to third. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Angels 4.	Weaver, Angels get out of jam to beat Blue Jays