Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist popped out to third. Young doubled to deep left. Crawford popped out to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson lined out to left. Catalanotto doubled to deep left. Wells lined out to left. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Cantu flied out to center. Hollins lined out to center. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Molina singled to center. Hill flied out to left. Overbay singled to left, Molina to second. Phillips hit ground rule double to left, Molina scored, Overbay to third. McDonald fouled out to catcher. Johnson singled to right center, Overbay scored, Phillips thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Upton flied out to center. Perez singled to left. Zobrist popped out to pitcher. Young singled to center, Perez to third. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Catalanotto reached on infield single to pitcher. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to second, Catalanotto out at second. Glaus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Wigginton reached on infield single to third. Cantu walked, Wigginton to second. Hollins sacrificed to third, Wigginton to third, Cantu to second. Navarro singled to center, Wigginton scored, Cantu to third. Upton flied out to right. Perez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Molina flied out to right. Hill walked. Overbay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist grounded out to second. Young doubled to deep center. Crawford struck out swinging. Young stole third. Wigginton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Phillips singled to left. McDonald grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Phillips out at second. Johnson singled to left. Catalanotto lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Cantu fouled out to first. Hollins flied out to center. Navarro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Wells walked. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Glaus doubled to deep center, Wells to third. Molina safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Upton, Wells scored, Glaus to third. Hill struck out looking. Lind hit for Phillips. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Overbay intentionally walked. Lind singled to right center, Glaus scored, Molina to third, Overbay to second. McDonald doubled to right, Molina and Overbay scored, Lind to third. Johnson intentionally walked. League pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Upton grounded out to second. Perez struck out swinging. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Zobrist flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Wells singled to right center. Glaus grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. Molina walked. Molina to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Johnson in left field. Rios in right field. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Young struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Devil Rays. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Lind doubled to left. McDonald grounded out to second, Lind to third. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Cantu struck out swinging. Hollins doubled to deep center. Navarro flied out to left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 1 - Blue Jays 6.	Lilly stays hot as Jays send Rays to sixth straight loss