Pirates - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura reached on infield single to shortstop . McCutchen fouled out to shortstop . Jones singled to center , Iwamura to second . Doumit flied out to center . Milledge singled to right , Iwamura to third , Jones to second . Clement flied out to left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Jackson struck out swinging . Drew safe at first on error by second baseman Iwamura . Upton struck out swinging , Drew stole second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche fouled out to left . Morton struck out swinging . Cedeno struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . Young singled to left . Young to second on wild pitch by Morton . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura doubled to deep center . McCutchen struck out looking . Jones walked . Doumit flied out to center . Milledge grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Lopez singled to right . Jackson singled to left , Lopez to second . Drew flied out to center . Upton singled to center , Lopez to third , Jackson to second . LaRoche singled to center , Lopez and Jackson scored , Upton to second . Reynolds hit by pitch , Upton to third , LaRoche to second . Montero struck out swinging . Young homered to center , Upton , LaRoche and Reynolds scored ( 435 feet ) . Johnson doubled to deep left . Lopez flied out to center . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Clement grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche lined out to left . Morton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Jackson grounded out to third . Drew singled to deep right center . Drew to second on wild pitch by Morton . Upton walked . LaRoche singled to right , Drew scored , Upton to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero doubled to right , Upton scored , LaRoche thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cedeno grounded out to second . Iwamura lined out to center . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Young flied out to right . Johnson singled to right . Lopez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Doumit singled to right . Milledge grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Doumit out at second . Milledge stole second . Clement singled to center , Milledge scored . LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Jackson struck out swinging . Drew flied out to left . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Young singled to left . Cedeno struck out swinging . Iwamura lined into double play , shortstop to first , Young doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Meek pitching for Pirates . LaRoche walked . LaRoche to second on passed ball by Doumit . Reynolds grounded out to third . Montero singled to right , LaRoche to third . Young singled to center , LaRoche scored , Montero to second . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out swinging . Jones singled to right . Doumit fouled out to catcher . Milledge popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Penn pitching for Pirates . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to third . Abreu singled to left . Upton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Howry pitching for Diamondbacks . Clement struck out swinging . LaRoche flied out to center . Church struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Young 's grand slam , 5 RBIs power D - backs \n\n