Pirates - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura walked . McCutchen singled to right center , Iwamura to second . Milledge singled to left , Iwamura to third , McCutchen to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Iwamura scored , Milledge out at second , McCutchen to third . Church walked . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Jackson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Young . Drew flied out to center . Upton walked , Jackson to second . LaRoche grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to second . Cedeno struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Reynolds flied out to left . Young bunt popped out foul to catcher . Johnson walked . Snyder homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Johnson scored . Jackson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura flied out to center . McCutchen homered to left center ( 414 feet ) . Milledge doubled to deep right . Jones flied out to center . Church reached on infield single to third , Milledge to third . Young tripled to deep center , Milledge and Church scored . Jaramillo grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Jackson popped out to pitcher . Drew flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen bunt grounded out to catcher . Cedeno singled to center . Iwamura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cedeno out at second . Iwamura stole second . McCutchen lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . LaRoche walked . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRoche to second . Young homered to left ( 367 feet ) , LaRoche and Reynolds scored . Johnson homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Snyder flied out to center . Jackson singled to center . Jackson singled to right , Jackson to second . Drew tripled to deep center , Jackson and Jackson scored . Drew scored on Penn 's wild pitch . Upton walked . LaRoche singled to right , Upton to third . Reynolds walked , LaRoche to second . Young grounded out to first , Upton scored , LaRoche to third , Reynolds to second . Johnson walked . Snyder doubled to deep center , LaRoche , Reynolds and Johnson scored . Jackson homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Snyder scored . Jackson struck out looking . 13 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Milledge grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to third . Church doubled to deep center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Taschner pitching for Pirates . Drew struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to center . Reynolds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . Jaramillo singled to center . Taschner sacrificed to pitcher , Jaramillo to second . Cedeno struck out swinging . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Taschner pitching for Pirates . Young struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Snyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . Milledge singled to left . Jones grounded out to first , Milledge to second . Church grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Ojeda grounded out to first . Jackson flied out to right . Drew singled to left center . Parra reached on infield single to second , Drew to second . Ryal lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Young grounded out to first . Jaramillo fouled out to third . Raynor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Pirates . Reynolds grounded out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hester flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Howry pitching for Diamondbacks . Cedeno singled to center . Crosby homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Cedeno scored . McCutchen struck out swinging . Milledge flied out to left . Jones grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 15 .	Jackson 's first HR caps 13 - run D - backs ' 4th