Padres - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Hairston Jr. flied out to center . Denorfia grounded out to catcher . Gonzalez walked . Hairston singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Torrealba lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Correia pitching for Padres . Tabata reached on infield single to third . Young walked , Tabata to second . Walker flied out to center , Tabata to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tabata out at home , Young to second . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Cunningham tripled to deep center . Salazar reached on infield single to third . Cabrera walked , Salazar to second . Correia singled to left , Cunningham scored , Salazar to third , Cabrera to second . Hairston Jr. hit sacrifice fly to right , Salazar scored , Cabrera to third . Denorfia doubled to left , Cabrera scored , Correia to third . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left , Correia scored . Hairston grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Correia pitching for Padres . Milledge grounded out to third . Jaramillo flied out to center . Cedeno popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Torrealba singled to center . Cunningham flied out to left . Torrealba caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Salazar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Correia pitching for Padres . Maholm singled to left . Tabata grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maholm out at second . Young grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Correia grounded out to second . Hairston Jr. singled to left . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Padres . Walker walked . Jones flied out to center . Alvarez reached on infield single to shortstop , Walker to second , Walker to third , Alvarez to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Milledge singled to left , Walker and Alvarez scored . Jaramillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Milledge out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Gonzalez flied out to left . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Correia pitching for Padres . Cedeno doubled to deep center . Maholm grounded out to pitcher , Cedeno to third . Tabata grounded out to shortstop , Cedeno scored . Young walked . Walker flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Cunningham reached on infield single to third . Salazar flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left center , Cunningham to second . Correia sacrificed to pitcher , Cunningham to third , Cabrera to second . Hairston Jr. flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Headley at third base . Correia pitching for Padres . Jones grounded out to first . Alvarez singled to right . Milledge popped out to first . Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Donnelly pitching for Pirates . Denorfia walked . Denorfia stole second , Denorfia safe at third on throwing error by catcher Jaramillo . Gonzalez walked . Hairston walked , Gonzalez to second . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Denorfia out at home , Gonzalez to third , Hairston to second . Venable hit for Cunningham . Venable hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored , Hairston to third . Headley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Venable in right field . Frieri pitching for Padres . Cedeno struck out swinging . LaRoche hit for Carrasco . LaRoche walked . Tabata struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Cabrera walked . Gwynn hit for Frieri . Cabrera picked off first . Gwynn lined out to second . Hairston Jr. grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Walker grounded out to second . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Denorfia struck out looking . Gonzalez walked . Hairston struck out swinging . Torrealba flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Milledge grounded out to shortstop . Crosby hit for Jaramillo . Crosby grounded out to third . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Pirates 3 .	Padres ride four - run second inning past Pirates