Nationals - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Morgan grounded out to first . Desmond struck out looking . Zimmerman walked . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . McCutchen grounded out to third . Tabata grounded out to first . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Bernadina struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Espinosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . Milledge safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Cedeno safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond , Milledge to second . Snyder lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Maxwell grounded out to shortstop . Lannan doubled to third . Morgan fouled out to third . Desmond grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Maholm struck out looking . McCutchen walked . Tabata struck out swinging . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Zimmerman singled to left . Morse walked , Zimmerman to second . Bernadina reached on bunt single to catcher , Zimmerman to third , Morse to second . Rodriguez singled to deep right , Zimmerman and Morse scored , Bernadina to third , Rodriguez to second on error by catcher Snyder . Espinosa singled to right , Bernadina scored , Rodriguez to third . Maxwell hit sacrifice fly to center , Rodriguez scored . Lannan sacrificed to catcher , Espinosa to second . Morgan singled to left , Espinosa scored . Desmond singled to left , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Desmond out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Jones grounded out to first . Alvarez singled to center . Milledge singled to right , Alvarez to second . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher , Alvarez to third , Milledge to second . Snyder grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Morse singled to right . Bernadina struck out looking . Rodriguez homered to right ( 348 feet ) , Morse scored . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Espinosa flied out to left . Maxwell struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . LaRoche hit for Gallagher . Lannan pitching for Nationals . LaRoche struck out swinging . McCutchen homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Tabata grounded out to first . Walker doubled to left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Lannan walked . Morgan singled to left , Lannan to second . Desmond doubled to deep left , Lannan scored , Morgan to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morgan out at home . Morse flied out to center . Bernadina flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Alvarez grounded out to second . Milledge reached on infield single to third . Cedeno grounded out to second , Milledge to second . Snyder fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez singled to right . Espinosa singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Maxwell grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second , Rodriguez to third . Lannan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Young hit for McCutchen . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Young flied out to right . McCutchen safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman . Tabata flied out to right . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Park pitching for Pirates . Morgan flied out to left . Desmond singled to right . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher , Desmond to second . Morse singled to center , Desmond scored . Bernadina grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Jones singled to center . Alvarez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at second . Milledge singled to center , Alvarez to second . Cedeno doubled to left , Alvarez scored , Milledge thrown out at home . Snyder fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Ledezma pitching for Pirates . Diaz at shortstop . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Espinosa popped out to third . Maxwell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Nationals . Diaz flied out to right . McCutchen struck out swinging . Tabata singled to left . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 9 - Pirates 2 .	Rodriguez backs Lannan as Nats drop Pirates