Astros - Top 1st . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois singled to center . Sanchez walked , Bourgeois to second . Pence singled to center , Bourgeois scored , Sanchez to second . Lee walked , Sanchez to third , Pence to second . Keppinger hit sacrifice fly to left , Sanchez scored . Johnson struck out swinging . Quintero struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Astros . McCutchen singled to left . Tabata safe at first on error by shortstop Sanchez , McCutchen to second . Walker grounded out to first , McCutchen to third , Tabata to second . Jones grounded out to second , McCutchen scored , Tabata to third . Alvarez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Wallace singled to right . Myers sacrificed to catcher , Wallace to second . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center , Wallace scored , Sanchez to third on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen . Pence flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Astros . Bowker grounded out to second . Cedeno popped out to first . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Lee flied out to right . Keppinger grounded out to third . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Astros . McDonald struck out swinging . McCutchen flied out to center . Tabata reached on infield single to shortstop . Walker walked , Tabata to second . Jones doubled to deep right center , Tabata and Walker scored . Alvarez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Young in right field . Bowker in left field . McDonald pitching for Pirates . Quintero bunt grounded out to catcher . Wallace struck out swinging . Myers singled to right . Bourgeois grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Myers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Astros . Bowker walked . Cedeno popped out to second . Snyder fouled out to third . Moss hit for McDonald . Moss grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Sanchez struck out swinging . Pence singled to center . Lee popped out to second . Keppinger singled to left , Pence to second . Johnson singled to left , Pence scored , Keppinger to second . Quintero grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Astros . McCutchen walked . McCutchen stole second . Young walked . Walker sacrificed to pitcher , McCutchen to third , Young to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to left , McCutchen scored , Young to third . Alvarez doubled to deep right center , Young scored . Bowker grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Wallace singled to right . Myers sacrificed to third , Wallace to second . Leroux pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois walked . Sanchez singled to left , Wallace scored , Bourgeois to second , Bourgeois to third on error by left fielder Bowker . Pence doubled to deep right center , Bourgeois and Sanchez scored . Lee struck out swinging . Keppinger singled to left , Pence scored . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Johnson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Astros . Cedeno grounded out to third . Snyder flied out to center . LaRoche hit for Gallagher . LaRoche homered to left ( 365 feet ) . McCutchen singled to right . Young grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Park pitching for Pirates . Quintero grounded out to pitcher . Wallace struck out swinging . Hernandez hit for Myers . Hernandez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Abad pitching for Astros . Walker flied out to center . Jones tripled to deep right . Alvarez hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored . Bowker flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Ho Park pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez grounded out to second . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Astros . Cedeno grounded out to second . Presley hit for Snyder . Presley singled to left . Doumit hit for Park . Doumit grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Presley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Doumit catching . Lee flied out to right . Keppinger doubled to deep right . Johnson walked . Quintero singled to center , Keppinger scored , Johnson to second . Wallace struck out swinging . Blum hit for Lopez . Blum singled to right , Johnson scored , Quintero to second , Quintero to third advancing on throw . Bourgeois struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Bogusevic in left field . Lyon pitching for Astros . McCutchen flied out to right . Young grounded out to second . Walker singled to right . Walker to second on fielder 's indifference . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 10 - Pirates 7 .	' Abysmal ' Pirates lose 100th game of season