Astros - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois grounded out to first . Sanchez struck out swinging . Pence singled to center . Lee doubled to left , Pence scored . Keppinger grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Astros . McCutchen walked . Tabata flied out to right . Walker struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Michaels doubled to deep center . Johnson grounded out to third . Castro struck out looking . Happ struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Astros . Alvarez reached on infield single to second . Cedeno flied out to center . LaRoche reached on infield single to third , Alvarez to second . Snyder grounded out to first , Alvarez to third , LaRoche to second . Maholm grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois grounded out to third . Sanchez flied out to right . Pence walked . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Astros . McCutchen hit by pitch . Tabata grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second . Walker popped out to shortstop . Tabata stole second . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Keppinger flied out to center . Michaels singled to left . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Michaels out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Astros . Alvarez flied out to right . Cedeno flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Castro struck out swinging . Happ struck out swinging . Bourgeois reached on infield single to first . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bourgeois safe at second on error by shortstop Cedeno . Pence flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Astros . Snyder flied out to left . Maholm struck out looking . McCutchen singled to left . Tabata struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Lee singled to left . Keppinger grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee out at second . Michaels grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Happ pitching for Astros . Walker grounded out to third . Jones walked . Alvarez singled to left , Jones to third . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones scored , Alvarez safe at third on error by catcher Castro . LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to right , Alvarez scored . Snyder lined out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Johnson struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . Downs hit for Happ . Downs grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Melancon pitching for Astros . Young hit for Maholm . Young walked . Ciriaco ran for Young . McCutchen singled to left , Ciriaco to second . Tabata struck out swinging . Abad pitching for Astros . Walker singled to left , Ciriaco scored , McCutchen to second . Jones flied out to center . Alvarez doubled to deep right , McCutchen and Walker scored . Lopez pitching for Astros . Cedeno grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Jones at first base . Presley in right field . Meek pitching for Pirates . Bourgeois struck out swinging . Sanchez walked . Pence homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Sanchez scored . Lee struck out swinging . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Paulino pitching for Astros . Presley singled to right . Presley to second on wild pitch by Paulino . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Presley to third . Doumit hit for Meek . Doumit singled to right , Presley scored , Snyder to third . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snyder out at home , Doumit to second . Tabata reached on infield single to shortstop , Doumit to third , McCutchen to second . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Walker doubled to deep right , Doumit and McCutchen scored , Tabata to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , Tabata scored , Walker to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Park pitching for Pirates . Michaels struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Castro doubled to deep right . Bogusevic hit for Byrdak . Bogusevic walked . Bourgeois flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 3 - Pirates 9 .	Pirates ' Maholm wins again with 7 sharp innings