Pirates - Top 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen grounded out to third . Tabata singled to center . Walker walked , Tabata to second . Jones grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Morton pitching for Pirates . Schumaker singled to right . Craig singled to right center , Schumaker to third . Pujols popped out to second . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Craig out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez homered to right ( 431 feet ) . Bowker lined out to left . Cedeno struck out looking . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Rasmus flied out to center . Descalso struck out swinging . Ryan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Morton flied out to center . McCutchen doubled to deep left . Tabata grounded out to third . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Morton pitching for Pirates . Pagnozzi struck out swinging . Lohse struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to center . Craig singled to center , Schumaker to second . Pujols singled to center , Schumaker scored , Craig to second . Holliday singled to left , Craig scored , Pujols out at third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Jones grounded out to first . Alvarez doubled to deep right center . Bowker grounded out to second , Alvarez to third . Cedeno singled to left , Alvarez scored . Snyder popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop . Descalso lined into double play , shortstop to first , Rasmus doubled off first . Ryan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Morton flied out to right . McCutchen singled to left . Tabata singled to right , McCutchen to second . Walker singled to right , McCutchen scored , Tabata to third , Walker out stretching at second . Jones walked . Alvarez singled to left , Tabata scored , Jones to second , Jones to third on error by left fielder Holliday . Bowker struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Pagnozzi singled to left center . Lohse sacrificed to first , Pagnozzi to second . Schumaker grounded out to first , Pagnozzi to third . Craig grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno grounded out to third . Snyder lined out to third . Morton singled to center . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Morton pitching for Pirates . Pujols singled to center . Holliday homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Pujols scored . Rasmus struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . Ryan grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Tabata flied out to center . Walker walked . Jones doubled to right , Walker to third . Alvarez intentionally walked . LaRoche hit for Bowker . LaRoche grounded into double play , third to second to first , Alvarez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Presley in right field . Pagnozzi singled to center . Jay hit for Reyes . Jay sacrificed to pitcher , Pagnozzi to second . Schumaker struck out looking . Craig safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno , Pagnozzi scored . Pujols intentionally walked . Holliday walked , Craig to third , Pujols to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Jay in right field . Cedeno singled to right center . Doumit hit for Snyder . Doumit grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Cedeno out at second . Presley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Park pitching for Pirates . Doumit catching . Descalso walked . Ryan bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at second . Pagnozzi singled to right , Ryan to third . Ryan scored , Pagnozzi to second on wild pitch by Park . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Feliz at third base . McCutchen walked . McCutchen stole second . Tabata struck out looking . Walker lined out to center . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Cardinals 6 .	Cardinals win to keep faint playoff hopes alive