Cardinals - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Ryan singled to center. Ludwick popped out to shortstop. Pujols fouled out to first. Ryan stole second. Holliday walked. Freese flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Venable flied out to left. Eckstein flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Stavinoha flied out to right. LaRue fouled out to first. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Headley struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Hairston Jr. singled to right center. Denorfia reached on infield single to shortstop, Hairston Jr. to second. Gwynn walked, Hairston Jr. to third, Denorfia to second. LeBlanc flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Walters struck out swinging. Ryan singled to left center. Ludwick singled to left, Ryan to third. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan scored, Ludwick out at second. Holliday walked, Pujols to second. Freese flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Venable struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Stavinoha singled to center. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stavinoha out at second. Schumaker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, LaRue out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Headley singled to center. Hundley flied out to left. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Walters grounded out to second. Ryan homered to left (383 feet). Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Pujols homered to left (418 feet). Holliday singled to left center, Holliday out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Walters pitching for Cardinals. Gwynn flied out to left. LeBlanc flied out to center. Venable singled to center. Eckstein safe at first on error by third baseman Freese, Venable to second. Gonzalez walked, Venable to third, Eckstein to second. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Freese singled to left. Stavinoha flied out to right. LaRue fouled out to right. Freese to second on wild pitch by LeBlanc. Schumaker tripled to right, Freese scored. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Mather hit for Walters. Mather struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Mather in center field. Ludwick in right field. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Hundley doubled to deep right center. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to third. Gwynn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Russell pitching for Padres. Durango in center field. Ryan singled to right. Ludwick doubled to center, Ryan to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center, Ryan scored, Ludwick to third. Holliday singled to center, Ludwick scored. Freese singled to right, Holliday to third. Hawksworth struck out looking. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Durango singled to center. Venable singled to right, Durango to second. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop, Durango to third, Venable to second, Durango scored, Venable to third on throwing error by shortstop Ryan. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Miller. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Headley grounded out to pitcher, Venable scored, Eckstein to third. Hundley walked. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Hairston Jr. singled to left, Eckstein scored, Hundley to second. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston Jr. out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Russell pitching for Padres. Schumaker singled to left. Rasmus hit for Mather. Rasmus walked, Schumaker to second. Ryan sacrificed to third, Schumaker to third, Rasmus to second. Ludwick singled to right, Schumaker and Rasmus scored. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Rasmus in center field. Salazar hit for Russell. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Salazar singled to center. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Durango grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Salazar out at second. Venable walked, Durango to second. Eckstein grounded into double play, third to second to first, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Freese struck out swinging. Jay hit for Reyes. Jay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Headley flied out to left. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Padres 3.	Pujols slump ends in victory \n\n