Dodgers - Top 1st. Luebke pitching for Padres. Podsednik struck out looking. Theriot grounded out to pitcher. Furcal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Durango flied out to left. Headley grounded out to second. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Luebke pitching for Padres. Blake flied out to center. Kemp doubled to deep right. Johnson grounded out to first, Kemp to third. Mitchell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Stairs grounded out to second. Torrealba walked. Torrealba stole second. Venable struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Luebke pitching for Padres. Barajas flied out to left. Billingsley struck out swinging. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Luebke struck out looking. Durango reached on infield single to second. Durango stole second. Headley struck out swinging. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Tejada singled to center, Durango scored, Gonzalez to third, Tejada to second advancing on throw. Stairs walked. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stairs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Theriot flied out to center. Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop. Blake grounded out to first, Furcal to second. Kemp grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Venable struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. Luebke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Mitchell flied out to right. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Durango grounded out to pitcher. Headley flied out to left. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second. Tejada walked, Gonzalez to second. Stairs walked, Gonzalez to third, Tejada to second. Denorfia ran for Stairs. Torrealba flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Denorfia in left field. Luebke pitching for Padres. Billingsley struck out swinging. Podsednik lined out to left. Theriot walked. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Venable reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher, Venable to second. Eckstein hit for Luebke. Eckstein sacrificed into fielder's choice to third, Venable to third, Cabrera to second. Durango singled to left, Venable and Cabrera scored, Eckstein to second. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Eckstein to third, Durango safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Mitchell. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Eckstein scored. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Tejada grounded out to first, Durango to third, Headley to second. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Padres. Blake lined out to center. Kemp grounded out to first. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Venable reached on bunt single to third, Torrealba to third. Cabrera struck out looking. Cunningham hit for Webb. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Baxter hit for Cunningham. Baxter grounded into double play, second to first, Venable out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Gibbons hit for Mitchell. Gibbons walked. Oeltjen hit for Barajas. Oeltjen flied out to left. Loney hit for Troncoso. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Loney singled to right, Gibbons to second. Lindsey hit for Podsednik. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Ethier hit for Lindsey. Ethier grounded into double play, second to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Dotel pitching for Dodgers. Gibbons in left field. Ellis catching. Loney at first base. Durango grounded out to shortstop. Headley singled to right. Headley stole second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Tejada flied out to left. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Theriot flied out to right. Furcal flied out to center. Blake grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 0 - Padres 4.	Pads sweep Dodgers  \n\n