Astros - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Bourn singled to center . Bourn stole second . Pence reached on infield single to pitcher , Bourn to third . Berkman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bourn scored , Pence out at second . Lee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Soriano grounded out to third . Johnson singled to center . Lee singled to right , Johnson to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lee out at second , Johnson to third . Fukudome grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Tejada walked . Wigginton singled to center , Tejada to second . Loretta singled to center , Tejada scored , Wigginton to second . Ausmus grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Loretta out at second , Wigginton to third . Oswalt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . DeRosa grounded out to third . Soto tripled to deep left . Theriot flied out to center . Marquis doubled to right , Soto scored . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Bourn flied out to center . Pence struck out swinging . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Johnson flied out to right . Lee homered to right center . Ramirez flied out to center . Fukudome flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Lee homered to center . Tejada grounded out to second . Wigginton reached on infield single to third . Loretta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wigginton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Erstad at first base . Oswalt pitching for Astros . DeRosa singled to right . Soto grounded into double play , second to first , DeRosa out at second . Theriot grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Ausmus lined out to right . Oswalt grounded out to shortstop . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Marquis safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Wigginton . Soriano flied out to center , Marquis thrown out at third . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Cubs . Pence safe at first on error by first baseman Lee . Pence stole second . Erstad doubled to deep right center , Pence scored . Lee doubled to deep right center , Erstad scored . Tejada lined out to right , Lee to third . Hart pitching for Cubs . Wigginton struck out swinging . Loretta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Lee doubled to deep right . Ramirez flied out to center . Fukudome reached on bunt single to pitcher , Lee to third . Lee scored , Fukudome to second on passed ball by Ausmus . DeRosa grounded out to third . Soto grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Hart pitching for Cubs . Ausmus flied out to right . Oswalt grounded out to second . Bourn tripled to deep center . Pence flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Perez at second base . Loretta at third base . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Theriot walked . Fontenot hit for Hart . Fontenot reached on infield single to shortstop , Theriot to second . Soriano grounded out to third , Theriot to third , Fontenot to second . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Theriot scored , Fontenot to third . Lee singled to left , Fontenot scored . Villarreal pitching for Astros . Ramirez walked , Lee to second . Wright pitching for Astros . Fukudome doubled to left , Lee and Ramirez scored . Geary pitching for Astros . Fukudome to third on balk by Geary . DeRosa doubled to deep right center , Fukudome scored . Soto struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Blanco catching . Howry pitching for Cubs . Erstad singled to right . Lee doubled to deep left , Erstad to third . Tejada grounded out to second , Erstad scored , Lee to third . Blum hit for Perez . Blum singled to center , Lee scored . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Cedeno at second base . Loretta lined out to right . Ausmus grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Blum at third base . Loretta at second base . Brocail pitching for Astros . Theriot struck out swinging . Cedeno singled to right center . Soriano grounded out to third , Cedeno to second . Johnson singled to left , Cedeno scored . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lee batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Cruz Jr hit for Brocail . Cruz Jr flied out to right . Bourn grounded out to second . Pence grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Cubs 9 .	Potent pair Fukudome , Lee lift Cubs past Astros