White Sox - Top 1st. Hess pitching for Orioles. García flied out to left. Moncada struck out looking. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Rickard flied out to right. Villar grounded out to shortstop. Mancini singled to left center. Núñez singled to left, Mancini to second. Alberto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hess pitching for Orioles. Alonso struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to right. Delmonico grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Ruiz singled to center. Severino grounded out to third, Ruiz to second. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hess pitching for Orioles. McCann flied out to center. Sánchez singled to center. Cordell flied out to left. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Rickard struck out swinging. Villar grounded out to shortstop. Mancini grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hess pitching for Orioles. Moncada popped out to third. Abreu flied out to right. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Banuelos pitching for White Sox. Núñez walked. Alberto reached on bunt single to third, Núñez to second. Wilkerson popped out to first. Ruiz singled to shallow center, Alberto to second, Núñez to third. Núñez picked off third. Severino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hess pitching for Orioles. Anderson doubled to left. Anderson to third on passed ball by. Delmonico walked. McCann homered to center (421 feet), Anderson scored and Delmonico scored. Sánchez lined out to right. Cordell doubled to left. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cordell out at third. Moncada walked, García to second. Abreu singled to left center, García scored, Moncada to second. Alonso lined out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Martin grounded out to first. Rickard flied out to right. Villar singled to right center. Mancini doubled to deep right, Villar scored. Núñez flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Anderson flied out to right. Delmonico safe at first on error by shortstop Martin. McCann struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to right, Delmonico to third. Cordell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Burr pitching for White Sox. Alberto grounded out to second. Wilkerson struck out looking. Fry pitching for White Sox. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Scott pitching for Orioles. García struck out swinging. Moncada singled to right. Abreu homered to right (388 feet), Moncada scored. Alonso doubled to right. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alonso scored on throwing error by shortstop Martin, Anderson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Martin. Delmonico struck out swinging. McCann singled to deep center, Anderson scored. Castro pitching for Orioles. Sánchez singled to center, McCann to third. Cordell grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. García in left field. Engel in center field. Fry pitching for White Sox. Severino reached on infield single to catcher. Martin struck out swinging. Rickard flied out to right. Villar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Severino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Castro pitching for Orioles. García singled to center. Moncada walked, García to second. Moncada to second on wild pitch by Castro, García to third on wild pitch by Castro. Abreu singled to left center, García scored and Moncada scored. Abreu to second on wild pitch by Castro. Alonso walked. Anderson struck out swinging. Alonso to second on wild pitch by Castro, Abreu to third on wild pitch by Castro. Engel singled to right center, Abreu scored and Alonso scored. McCann singled to left center, Engel to second. Yacabonis pitching for Orioles. Sánchez struck out looking. Cordell flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Mancini struck out swinging. Núñez lined out to center. Alberto safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Moncada. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Sucre pitching for Orioles. Sucre pitching for Orioles. García grounded out to second. Moncada grounded out to shortstop. Abreu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Osich pitching for White Sox. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Severino homered to left (381 feet). Martin struck out swinging. Rickard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 12 - Orioles 2.	Abreu HR, 5 RBIs helps White Sox crush Orioles 12-2