Orioles - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Alberto flied out to right. Villar doubled to left. Mancini struck out swinging. Núñez singled to left, Villar scored, Núñez to second. Severino singled to left, Núñez scored, Severino to second. Broxton singled to left, Severino to third. Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Tapia grounded out to pitcher. Story doubled to right center. Dahl grounded out to third, Story to third. Arenado doubled to deep left, Story scored. Murphy lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Martin struck out swinging. Cashner grounded out to third. Alberto lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Cashner pitching for Orioles. McMahon grounded out to shortstop. Desmond struck out swinging. Iannetta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Villar singled to left. Mancini grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Villar out at second. Núñez homered to left (436 feet). Severino grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Freeland struck out swinging. Tapia reached on infield single to first. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tapia out at second. Dahl singled to center, Story to second. Arenado homered to left (394 feet), Story scored and Dahl scored. Murphy flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Broxton walked. Wilkerson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broxton out at second. Martin singled to shallow center, Wilkerson to second. Cashner bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Martin to second, Wilkerson out at third. Alberto singled to center, Martin scored, Cashner to second. Villar homered to left center (422 feet), Cashner scored and Alberto scored. Mancini singled to left. Núñez flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Cashner pitching for Orioles. McMahon flied out to right. Desmond struck out looking. Iannetta doubled to left. Freeland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Severino singled to center. Broxton struck out swinging. Wilkerson struck out looking. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Cashner pitching for Orioles. Tapia struck out swinging. Story singled to left. Dahl grounded out to pitcher, Story to second. Arenado singled to center, Story scored. Murphy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Cashner grounded out to shortstop. Alberto grounded out to third. Villar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Castro pitching for Orioles. McMahon struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. Iannetta homered to right (375 feet). Rodgers hit for Bettis. Rodgers grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Oh pitching for Rockies. Mancini walked. Núñez singled to deep left, Mancini to second. Severino singled to left, Núñez to second, Mancini to third. Broxton struck out looking. McGee pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson singled to center, Mancini scored, Severino to second, Núñez to third. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson to second, Severino to third, Núñez out at home. Smith Jr. hit for Castro. Smith Jr. reached on infield single to second, Severino scored, Martin to second, Wilkerson out at home in rundown. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Lucas pitching for Orioles. Tapia flied out to center. Story struck out swinging. Dahl singled to center. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Alberto flied out to left. Villar grounded out to second. Mancini doubled to deep left. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lucas pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to third. McMahon grounded out to first. Desmond walked. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Desmond out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Severino singled to center. Broxton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Severino out at second. Wilkerson walked. Wilkerson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Carlos Estevez pitches to Richie Martin. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ruiz at first base. Reynolds hit for Estévez. Lucas pitching for Orioles. Reynolds struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to second. Story grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Rockies 6.	Villar, Nunez homer as Orioles beat Rockies 9-6.