Red Sox - Top 1st. Means pitching for Orioles. Betts singled to center. Vázquez flied out to center. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Alberto singled to center. Alberto to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Alberto to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Mancini walked. Severino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mancini out at second, Alberto to third. Núñez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Means pitching for Orioles. Devers lined out to first. Bogaerts singled to left. Chavis flied out to right. Bradley Jr. flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Santander struck out swinging. Villar bunt grounded out to first. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Means pitching for Orioles. Núñez singled to right center. Hernández struck out swinging. Betts popped out to third. Vázquez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Broxton doubled to left. Martin flied out to right, Broxton to third. Alberto reached on infield single to pitcher, Broxton scored. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alberto out at second. Mancini to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Severino walked. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Severino out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Means pitching for Orioles. Martinez struck out swinging. Devers singled to center. Bogaerts doubled to deep left center, Devers scored. Chavis reached on infield single to second, Chavis to second, Bogaerts out at home in rundown. Bradley Jr. doubled to right center, Chavis scored. Núñez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Santander singled to right. Villar singled to left center, Santander to second. Brewer pitching for Red Sox. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Villar out at second, Santander to third. Santander scored, Davis to second. Colten Brewer pitches to Keon Broxton. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Means pitching for Orioles. Hernández grounded out to second. Betts walked. Betts to second on wild pitch by Means. Betts to second on wild pitch by Means. Vázquez flied out to center. Betts to third on wild pitch by Means. Martinez walked. Devers flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Shawaryn pitching for Red Sox. Alberto grounded out to shortstop. Mancini walked. Severino singled to deep left center, Mancini to third. Núñez struck out swinging. Santander walked, Severino to second. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Villar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santander out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Yacabonis pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts walked. Chavis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bogaerts out at second, Chavis safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Villar. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Bradley Jr. grounded out to shortstop, Chavis to third. Núñez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Davis struck out swinging. Broxton struck out looking. Martin safe at first on error by third baseman Devers. Alberto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Hernández grounded out to third. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Betts flied out to right. Vázquez singled to right. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vázquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Walden pitching for Red Sox. Mancini singled to center. Mancini to second on wild pitch by Walden. Severino struck out looking. Núñez flied out to right. Santander grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Devers grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts walked. Chavis struck out swinging. Fry pitching for Orioles. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Walden pitching for Red Sox. Villar walked. Villar stole second. Davis struck out looking, Villar stole third. Ruiz hit for Broxton. Villar scored on Walden wild pitch. Ruiz grounded out to second. Wilkerson hit for Martin. Lakins pitching for Red Sox. Wilkerson tripled to right. Alberto singled to center, Wilkerson scored. Mancini grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alberto out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Alberto at second base. Villar at shortstop. Holt hit for Núñez. Ruiz at third base. Givens pitching for Orioles. Holt lined out to right. Hernández homered to center (395 feet). Betts tripled to deep right. Vázquez struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Holt as designated hitter. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Severino singled to left. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Severino out at second. Santander flied out to left. Villar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 10th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Devers homered to center (458 feet). Bogaerts safe at first on error by third baseman Ruiz. Chavis reached on infield single to shortstop, Chavis to second, Bogaerts to third. Hess pitching for Orioles. Bradley Jr. flied out to center. Holt walked. Hernández popped out to shortstop. Betts reached on infield single to shortstop, Bogaerts scored and Chavis scored, Holt to third. Betts stole second. Vázquez singled to center, Holt scored and Betts scored. Martinez fouled out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 10th. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Chavis. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second in rundown. Wilkerson homered to right (386 feet), Ruiz scored. Alberto lined out to center. Mancini homered to center (408 feet). Severino grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Orioles 6.	Red Sox use late rally, big 10th inning to beat Orioles 8-6