Yankees - Top 1st. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Judge doubled to right. Gregorius flied out to center, Judge to third. Torres flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Villar struck out swinging. Mancini struck out swinging. Santander doubled to deep right. Núñez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Ford flied out to center. Gardner flied out to center. Romine homered to left (368 feet). Tauchman lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Peterson struck out looking. Alberto doubled to deep center. Sisco grounded out to second, Alberto to third. Davis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Valera struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Judge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Villar tripled to deep center. Mancini singled to center, Villar scored. Santander doubled to deep left center, Mancini thrown out at home. Núñez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Gregorius flied out to center. Torres grounded out to third. Ford grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Peterson walked. Alberto flied out to right. Sisco struck out swinging. Peterson to second on wild pitch by Tanaka. Peterson to second on wild pitch by Tanaka. Peterson to third on pickoff error by catcher Romine. Davis walked. Davis to second, Peterson caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher. Davis to second on runner's fielder's choice, Peterson caught stealing home, catcher to shortstop to catcher. Masahiro Tanaka pitches to Stevie Wilkerson. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to deep right. Romine lined out to right. Tauchman singled to center, Gardner to third. Valera tripled to right, Gardner scored and Tauchman scored. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valera scored on throwing error by shortstop Villar. Judge struck out swinging. Kline pitching for Orioles. Gregorius singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Torres struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Villar doubled to right. Mancini flied out to center, Villar to third. Santander lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Kline pitching for Orioles. Ford grounded out to second. Gardner homered to left center (384 feet). Romine struck out swinging. Tauchman homered to left center (361 feet). Valera lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Núñez doubled to right. Peterson homered to center (429 feet), Núñez scored. Alberto reached on infield single to third. Sisco doubled to right, Alberto to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to center, Alberto scored, Sisco to third. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Villar homered to right center (415 feet), Sisco scored. Mancini grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. Judge walked. Gregorius grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Judge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Ottavino pitching for Yankees. Santander flied out to left. Núñez lined out to third. Peterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Torres struck out swinging. Fry pitching for Orioles. Ford homered to right (371 feet). Gardner singled to left. Romine struck out swinging. Tauchman homered to left center (384 feet), Gardner scored. Valera grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Alberto walked. Sisco struck out swinging. Davis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alberto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Yacabonis pitching for Orioles. LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop. Judge walked, LeMahieu to second. Gregorius flied out to center. Torres grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Judge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Villar singled to right. Mancini struck out swinging. Santander grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santander safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius, Villar safe at second on error by shortstop Gregorius. Núñez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Yankees 9 - Orioles 6.	Yanks set park HR record; O's Villar hits for cycle