Orioles - Top 1st. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Villar doubled to deep left. Villar to third on wild pitch by Eovaldi. Mancini walked. Santander popped out to catcher. Núñez homered to left (415 feet), Villar scored and Mancini scored. Peterson flied out to center. Alberto lined out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Blach pitching for Orioles. Betts struck out swinging. Devers doubled to deep left center. Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop, Devers to third. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Eovaldi pitching for Red Sox. Davis walked. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Sisco grounded out to first, Davis to second. Davis to third on wild pitch by Eovaldi. Villar walked. Villar stole second. Mancini singled to center, Davis scored and Villar scored, Mancini thrown out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Blach pitching for Orioles. Benintendi grounded out to second. Travis popped out to second. Vázquez walked. León struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Santander struck out looking. Núñez hit by pitch. Peterson struck out swinging. Alberto doubled to deep center, Núñez scored. Davis walked. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Blach pitching for Orioles. Owings walked. Betts doubled to left, Owings to third. Devers grounded out to second, Owings scored, Betts to third. Bogaerts grounded out to pitcher, Betts scored. Martinez lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Brasier pitching for Red Sox. Sisco struck out swinging. Villar walked. Villar stole second. Mancini struck out swinging. Santander grounded into fielder's choice to third, Villar out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Blach pitching for Orioles. Benintendi struck out swinging. Travis homered to center (426 feet). Vázquez struck out swinging. León struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Núñez flied out to left. Peterson grounded out to second. Alberto singled to left. Davis reached on infield single to first, Alberto to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Blach pitching for Orioles. Owings struck out swinging. Betts flied out to center. Devers singled to left center. Bogaerts lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Walden pitching for Red Sox. Sisco flied out to center. Villar singled to shallow left. Mancini flied out to right. Villar to second on balk. Santander lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Blach pitching for Orioles. Martinez doubled to left. Benintendi flied out to center, Martinez to third. Travis walked. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Vázquez doubled to left, Martinez scored, Travis to third. Moreland hit for León. Fry pitching for Orioles. Moreland singled to shallow left, Travis and Vázquez scored on throwing error by shortstop Villar, Moreland safe at second on throwing error. Owings struck out swinging. Betts walked. Devers doubled to left, Moreland scored, Betts to third. Severino catching. Bogaerts reached on infield single to second, Betts scored, Devers to third. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Martinez reached on infield single to first, Devers scored, Bogaerts to second. Benintendi walked, Martinez to second, Bogaerts to third. Travis struck out looking. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Vázquez catching. Moreland at first base. Cashner pitching for Red Sox. Núñez struck out swinging. Peterson singled to right. Alberto grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Peterson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Armstrong pitching for Orioles. Vázquez singled to left. Moreland singled to right, Vázquez to third. Owings struck out swinging. Betts hit sacrifice fly to center, Vázquez scored. Devers homered to right (399 feet), Moreland scored. Bogaerts doubled to center. Martinez singled to center, Bogaerts scored. Benintendi flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Lakins pitching for Red Sox. Davis struck out swinging. Wilkerson flied out to center. Severino popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Travis grounded out to second. Vázquez struck out swinging. Moreland singled to center. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Hernández at second base. Owings at shortstop. Lakins pitching for Red Sox. Villar struck out looking. Mancini safe at first on error by first baseman Moreland. Santander singled to left, Mancini to second. Santander to second on wild pitch by Lakins, Mancini to third on wild pitch by Lakins. Núñez hit sacrifice fly to center, Mancini scored, Santander to third. Peterson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Red Sox 13.	Red-hot Devers helps Red Sox rally past Orioles, 13-7