Blue Jays - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Travis lined out to center . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Betts fouled out to first . Pedroia walked . Ortiz flied out to center . Ramírez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación flied out to center . Martin singled to center . Saunders struck out swinging . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval doubled to left . Nava grounded out to second , Sandoval to third . Holt grounded out to second . Bogaerts singled to shallow right , Sandoval scored . Hanigan walked , Bogaerts to second . Betts singled to right , Bogaerts scored , Hanigan to second . Pedroia singled to center , Hanigan scored , Betts to third . Ortiz singled to shallow left , Betts scored , Pedroia to second . Ramírez flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Pillar walked . Goins singled to deep left , Pillar to third . Travis singled to shallow right , Pillar scored , Goins to second . Donaldson singled to shallow right center , Goins scored , Travis to third . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to right , Travis scored , Donaldson to second . Encarnación singled to left center , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to second on error by left fielder Ramírez . Martin struck out looking . Saunders singled to right center , Encarnación scored . Mujica pitching for Red Sox . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saunders out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval doubled to deep left . Nava grounded out to second . Holt walked . Bogaerts flied out to center . Hanigan grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Mujica pitching for Red Sox . Pillar reached on infield single to third . Goins grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pillar out at second . Travis walked . Travis to second on balk by Mujica . Donaldson walked . Bautista singled to right , Travis scored , Donaldson to third . Donaldson scored , Bautista to second on balk by Mujica . Encarnación singled to left , Bautista scored . Martin flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Betts doubled to left . Pedroia flied out to center , Betts to third . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center , Betts scored . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sandoval batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Varvaro pitching for Red Sox . Saunders struck out looking . Valencia struck out looking . Pillar singled to right . Pillar stole second . Goins tripled to deep right , Pillar scored . Travis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval singled to right . Nava walked , Sandoval to second . Holt walked , Sandoval to third , Nava to second . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Hanigan flied out to left . Betts walked , Sandoval scored , Nava to third , Holt to second . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Varvaro pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson singled to shallow right center . Bautista walked , Donaldson to second . Encarnación fouled out to first . Ross pitching for Red Sox . Martin walked , Donaldson to third , Bautista to second . Saunders grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz walked . Ramírez popped out to second . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz out at second . Nava struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Valencia singled to right . Pillar doubled to left , Valencia to third . Goins struck out swinging . Travis grounded out to third . Donaldson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Holt struck out looking . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Hanigan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Bautista homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Encarnación flied out to center . Martin walked . Saunders reached on infield single to second , Martin to second . Valencia struck out looking . Pillar lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Betts struck out looking . Pedroia struck out looking . Ortiz doubled to deep right . Ramírez homered to right ( 346 feet ) , Ortiz scored . Sandoval singled to left . Craig hit for Nava . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Craig grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Goins struck out looking . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Travis grounded out to third . Donaldson homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Bautista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Holt struck out swinging . Bogaerts lined out to left . Hanigan singled to left . Hanigan to second on passed ball by Martin . Betts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Red Sox 8 .	Blue Jays pound Red Sox with 17 hits , win 11 - 8