Blue Jays - Top 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Travis singled to right . Donaldson fouled out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación doubled to deep center , Travis scored . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis walked . Ramírez singled to left center , Kipnis to second . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramírez out at second , Kipnis to third . Brantley stole second . Santana grounded out to third , Kipnis scored . Moss struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Pillar flied out to right . Saunders reached on bunt single to catcher . Goins doubled to deep right , Saunders to third . Carrera struck out looking . Travis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy grounded out to first . Chisenhall grounded out to first . Pérez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Donaldson grounded out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Holt struck out swinging . Kipnis walked . Ramírez grounded out to second , Kipnis to second . Kipnis to third on wild pitch by Sánchez . Brantley singled to center , Kipnis scored . Brantley stole second . Santana walked . Moss struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Martin homered to right center ( 393 feet ) . Pillar popped out to first . Saunders grounded out to third . Goins grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy flied out to right . Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Carrera singled to right center . Travis walked , Carrera to second . Donaldson walked , Carrera to third , Travis to second . Bautista singled to center , Carrera and Travis scored , Donaldson to second . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bautista out at second , Donaldson to third . Martin grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Holt struck out looking . Kipnis singled to left . Kipnis caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Goins . Brantley walked , Ramírez to second . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Pillar doubled to deep left center . Rzepczynski pitching for Indians . Saunders walked . Goins sacrificed to third , Pillar to third , Saunders to second . Valencia hit for Carrera . Swarzak pitching for Indians . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pillar scored , Saunders to third on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall . Travis walked , Valencia to second . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saunders scored , Travis out at second , Valencia to third . Bautista doubled to center , Valencia and Donaldson scored . Encarnación singled to center , Bautista scored . Shaw pitching for Indians . Martin reached on infield single to second , Encarnación to second . Pillar singled to center , Encarnación scored , Martin to second . Saunders flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Valencia in right field . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Moss flied out to center . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Chisenhall singled to right . Pérez walked , Chisenhall to second . Chisenhall to third , Pérez to second on wild pitch by Sánchez . Holt walked . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Indians . Goins grounded out to second . Valencia grounded out to third . Travis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez grounded out to first . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Webb pitching for Indians . Donaldson lined out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . Smoak hit for Encarnación . Smoak struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Diaz at shortstop . Smoak at first base . Goins at third base . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Moss doubled to deep center . Murphy grounded out to third , Moss to third . Chisenhall safe at second on error by second baseman Travis , Moss scored . Chisenhall to third on wild pitch by Hendriks . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left , Chisenhall scored . Holt flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Martin doubled to deep left . Pillar grounded out to third , Martin to third . Saunders singled to right , Martin scored . Goins flied out to center . Valencia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Copeland pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis singled to center . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kipnis out at second . Brantley flied out to left . Ramírez to second on fielder 's indifference . Ramírez to third on fielder 's indifference . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 11 - Indians 4 .	Blue Jays keep Kluber winless after beating Indians 11 - 4