Orioles - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Machado doubled to deep left . Snider singled to shallow right , Machado to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Machado scored , Snider out at second . Young grounded into double play , second to first , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Reyes doubled to right . Donaldson walked . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Donaldson out at second , Reyes to third . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to left , Reyes scored . Colabello grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Davis grounded out to second . Reimold struck out looking . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Martin hit by pitch . Navarro singled to right , Martin to third . Martin scored , Navarro to second on wild pitch by Gausman . Pillar reached on infield single to third , Navarro to third . Goins popped out to third . Reyes fouled out to catcher . Donaldson popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty reached on bunt single to second . Flaherty to second on passed ball by Martin . Joseph grounded out to third . Machado struck out looking . Snider fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Bautista grounded out to third . Encarnación fouled out to first . Colabello struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Jones struck out looking . Young grounded out to third . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Navarro popped out to second . Pillar lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Goins popped out to third . Reyes flied out to center . Donaldson reached on infield single to second . Bautista fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Joseph flied out to center . Machado singled to shallow left . Snider hit ground rule double to left , Machado to third . Jones intentionally walked . Young hit sacrifice fly to left , Machado scored . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Roe pitching for Orioles . Encarnación flied out to left . Colabello struck out swinging . Martin doubled to deep left . Navarro intentionally walked . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Carrera in left field . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Reimold singled to left . Hardy flied out to right , Reimold to second . Flaherty grounded out to first , Reimold to third . Joseph grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Goins grounded out to second . Reyes flied out to center . Donaldson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Machado struck out swinging . Snider singled to left . Lough ran for Snider . Jones struck out swinging . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Lough in center field . Reimold in left field . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Bautista singled to center . Encarnación singled to center , Bautista to third . Carrera walked , Encarnación to second . Martin struck out swinging . Navarro struck out swinging . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Davis singled to right . Reimold struck out looking . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis out at second . Flaherty hit by pitch , Hardy to second . Joseph singled to center , Hardy scored , Flaherty to third , Joseph to second advancing on throw . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Machado doubled to left , Flaherty and Joseph scored . Lough grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Parmelee in right field . Britton pitching for Orioles . Valencia hit for Goins . Valencia reached on infield single to shortstop . Reyes reached on infield single to second , Valencia to second . Donaldson grounded out to third , Valencia to third , Reyes to second . Bautista singled to center , Valencia scored , Reyes to third . Encarnación grounded into double play , second to first , Bautista out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 3 .	Joseph hits go - ahead single in 9th , Orioles beat Blue Jays