Rangers - Top 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Choo grounded out to second . Odor singled to left . Fielder fouled out to third . Odor stole second , Odor safe at third on error by second baseman Travis . Beltré struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Reyes grounded out to second . Donaldson lined out to center . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus reached on infield single to second . Andrus stole second . Gallo walked . Martín grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gallo out at second , Andrus to third . Martín stole second . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Encarnación struck out looking . Navarro grounded out to second . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Choo struck out swinging . Odor flied out to left . Fielder walked . Beltré struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Carrera grounded out to second . Pillar lined out to center . Travis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland flied out to left . Andrus struck out swinging . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Reyes lined out to third . Donaldson homered to left ( 382 feet ) . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnación walked . Navarro walked , Encarnación to second . Martin flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Martín struck out swinging . Chirinos popped out to shortstop . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Carrera walked . Pillar flied out to center . Travis doubled to left , Carrera scored . Reyes singled to center , Travis scored . Donaldson singled to center , Reyes thrown out at third , Donaldson to second advancing on throw . Bautista walked . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Donaldson out at third , Bautista to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Odor grounded out to pitcher . Fielder singled to left . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fielder safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Travis . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltré out at second , Fielder to third . Andrus singled to center , Fielder scored , Moreland to second . Gallo walked , Moreland to third , Andrus to second . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Martín struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Navarro grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Chirinos struck out swinging . Choo singled to left . Odor singled to right , Choo to second . Fielder reached on infield single to second , Choo to third , Odor to second . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo scored , Fielder out at second , Odor to third . Moreland grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Patton pitching for Rangers . Pillar bunt grounded out to pitcher . Travis flied out to center . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus doubled to shallow left . Gallo grounded out to pitcher , Andrus to third . Martín struck out swinging . Chirinos walked . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Donaldson lined out to center . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Smoak at first base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Odor doubled to deep right center . Fielder lined out to left . Beltré flied out to center , Odor to third . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Donaldson homers , Blue Jays beat Rangers 3 - 2