Red Sox - Top 1st . Boyd pitching for Blue Jays . Betts singled to left . Holt singled to right , Betts to second . Bogaerts singled to center , Betts scored , Holt to second . Ortiz homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Holt and Bogaerts scored . Ramírez homered to left ( 437 feet ) . Sandoval singled to right . Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Boyd . Napoli walked . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . De Aza tripled to deep center , Sandoval and Napoli scored . Hanigan lined out to second . Betts singled to left , De Aza scored . Betts stole second . Holt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betts out at third . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to catcher . Bautista walked . Encarnación flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz popped out to third . Ramírez flied out to right . Sandoval lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Colabello singled to center . Martin walked , Colabello to second . Valencia lined out to center . Pillar singled to right , Colabello to third , Martin to second . Travis singled to right , Colabello scored , Martin to third , Pillar to second . Reyes popped out to first . Donaldson walked , Martin scored , Pillar to third , Travis to second . Bautista singled to left , Pillar and Travis scored , Donaldson to second . Encarnación walked , Donaldson to third , Bautista to second . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Encarnación out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli grounded out to first . De Aza flied out to left . Hanigan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Martin popped out to first . Valencia grounded out to third . Pillar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Betts struck out swinging . Holt reached on infield single to pitcher . Bogaerts singled to center , Holt to second . Holt stole third . Ortiz walked , Bogaerts to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Travis singled to center . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Travis safe at second on error by shortstop Bogaerts . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second , Travis to third . Bautista walked . Encarnación walked , Bautista to second . Colabello struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 5th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Napoli grounded out to third . De Aza struck out swinging . Hanigan safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Betts lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Martin grounded out to third . Valencia walked . Pillar singled to left , Valencia to second . Travis singled to center , Valencia thrown out at home , Pillar to second . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Holt struck out swinging . Bogaerts singled to left . Ortiz grounded out to second , Bogaerts to second . Ramírez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson flied out to right . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnación walked . Colabello struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Sandoval singled to deep right . Napoli struck out looking . Sandoval to second on wild pitch by Delabar . Sandoval to third on wild pitch by Delabar . De Aza doubles to right , Sandoval scored . De Aza to third on wild pitch by Delabar . Hanigan walked . Betts singled to shallow right , De Aza scored , Hanigan to second . Holt grounded out to pitcher , Hanigan to third , Betts to second . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts reached on infield single to third , Hanigan scored , Betts to third . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Ogando pitching for Red Sox . Martin struck out looking . Valencia singled to left center . Pillar singled to center , Valencia to second . Travis lined out to center . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . Sandoval grounded out to second . Napoli doubled to right . De Aza singles to right , Napoli scored . Hanigan flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bradley Jr. in right field . De Aza in left field . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson singled to left . Bautista singled to left center , Donaldson to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Colabello grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Betts grounded out to first . Holt singled to right . Bogaerts flied out to center . Ortiz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Marrero at shortstop . Breslow pitching for Red Sox . Martin homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Valencia homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Pillar doubled to deep center . Travis lined out to center , Pillar to third . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 12 - Blue Jays 6 .	Red Sox use 8 - run first to beat Jays 12 - 6