Blue Jays - Top 1st . Price pitching for Tigers . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson struck out looking . Bautista walked . Encarnación grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler hit by pitch . Céspedes doubled to left , Kinsler to third . Martínez grounded out to first , Kinsler scored , Céspedes to third . J.D. Martinez homered to left center ( 400 feet ) , Céspedes scored . Avila grounded out to second . Castellanos doubled to deep left center . McCann tripled to right , Castellanos scored . Wilson hit by pitch . Gose grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Price pitching for Tigers . Valencia struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . Colabello singled to center . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler singled to center . Céspedes lined out to center . Kinsler caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Martínez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Price pitching for Tigers . Travis flied out to center . Reyes doubled to center . Donaldson flied out to center , Reyes to third . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . J.D. Martinez walked . Avila singled to center , J.D. Martinez to third . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , J.D. Martinez out at home , Avila to second . McCann grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Price pitching for Tigers . Encarnación singled to left . Valencia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnación out at second . Martin fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson singled to center . Wilson to second on passed ball by Martin . Gose singled to right , Wilson to third . Kinsler struck out swinging . Wilson out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Gose to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Céspedes singled to left , Gose scored . Martínez singled to left , Céspedes to third . J.D. Martinez flied out to center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Price pitching for Tigers . Colabello struck out swinging . Pillar homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Travis singled to center . Travis picked off first . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Donaldson popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Avila walked . Castellanos flied out to center . McCann grounded into double play , third to second to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Price pitching for Tigers . Bautista doubled to left . Encarnación grounded out to third . Valencia flied out to center . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson flied out to right . Gose flied out to center . Kinsler singled to left center . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Céspedes lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Price pitching for Tigers . Colabello struck out swinging . Pillar struck out swinging . Travis singled to left . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Travis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Martínez grounded out to second . J.D. Martinez struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista lined out to center . Encarnación grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Castellanos walked . Iglesias ran for Castellanos . McCann struck out looking . Wilson hit by pitch , Iglesias to second . Gose safe at first on error by first baseman Colabello , Iglesias to third , Wilson to second . Iglesias scored , Wilson to third , Gose to second on wild pitch by Delabar . Kinsler singled to left , Wilson and Gose scored . Céspedes singled to left center , Kinsler to second . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Céspedes out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Iglesias at shortstop . Wilson at third base . Ferrell pitching for Tigers . Valencia singled to center . Valencia to second on fielder 's indifference . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Colabello homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Valencia scored . Pillar popped out to shortstop . Travis safe at first on error by third baseman Wilson , Travis to second on throwing error by third baseman Wilson . Reyes grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Tigers 8 .	Martinez homers to back Price as Tigers beat Blue Jays 8 - 3