Blue Jays - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton walked . Abreu singled to right , Eaton to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Eaton scored . García reached on infield single to shortstop , Abreu to second . LaRoche doubled to right , Abreu and García scored , LaRoche out stretching at third . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Encarnación walked . Colabello grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnación out at second . Valencia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham struck out swinging . Flowers reached on infield single to pitcher . Sánchez lined out to center . Flowers caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Eaton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Navarro singled to left . Pillar singled to right center , Navarro to second . Travis reached on infield single to first , Navarro to third , Pillar to second . Reyes singled to center , Navarro and Pillar scored , Travis to third . Donaldson doubled to deep center , Travis scored , Reyes to third . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to left , Reyes scored , Donaldson to third . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton popped out to third . Abreu doubled to center . Cabrera walked . García singled to right center , Abreu scored , Cabrera to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Valencia struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to left . Pillar lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham struck out swinging . Flowers struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Travis hit ground rule double to deep center . Reyes lined out to center . Donaldson doubled to deep right , Travis scored . Bautista singled to center , Donaldson scored , Bautista to second advancing on throw . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Encarnación struck out swinging . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton hit by pitch . Abreu struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left , Eaton to second . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Valencia singled to left . Navarro flied out to center . Pillar reached on infield single to third , Valencia to second . Valencia to third , Pillar to second on wild pitch by Carroll . Travis walked . Reyes fouled out to third . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . LaRoche singled to right . Ramírez singled to right , LaRoche to second . Beckham fouled out to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to left , LaRoche scored , Ramírez to third , Sánchez to second advancing on throw . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop , Ramírez scored , Sánchez to third . Abreu flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación hit by pitch . Colabello struck out swinging . Encarnación caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Carrera in left field . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera struck out swinging . García doubled to left . LaRoche struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Valencia struck out looking . Navarro struck out looking . Pillar walked . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pillar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham grounded out to second . Flowers singled to center . Bonifacio ran for Flowers . Sánchez singled to right , Bonifacio to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sánchez out at second , Bonifacio to third . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Soto catching . Duke pitching for White Sox . Reyes grounded out to third . Donaldson walked . Bautista lined into double play , pitcher to first , Donaldson out at first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera flied out to center . García singled to right , García out stretching at second . LaRoche walked . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Encarnación struck out swinging . Carrera grounded out to shortstop . Valencia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Delabar pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham struck out swinging . Soto flied out to left . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 11th . Putnam pitching for White Sox . Navarro walked . Goins ran for Navarro . Pillar sacrificed to pitcher , Goins to second . Travis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goins out at third . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Martin catching . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton homered to right ( 398 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - White Sox 7 .	Eaton 's walkoff home run lifts White Sox over Blue Jays 7 - 6