Blue Jays - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Reyes struck out swinging . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista singled to right , Donaldson to second . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bautista out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Burns reached on infield single to shortstop . Vogt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burns out at second . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Colabello grounded out to third . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Butler fouled out to first . Smolinski singled to center . Lawrie walked , Smolinski to second . Phegley struck out looking . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lawrie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Valencia struck out swinging . Travis walked . Reyes singled to right , Travis to third . Donaldson singled to right , Travis scored , Reyes to second . Bautista flied out to center , Reyes to third . Encarnación grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Semien singled to right . Burns lined out to left . Semien stole second . Vogt grounded out to third . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Colabello lined out to right . Martin singled to left . Pillar singled to right , Martin to second . Valencia reached on infield single to third , Martin to third , Pillar to second . Travis lined into double play , second to first , Valencia doubled off first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Butler flied out to left . Smolinski safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Lawrie flied out to center , Smolinski to third . Phegley singled to center , Smolinski scored . Canha lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Reyes grounded out to first . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Doubront pitching for Blue Jays . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Burns singled to center . Burns stole second . Oakland 's Manager Melvin ejected by Wendelstedt in the 5th . Vogt singled to center , Burns scored . Zobrist doubled to right , Vogt to third . Butler intentionally walked . Smolinski hit sacrifice fly to center , Vogt scored , Zobrist to third . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Lawrie lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Encarnación lined out to pitcher . Colabello struck out swinging . Martin singled to center . Pillar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Phegley fouled out to catcher . Canha struck out looking . Semien lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Valencia homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Travis flied out to right . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson walked . Bautista flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Burns grounded out to first . Vogt safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Zobrist walked . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Fuld in left field . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Encarnación singled to left . Colabello grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Encarnación out at second . Martin singled to right . Carrera ran for Martin . Carrera to second on wild pitch by Mujica . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Navarro catching . Carrera in left field . Valencia at first base . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Smolinski struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to second . Phegley singled to left . Fuld struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Clippard pitching for Athletics . Valencia walked . Travis doubled to deep right center , Valencia to third . Reyes walked . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista walked , Valencia scored , Travis to third , Reyes to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Semien struck out swinging . Burns walked . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Burns caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Vogt singled to left center . Zobrist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Reddick in right field . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Carrera struck out swinging . Pillar bunt grounded out to third . Valencia fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Butler struck out swinging . Reddick doubled to left . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop , Reddick to third . Davis hit for Phegley . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Reddick scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Athletics 4 .	Davis beats out infield single in 10th as A 's top Blue Jays