Blue Jays - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Mariners . Reyes grounded out to third . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson singled to left . Seager singled to right , Jackson to second . Cruz singled to center , Jackson to third , Seager to second . Canó struck out looking . Smith hit sacrifice fly to center , Jackson scored . Trumbo walked , Seager to third , Cruz to second . Morrison grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Mariners . Encarnación grounded out to third . Colabello walked . Martin walked , Colabello to second . Valencia singled to left , Colabello scored , Martin to second . Pillar hit by pitch , Martin to third , Valencia to second . Travis walked , Martin scored , Valencia to third , Pillar to second . Reyes struck out swinging . Donaldson walked , Valencia scored , Pillar to third , Travis to second . Nuño pitching for Mariners . Bautista struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Taylor struck out swinging . Sucre homered to left center ( 392 feet ) . Jackson struck out swinging . Seager walked . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Encarnación struck out looking . Colabello grounded out to pitcher . Martin bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Canó safe at first on error by second baseman Travis . Smith singled to right , Canó to second . Trumbo flied out to right , Canó to third . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Canó scored , Smith out at second . Morrison stole second . Taylor fouled out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Valencia popped out to second . Pillar walked . Travis singled to left , Pillar to second . Reyes lined into double play , left to second , Pillar doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays . Sucre grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to third . Seager singled to center . Cruz hit by pitch , Seager to second . Canó homered to left ( 349 feet ) , Seager and Cruz scored . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Donaldson doubled to deep left . Bautista lined out to right . Encarnación walked . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Encarnación out at second , Donaldson to third . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo grounded out to third . Morrison struck out swinging . Taylor lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Valencia fouled out to first . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . Travis doubled to left , Travis to third on throwing error by left fielder Smith . Reyes doubled to deep right , Travis scored . Donaldson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Sucre struck out looking . Jackson lined out to left . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Bautista flied out to center . Encarnación lined out to third . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz singled to left . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cruz out at second . Gutiérrez hit for Smith . Gutiérrez lined out to shortstop . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Gutiérrez in right field . Ackley in left field . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Martin walked . Carrera hit for Valencia . Carrera homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Martin scored . Pillar grounded out to third . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Carrera in left field . Sánchez pitching for Blue Jays . Morrison lined out to left . Taylor reached on infield single to third . Sucre grounded out to pitcher , Taylor to second . Jackson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Mariners . Donaldson walked . Bautista doubled to deep right , Donaldson to third . Encarnación intentionally walked . Colabello singled to center , Donaldson and Bautista scored , Encarnación to second . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Martin grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Colabello out at second , Encarnación to third . Carrera struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Smoak at first base . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Seager flied out to center . Cruz lined out to center . Canó walked . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Mariners 6 .	Colabello 's 2 - run single lifts Blue Jays over Seattle , 8 - 6