Phillies - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Galvis grounded out to pitcher . Franco popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Howard struck out looking . Francoeur doubled to left center . Brown popped out to second . Ruiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Colabello singled to center . Martin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Colabello out at second . Valencia singled to center . Carrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Valencia to second . Pillar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Ruf struck out swinging . Blanco singled to shallow center . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at second . Galvis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Goins singled to right . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 460 feet ) , Goins scored . Donaldson singled to shallow right . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Donaldson safe at second on error by shortstop Galvis . Colabello grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at second , Donaldson to third . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Colabello out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Franco walked . Howard flied out to center . Francoeur flied out to right . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Valencia singled to shallow left center . Carrera sacrificed to pitcher , Valencia to second . Pillar grounded out to third . Goins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . Ruf grounded out to second . Blanco fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Tulowitzki doubled to left center . Donaldson flied out to right , Tulowitzki to third . Bautista singled to left , Tulowitzki scored . Colabello grounded out to second , Bautista to second . Martin doubled to deep right , Bautista scored . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Valencia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Revere lined out to shortstop . Galvis flied out to center . Franco singled to left . Howard flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Carrera singled to right . Pillar hit sacrifice fly to right , Carrera scored . Goins walked . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center , Goins scored . Donaldson singled to shallow right , Tulowitzki to third , Donaldson to second advancing on throw . Bautista reached on infield single to third . Colabello hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored , Donaldson to third . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bautista out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Francoeur singled to center . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . Brown to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Ruiz flied out to right . Ruf struck out swinging . Brown scored , Ruf to first on throwing error by catcher Martin . Blanco flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Valencia struck out swinging . Carrera grounded out to first . Pillar singled to center . Goins doubled to left center , Pillar scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Revere singled to right . Galvis singled to right , Revere to second . Franco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Galvis out at second , Revere to third . Howard singled to right , Revere scored . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista flied out to left . Colabello struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Smoak at first base . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Brown lined out to third . Ruiz grounded out to third . Ruf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Blue Jays 8 .	Tulowitzki clubs homer , 2 doubles in Jays debut