Blue Jays - Top 1st . Heaney pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki lined out to right . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun flied out to right . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Encarnación doubled to deep left center . Colabello lined out to right , Encarnación out at third . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy grounded out to first . Aybar singled to left . Cron flied out to center . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pérez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop . Revere singled to left , Pillar to second . Pennington sacrificed to pitcher , Pillar to third , Revere to second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Donaldson homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Pillar and Revere scored . Bautista singled to right . Encarnación struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out swinging . Cowart popped out to second . Green grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Heaney pitching for Angels . Colabello singled to right . Navarro walked , Colabello to second . Pillar singled to left , Colabello to third , Navarro to second . Revere walked , Colabello scored , Navarro to third , Pillar to second . Pennington hit sacrifice fly to left , Navarro scored . Tulowitzki walked , Pillar to third , Revere to second . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Donaldson singled to right , Pillar and Revere scored , Tulowitzki to second . Tulowitzki to third , Donaldson to second on passed ball by Pérez . Bautista tripled to deep right center , Tulowitzki and Donaldson scored . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to center , Bautista scored . Colabello singled to left center . Navarro singled to left , Colabello to second . Pillar flied out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun flied out to right . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left . Murphy doubled to deep center , Pujols scored . Aybar popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Revere singled to right . Pennington walked , Revere to second . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pennington out at second , Revere to third . Donaldson doubled to left , Revere scored . Bautista struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Cron homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Pérez flied out to right . Cowart homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Green lined out to center . Calhoun lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Gott pitching for Angels . Encarnación popped out to second . Colabello grounded out to second . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Estrada pitching for Blue Jays . Trout grounded out to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar reached on infield single to third , Murphy to second , Murphy to third , Aybar to second on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson . Cron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Angels . Pillar lined out to shortstop . Revere lined out to shortstop . Pennington grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hawkins pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez grounded out to pitcher . Cowart struck out swinging . Green grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . DeJesus in right field . Victorino in center field . Iannetta at first base . Jackson at shortstop . Salas pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista singled to left , Donaldson to second . Encarnación doubled to deep left , Donaldson and Bautista scored . Colabello homered to center ( 396 feet ) , Encarnación scored . Navarro singled to center . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Navarro out at second . Revere grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Carrera in right field . Goins at second base . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . DeJesus lined out to second . Iannetta reached on infield single to shortstop . Victorino popped out to second . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Street pitching for Angels . Pennington struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Goins singled to center . Carrera singled to left , Goins to second . Hague hit for Encarnación . Hague struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Jackson grounded out to second . Cron grounded out to third . Pérez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 15 - Angels 3 .	Josh Donaldson has 6 RBIs in Blue Jays ' 15 - 3 rout of Angels