Blue Jays - Top 1st . Richards pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki fouled out to first . Donaldson doubled to left . Bautista singled to left , Donaldson to third . Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to left , Donaldson scored . Smoak struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun hit by pitch . Trout tripled to deep right , Calhoun scored . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center , Trout scored . Murphy singled to right . Aybar singled to left center , Murphy to second . Cron singled to right , Murphy scored , Aybar to third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right , Aybar scored , Cron to second . Cowart doubled to deep right center , Cron scored . Green reached on infield single to shortstop , Cowart to third . Calhoun flied out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Richards pitching for Angels . Pillar singled to center . Revere singled to center , Pillar to second . Thole struck out swinging . Goins walked , Pillar to third , Revere to second . Tulowitzki safe at first on error by third baseman Cowart , Pillar and Revere scored , Goins to second . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Trout singled to center . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Trout out at second . Murphy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Richards pitching for Angels . Bautista doubled to shallow left . Encarnación singled to center , Bautista scored . Smoak struck out swinging , Encarnación to second on wild pitch by Richards . Pillar singled to center , Encarnación to third . Revere reached on infield single to second , Encarnación scored , Pillar to second . Thole struck out swinging . Goins safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar , Pillar scored , Revere to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to second . Cron doubled to right center . Pérez flied out to center . Cowart grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista homered to left center ( 438 feet ) . Encarnación homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Smoak grounded out to shortstop . Pillar grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Green flied out to right . Calhoun singled to shallow center . Trout singled to right , Calhoun to second . Pujols grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Revere grounded out to second . Thole flied out to right . Goins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy singled to deep right center , Murphy out stretching at second . Aybar flied out to left . Cron flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Richards pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki walked . Donaldson walked , Tulowitzki to second . Gott pitching for Angels . Bautista popped out to second . Encarnación singled to right , Tulowitzki to third , Donaldson to second . Smoak hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Pillar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out looking . Cowart walked . Green grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cowart out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Revere struck out swinging . Navarro hit for Thole . Navarro flied out to left . Goins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Navarro catching . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun fouled out to third . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols singled to deep left . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Angels . Tulowitzki singled to center . Donaldson singled to left , Tulowitzki to second . Bautista walked , Tulowitzki to third , Donaldson to second . Encarnación singled to shallow left , Tulowitzki scored , Donaldson to third , Bautista to second . Smoak flied out to left . Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop , Donaldson scored , Bautista to third , Encarnación to second . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at home , Encarnación to third , Pillar to second . Navarro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to first . Cron grounded out to pitcher . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Street pitching for Angels . Goins hit ground rule double to deep right . Tulowitzki singled to right , Goins to third . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goins scored , Tulowitzki out at second . Bautista grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Cowart struck out swinging . Green struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 12 - Angels 5 .	Blue Jays cap sweep of Angels with 12 - 5 win