Royals - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar reached on bunt single to third . Zobrist homered to right ( 416 feet ) , Escobar scored . Cain walked . Cain stole second . Hosmer singled to center , Cain to third . Cain scored , Hosmer to second on passed ball by Martin . Morales grounded out to second , Hosmer to third . Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to center , Hosmer scored . Pérez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Royals . Revere struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Bautista struck out looking . Donaldson stole second . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Rios homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Escobar hit by pitch . Zobrist grounded out to first , Escobar to second . Cain walked . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar picked off second . Hosmer batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Royals . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Morales grounded out to first . Moustakas fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Royals . Pillar popped out to shortstop . Goins singled to left center . Revere walked , Goins to second . Donaldson hit ground rule double to deep left , Goins scored , Revere to third . Bautista grounded out to second , Revere scored , Donaldson to third . Encarnación lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez lined out to right . Gordon flied out to left . Rios singled to center . Rios caught stealing second , catcher to second . Escobar batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Young pitching for Royals . Colabello lined out to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Escobar grounded out to second . Zobrist grounded out to second . Cain struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Young pitching for Royals . Pillar struck out swinging . Goins flied out to left . Revere singled to shallow center . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Donaldson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer struck out swinging . Morales fouled out to third . Moustakas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Bautista singled to center . Encarnación grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez walked . Gordon singled to center , Pérez to second . Rios singled to center , Pérez to third , Gordon to second . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Orlando ran for Rios . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Pérez scored , Gordon to third , Orlando to second . Gordon scored , Orlando to third on wild pitch by Tepera . Zobrist walked . Cain singled to shallow left , Orlando scored , Zobrist to third . Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to center , Zobrist scored . Morales flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Orlando in right field . Madson pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki singled to right . Martin struck out swinging . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tulowitzki out at second . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Tepera pitching for Blue Jays . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Pérez doubled to left . Gordon walked . Orlando singled to right , Pérez to third , Gordon to second . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Pérez scored . Zobrist reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon to third , Orlando to second . Cain singled to center , Gordon and Orlando scored , Zobrist to second . Lowe pitching for Blue Jays . Hosmer struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Dyson in center field . Butera catching . Herrera pitching for Royals . Revere singled to center . Donaldson popped out to third . Bautista struck out swinging . Revere to second on fielder 's indifference . Encarnación flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Blue Jays . Morales singled to center . Moustakas struck out swinging . Butera grounded out to third , Morales to second . Gordon hit by pitch . Pennington pitching for Blue Jays . Orlando singled to right , Morales to third , Gordon to second . Escobar singled to right , Morales and Gordon scored , Orlando to third . Zobrist fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Morales pitching for Royals . Colabello grounded out to shortstop . Pompey hit for Tulowitzki . Pompey singled to left . Carrera hit for Martin . Carrera grounded out to second , Pompey to second . Pillar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 14 - Blue Jays 2 .	Royals tighten grip on ALCS with 14 - run outburst