White Sox - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton singled to left. Rollins singled to right, Eaton to third, Rollins to second advancing on throw. Abreu grounded out to shortstop, Eaton scored. Frazier walked. Cabrera lined out to first. Lawrie grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Carrera grounded out to first. Donaldson doubled to deep right. Bautista walked. Encarnación doubled to deep center, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Saunders struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. García grounded out to second. Navarro struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Goins grounded out to first. Barney struck out swinging. Thole singled to center. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton struck out swinging. Rollins grounded out to second. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista doubled to deep center. Encarnación singled to center, Bautista scored. Tulowitzki singled to right, Encarnación thrown out at third. Saunders homered to center (426 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Goins grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier singled to center. Cabrera lined out to second. Lawrie struck out looking. Frazier caught stealing second, pitcher to second. García batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Barney flied out to right. Thole singled to right. Carrera singled to center, Thole to second. Donaldson struck out swinging. Thole to third, Carrera to second on wild pitch by González. Bautista walked. Encarnación lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. García doubled to left. Navarro flied out to center. Jackson flied out to right, García to third. Eaton lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to pitcher. Saunders popped out to third. Goins flied out to center. Barney flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. Abreu lined out to right. Frazier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Thole struck out swinging. Carrera reached on infield single to second. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Donaldson flied out to center. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to right. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. García singled to right, Lawrie to second. Navarro grounded out to pitcher, Lawrie to third, García to second. Jackson walked. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton singled to center, Lawrie and García scored, Jackson to second. Rollins singled to left, Jackson scored, Eaton to second. Abreu walked, Eaton to third, Rollins to second. Floyd pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier doubled to left, Eaton and Rollins scored, Abreu to third. Cabrera walked. Lawrie struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Encarnación struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Saunders singled to right. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saunders out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Floyd pitching for Blue Jays. García struck out swinging. Navarro doubled to deep center. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Venditte pitching for Blue Jays. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Barney struck out looking. Thole lined out to center. Carrera bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Venditte pitching for Blue Jays. Rollins doubled to deep right. Abreu walked, Rollins stole third. Abreu batting. Chavez pitching for Blue Jays. Frazier hit sacrifice fly to center, Rollins scored, Abreu to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Donaldson flied out to center. Bautista doubled to deep right center. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki walked. Saunders reached on infield single to second, Tulowitzki hit by batted ball out at second, Bautista to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Blue Jays 5.	Frazier drives in go-ahead run, White Sox beat Blue Jays 7-5