Twins - Top 1st. Latos pitching for White Sox. Santana popped out to second. Núñez grounded out to pitcher. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Eaton grounded out to second. Jackson walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Jackson and Frazier scored. Lawrie struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Sanó struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to third. Park singled to left. Park to second on wild pitch by Latos. Arcia walked. Suzuki singled to right, Park scored, Arcia to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. García singled to left. Navarro grounded out to second, García to second. Saladino singled to right, García to third. Eaton singled to left center, García scored, Saladino to second, Saladino scored advancing on throw. Eaton out stretching at second. Jackson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Santana walked. Santana caught stealing second, catcher to second. Núñez lined out to right. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Santana at second base. Núñez at shortstop. Rosario in center field. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Abreu homered to left center (407 feet). Frazier struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Lawrie struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Sanó struck out swinging. Plouffe bunt grounded out to pitcher. Park singled to left center. Arcia homered to left center (398 feet), Park scored. Suzuki singled to center. Rosario reached on infield single to second, Suzuki to second. Santana struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Twins. García grounded out to third. Navarro struck out swinging. Saladino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Núñez doubled to deep center. Mauer flied out to left, Núñez to third. Sanó hit sacrifice fly to right, Núñez scored. Plouffe flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Eaton tripled to right. Jackson reached on infield single to first. Abreu grounded out to third, Jackson to second. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eaton out at home, Jackson to third advancing on throw. Cabrera singled to left center, Jackson scored, Frazier to second. Lawrie singled to left, Frazier scored, Cabrera to second. García walked, Cabrera to third, Lawrie to second. Navarro grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Park flied out to center. Arcia walked. Suzuki bunt popped out foul to catcher. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Saladino flied out to right. Eaton lined out to center. Jackson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Núñez struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Abreu flied out to center. Frazier grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to center. Lawrie singled to left, Cabrera to second. Abad pitching for Twins. García walked, Cabrera to third, Lawrie to second. Navarro reached on infield single to pitcher, Cabrera scored, Lawrie to third, García to second. Saladino singled to center, Lawrie and García scored, Navarro to second. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Navarro out at third, Saladino to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Sanó grounded out to third. Plouffe grounded out to third. Park hit by pitch. Park stole second. Arcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. May pitching for Twins. Jackson struck out swinging. Abreu hit by pitch. Frazier popped out to third. Cabrera singled to left, Abreu to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Suzuki hit by pitch. Rosario lined into double play, to first, Suzuki doubled off first. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - White Sox 10.	Cabrera, Abreu guide White Sox over Twins 10-4 for 20th win