White Sox - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Eaton grounded out to second. Jackson flied out to right. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Latos pitching for White Sox. Odor grounded out to third. Desmond flied out to right. Mazara singled to right, Mazara out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to second. Lawrie struck out looking. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Beltré flied out to right. Fielder walked. Moreland flied out to center. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Navarro reached on infield single to pitcher, Navarro to second on throwing error by pitcher Hamels. Navarro to third on passed ball by Wilson. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Jackson singled to center, Navarro scored. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jackson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Latos pitching for White Sox. Rua singled to left. Wilson singled to center, Rua to second. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilson out at second, Rua to third. Odor stole second. Desmond singled to right, Rua scored, Odor to third, Desmond to second advancing on throw. Mazara hit sacrifice fly to center, Odor scored, Desmond to third. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Frazier homered to left (390 feet). Cabrera singled to left center. Lawrie homered to left center (405 feet), Cabrera scored. García grounded out to third. Navarro doubled to left. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Sánchez at third base. Latos pitching for White Sox. Fielder doubled to center. Moreland walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moreland out at second, Fielder to third. Rua popped out to first. Andrus stole second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Jackson struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Odor flied out to right. Desmond walked. Desmond stole second. Mazara walked. Beltré flied out to center, Desmond to third. Fielder doubled to shallow left, Desmond and Mazara scored. Moreland intentionally walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at third, Moreland to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to left. Lawrie struck out swinging. García safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré, Cabrera to second. Navarro struck out swinging. Saladino singled to center, Cabrera scored, García to third. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Eaton hit by pitch, Saladino to second. Jackson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Latos pitching for White Sox. Rua singled to center. Rua stole second. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Rua to third. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Stubbs ran for Rua. Odor popped out to second. Desmond singled to left center, Stubbs scored. Mazara singled to center, Desmond to second. Beltré singled to center, Desmond scored, Mazara to third. Fielder flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Desmond in left field. Stubbs in center field. Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers. Abreu singled to right center. Sánchez grounded out to first, Abreu to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Abreu to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. García struck out looking. Navarro flied out to center. Saladino singled to center. Eaton walked, Saladino to second. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Wilson lined out to left. Odor grounded out to third. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Abreu hit by pitch. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 5 - Rangers 6.	Beltre makes up for rare error, Rangers beat White Sox 6-5