Royals - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cain lined out to first. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Gee pitching for Royals. Eaton flied out to center. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. Frazier popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Morales struck out swinging. Pérez singled to left. Gordon grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gee pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to shallow left. Lawrie hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. García grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lawrie out at second, Cabrera to third. Avila walked, García to second. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Saladino flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert flied out to left. Infante flied out to center. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Gee pitching for Royals. Eaton grounded out to first. Abreu struck out swinging. Frazier safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer. Cabrera singled to center, Frazier to second. Lawrie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cain fouled out to first. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Gee pitching for Royals. García struck out looking. Avila struck out looking. Jackson singled to center. Saladino singled to right, Jackson to third. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Saladino out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Morales lined out to right. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Gee pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to third. Frazier fouled out to first. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop. Infante doubled to left. Orlando doubled to right, Infante scored. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Cain doubled to deep left, Orlando scored, Escobar to third. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at third. Morales singled to left, Cain scored, Hosmer to second. Pérez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. García struck out looking. Avila walked. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Gordon singled to right. Cuthbert singled to left, Gordon to second. Infante sacrificed to first, Gordon to third, Cuthbert to second. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Orlando singled to right, Gordon scored, Cuthbert to third. Escobar reached on infield single to catcher, Orlando to second. Cain lined into double play, to first, Escobar doubled off first. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Soria pitching for Royals. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Abreu walked, Eaton to second. Frazier lined into double play, shortstop to second, Eaton doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Hosmer flied out to left. Morales struck out swinging. Purke pitching for White Sox. Pérez singled to shallow right. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to left. Lawrie struck out looking. García grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Purke pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu. Infante lined out to right. Orlando singled to left, Cuthbert to second. Escobar grounded out to pitcher, Cuthbert to third, Orlando to second. Cain lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Davis pitching for Royals. Avila grounded out to first. Sánchez hit for Jackson. Sánchez singled to center. Saladino lined out to shortstop. Sánchez to second on fielder's indifference. Sánchez to third on wild pitch by Davis. Eaton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - White Sox 1.	Royals get to Quintana late, beat slumping White Sox 4-1