Nationals - Top 1st. Shields pitching for White Sox. Revere struck out looking. Werth walked. Harper reached on bunt single to third, Werth to second. Werth to third, Harper to second on wild pitch by Shields. Murphy singled to right, Werth scored, Harper to third. Ramos grounded out to third, Harper scored, Murphy to second. Zimmerman homered to left (396 feet), Murphy scored. Rendon flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Eaton struck out swinging. Jackson lined out to second. Abreu popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Drew homered to right (361 feet). Espinosa homered to right (391 feet). Revere singled to center. Werth singled to left, Revere to second. Harper struck out looking. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Werth out at second, Revere to third. Ramos walked, Murphy to second. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Frazier grounded out to third. Cabrera fouled out to catcher. Rollins popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for White Sox. Rendon singled to left. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Drew singled to center, Rendon to second. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second, Rendon to third. Revere singled to center, Rendon scored, Espinosa to second. Werth flied out to left. Harper flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Lawrie struck out swinging. Avila flied out to left. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Murphy walked. Ramos grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. Zimmerman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Eaton doubled to deep left. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Rendon struck out swinging. Drew lined out to shortstop. Espinosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right. Rollins walked, Cabrera to second. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at third, Rollins to second. Avila struck out swinging. García singled to right, Rollins thrown out at home, Lawrie to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Werth singled to left. Harper doubled to left, Werth to third. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Eaton grounded out to first. Jackson popped out to second. Abreu singled to right. Frazier fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Zimmerman fouled out to right. Rendon grounded out to third. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to left. Rollins fouled out to catcher. Lawrie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Espinosa singled to shallow right. Revere singled to left, Espinosa to second. Werth homered to left (373 feet), Espinosa and Revere scored. Harper singled to right. Murphy struck out swinging. Albers pitching for White Sox. Ramos singled to left, Harper to second. Harper to third, Ramos to second on wild pitch by Albers. Zimmerman walked. Rendon popped out to first. Drew grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Rivero pitching for Nationals. García struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Shuck pitching for White Sox. Espinosa doubled to shallow left. Revere grounded out to shortstop, Espinosa to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop, Espinosa scored. Harper grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Kelley pitching for Nationals. Abreu doubled to right. Frazier struck out looking. Cabrera doubled to right, Abreu scored. Rollins walked. Lawrie struck out swinging. Pérez pitching for Nationals. Cabrera to third, Rollins to second on wild pitch by Pérez. Avila hit by pitch. García singled to shallow right center, Cabrera and Rollins scored, Avila to second. Eaton singled to left, Avila scored, García to second. Jackson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 11 - White Sox 4.	Zimmerman, Nats shell Shields in ChiSox debut