Braves - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. Beckham struck out looking. Freeman homered to left center (377 feet). Markakis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Wisler pitching for Braves. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton walked. Abreu singled to left, Eaton to third. Cabrera singled to left center, Eaton scored, Abreu to second. Frazier popped out to shortstop. Lawrie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Francoeur grounded out to third. García singled to center. Flowers homered to center (447 feet), García scored. Aybar grounded out to third. Inciarte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wisler pitching for Braves. Navarro grounded out to second. Sánchez doubled to deep center, Sánchez to third on throwing error by center fielder Inciarte. Shuck doubled to right, Sánchez scored. Anderson singled to left, Shuck to third. Eaton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Shuck scored, Anderson to second. Anderson stole third. Eaton stole second. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Anderson scored, Eaton to third. Cabrera popped out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. d'Arnaud walked. Beckham singled to left center, d'Arnaud to second. Freeman grounded into triple play, shortstop to first, d'Arnaud out at third, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wisler pitching for Braves. Frazier grounded out to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Markakis homered to right (374 feet). Francoeur grounded out to third. García doubled to left. Flowers hit by pitch. Aybar struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Sánchez grounded out to second. Shuck struck out swinging. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. d'Arnaud walked. Beckham singled to right, d'Arnaud to second. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beckham out at second, d'Arnaud to third. Francoeur doubled to deep right, d'Arnaud and Markakis scored, Francoeur to third on throwing error by second baseman Sánchez. García doubled to deep left center, Francoeur scored. Flowers doubled to deep right, García scored. Aybar struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Eaton homered to center (413 feet). Abreu grounded out to third. Cabrera lined out to left. Frazier homered to left (363 feet). Lawrie struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Inciarte doubled to deep center. d'Arnaud doubled to right, Inciarte scored. Beckham reached on infield single to shortstop. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Freeman walked, d'Arnaud to third, Beckham to second. Markakis flied out to left. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, d'Arnaud scored, Beckham to third. García reached on infield single to shortstop, Beckham scored, Freeman to second. Flowers grounded into fielder's choice to third, García out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Navarro flied out to center. Sánchez lined out to center. Shuck singled to right. Anderson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman García, Shuck to third. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Aybar struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to first. d'Arnaud grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. De La Cruz pitching for Braves. Abreu hit by pitch. Cabrera doubled to right, Abreu to third. Frazier hit sacrifice fly to center, Abreu scored, Cabrera to third. Lawrie walked. Withrow pitching for Braves. Navarro struck out swinging. Sánchez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Duke pitching for White Sox. Beckham struck out swinging. Freeman singled to right center. Freeman to second on wild pitch by Duke. Markakis struck out swinging. Francoeur intentionally walked. García lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Withrow pitching for Braves. Shuck grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Ynoa pitching for White Sox. Flowers flied out to center. Aybar struck out looking. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Cabrera pitching for Braves. Abreu singled to center. Cabrera singled to right, Abreu to third. Frazier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu scored, Cabrera out at second. Lawrie singled to center. Lawrie to second on fielder's indifference. Navarro flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 11 - White Sox 8.	Braves overcome triple play, beat White Sox 11-8