Tigers - Top 1st. Turner pitching for White Sox. Kinsler struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to left. Martínez intentionally walked. Castellanos walked, Cabrera to third, Martínez to second. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Eaton struck out swinging. Anderson safe at first on error by shortstop Iglesias. Cabrera singled to right, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to center, Anderson scored, Cabrera to second. Morneau hit by pitch, Cabrera to third, Abreu to second. Frazier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morneau out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Turner pitching for White Sox. Collins struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Shuck grounded out to first. Saladino lined out to left. Narvaez popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Turner pitching for White Sox. Kinsler hit by pitch. Kinsler stole second, Kinsler safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Abreu. Maybin doubled to right, Kinsler scored, Maybin to third on error by right fielder Eaton. Cabrera walked. Maybin scored, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Turner. Martínez grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Castellanos singled to center, Cabrera scored. Upton singled to shallow right, Castellanos to second. Collins struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Abreu walked. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Turner pitching for White Sox. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler singled to left. Maybin walked, Kinsler to second. Albers pitching for White Sox. Cabrera reached on infield single to second, Kinsler to third, Maybin to second. Martínez hit sacrifice fly to center, Kinsler scored. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Frazier struck out swinging. Shuck grounded out to pitcher. Saladino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Albers pitching for White Sox. Upton grounded out to second. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Collins flied out to center. Saltalamacchia safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Fulmer pitching for Tigers. Narvaez singled to right. Eaton walked, Narvaez to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Eaton out at second, Narvaez to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to right, Narvaez scored, Anderson to third. Morneau homered to right (376 feet), Anderson and Abreu scored. Frazier struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Kinsler struck out looking. Maybin struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to left. Martínez intentionally walked. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Shuck grounded out to second. Saladino grounded out to first. Narvaez walked. Eaton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Upton walked. Collins singled to right, Upton to second. Saltalamacchia walked, Upton to third, Collins to second. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton scored, Collins out at third, Saltalamacchia to second. Saltalamacchia to third, Iglesias to second on wild pitch by Fulmer. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Saltalamacchia out at home. Maybin walked, Iglesias to third, Kinsler to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to center, Iglesias and Kinsler scored, Maybin to second. Maybin to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Jones. Martínez struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Anderson grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to center. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. García in right field. Duke pitching for White Sox. Castellanos reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castellanos out at second. Collins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Frazier grounded out to third. Shuck grounded out to second. Saladino singled to shallow center. Navarro hit for Narvaez. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Navarro catching. Duke pitching for White Sox. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias doubled to left. Kinsler struck out swinging. Maybin lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Romine at third base. Rodríguez pitching for Tigers. García struck out looking. Anderson struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - White Sox 5.	Cabrera leads way with 4 hits as Tigers beat White Sox 7-5