White Sox - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Eaton struck out looking. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Dozier doubled to deep left center. Dozier to third on wild pitch by Rodon. Grossman reached on infield single to shortstop, Dozier scored. Sanó struck out swinging. Vargas homered to center (430 feet), Grossman scored. Escobar singled to left. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar out at second. Santana grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Morneau struck out looking. Frazier struck out swinging. García safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Saladino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Centeno grounded out to second. Buxton walked. Dozier flied out to center. Buxton stole second. Grossman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Rosario in center field. Santana pitching for Twins. Narvaez grounded out to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. Eaton singled to left. Anderson singled to center, Eaton to second. Cabrera singled to center, Eaton scored, Anderson out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Sanó struck out looking. Vargas singled to left. Escobar struck out swinging. Polanco doubled to left, Vargas scored, Polanco thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Morneau flied out to left. Frazier walked. García grounded out to third, Frazier to second. Saladino safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sanó, Frazier to third. Narvaez singled to center, Frazier scored, Saladino to third, Saladino scored, Narvaez to second on throwing error by center fielder Rosario. Sánchez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Santana popped out to first. Centeno struck out swinging. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Eaton lined out to center. Anderson singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Anderson to second. Morneau grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Dozier homered to left (389 feet). Grossman flied out to center. Sanó flied out to right. Vargas walked. Escobar flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Frazier walked. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. Saladino grounded out to shortstop, García to second. Narvaez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Polanco struck out swinging. Santana singled to left center. Centeno grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. May pitching for Twins. Sánchez grounded out to third. Eaton lined out to left. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Rosario struck out swinging. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Dozier homered to left center (383 feet). Grossman struck out looking. Sanó grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Cabrera walked. Morneau singled to right, Cabrera to second. Frazier struck out looking. García grounded into fielder's choice to center, Cabrera scored on error by second baseman Polanco, Morneau safe at second on error by second baseman Polanco. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Saladino flied out to center. Narvaez reached on infield single to shortstop, Morneau to third, García to second. Sánchez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Fulmer pitching for White Sox. Vargas walked. Kepler ran for Vargas. Escobar flied out to center. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kepler out at second. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Mauer at first base. Kepler in right field. Santana in left field. Pressly pitching for Twins. Eaton grounded out to pitcher. Anderson lined out to left. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Pressly. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Twins 6.	Dozier homers twice, Twins beat White Sox 6-4