Mariners - Top 1st. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Aoki walked. Smith doubled to deep center, Aoki scored. Canó flied out to left, Smith to third. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to center, Smith scored. Lind grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Anderson singled to right, Eaton to second. Abreu singled to right, Eaton scored, Anderson to third. Frazier struck out swinging. García singled to right, Anderson scored, Abreu to second. Morneau singled to right, Abreu to third, García to second. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left, Abreu scored. Shuck grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Zunino struck out swinging. Martín grounded out to shortstop. O'Malley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Saladino walked. Eaton flied out to right. Anderson singled to left, Saladino to second. Abreu lined into double play, to second, Saladino doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Aoki grounded out to first. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Frazier struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Canó homered to right (417 feet). Cruz struck out swinging. Lind flied out to left. Zunino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Navarro flied out to left. Shuck grounded out to second. Saladino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Martín popped out to second. O'Malley popped out to shortstop. Marte reached on infield single to second. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Eaton flied out to left. Anderson grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Ranaudo pitching for White Sox. Smith lined out to right. Canó singled to left. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop, Canó to second, Canó to third on throwing error by shortstop Anderson. Lind singled to right, Canó scored, Cruz to second. Zunino walked, Cruz to third, Lind to second. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Martín singled to center, Cruz and Lind scored, Zunino to second. O'Malley grounded out to pitcher, Zunino to third, Martín to second. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. García grounded out to third. Morneau flied out to center. Navarro grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Heredia hit for Smith. Heredia singled to left. Canó grounded into fielder's choice to first, Heredia out at second. Albers pitching for White Sox. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Heredia in right field. Caminero pitching for Mariners. Shuck safe at first on error by shortstop Marte. Saladino flied out to left. Eaton walked, Shuck to second. Anderson hit ground rule double to deep center, Shuck scored, Eaton to third. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Abreu struck out swinging. Frazier singled to left, Eaton and Anderson scored, Frazier to second advancing on throw. García grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Lind grounded out to third. Zunino fouled out to shortstop. Martín flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Cishek pitching for Mariners. Morneau struck out swinging. Navarro grounded out to second. Shuck walked. Saladino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. O'Malley grounded out to shortstop. Marte walked. Marte stole second. Aoki struck out swinging. Heredia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Vincent pitching for Mariners. Eaton singled to center. Anderson sacrificed to pitcher, Eaton to second. Abreu intentionally walked. Frazier singled to left, Eaton scored, Abreu to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - White Sox 7.	Frazier's single in 9th leads White Sox over Mariners, 7-6