White Sox - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Eaton singled to right center. Saladino sacrificed to pitcher, Eaton to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu singled to center, Eaton scored. Morneau struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Dozier struck out swinging. Polanco hit by pitch. Plouffe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Frazier struck out looking. García grounded out to third. Narvaez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Sanó struck out swinging, Sanó safe at first on wild pitch by Rodon. Escobar flied out to right, Sanó to second. Kepler flied out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. Eaton singled to left. Saladino struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Schafer doubled to deep left center. Buxton singled to right, Schafer to third. Dozier homered to left center, Schafer and Buxton scored. Polanco singled to center. Plouffe flied out to center. Polanco caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Sanó struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Abreu singled to center. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. Frazier homered to center, Morneau scored. García struck out swinging. Narvaez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to third. Kepler popped out to first. Suzuki singled to center. Schafer fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Sánchez struck out swinging. Eaton singled to right. Saladino grounded out to shortstop, Eaton to second. Cabrera singled to left, Eaton scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Abreu lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Buxton singled to left. Dozier singled to left, Buxton to second, Buxton to third, Dozier to second on error by left fielder Cabrera. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Buxton scored, Dozier out at third. Plouffe walked. Sanó grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Morneau walked. Frazier flied out to right. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. Narvaez singled to right, García to second. Sánchez hit ground rule double to deep left, García scored, Narvaez to third. O'Rourke pitching for Twins. Eaton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Escobar struck out swinging. Kepler flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Light pitching for Twins. Saladino singled to right. Cabrera singled to left, Saladino to second. Saladino to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Light. Abreu flied out to right. Morneau intentionally walked. Frazier struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Rodon pitching for White Sox. Schafer popped out to first. Buxton grounded out to shortstop. Dozier lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Wimmers pitching for Twins. Narvaez singled to left. Sánchez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Narvaez to second, Narvaez to third, Sánchez to second on throwing error by pitcher Wimmers. Eaton intentionally walked. Saladino hit sacrifice fly to left, Narvaez scored. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Sánchez to third, Eaton to second. Abreu singled to center, Sánchez and Eaton scored. Morneau walked, Abreu to second. Frazier walked, Abreu to third, Morneau to second. Chargois pitching for Twins. García struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Polanco struck out swinging. Plouffe fouled out to catcher. Sanó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Chargois pitching for Twins. Narvaez walked. Sánchez singled to right, Narvaez to second. Eaton doubled to right, Narvaez scored, Sánchez to third. Saladino grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera singled to center, Sánchez and Eaton scored. Abreu struck out swinging. Morneau struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Ynoa pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to right. Kepler flied out to left. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 11 - Twins 4.	Eaton has 4 hits, Frazier homers; White Sox beat Twins 11-4