Indians - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Santana walked. Kipnis popped out to shortstop. Lindor struck out swinging. Napoli fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Eaton walked. Anderson singled to right, Eaton to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Eaton to third, Anderson to second. Abreu grounded out to shortstop, Eaton scored, Anderson to third. Morneau grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Ramírez doubled to right center. Chisenhall singled to left, Ramírez scored, Chisenhall to second advancing on throw. Davis doubled to left, Chisenhall scored. Naquin flied out to center, Davis to third. Pérez singled to shallow center, Davis scored. Santana grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Pérez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Frazier flied out to right. García singled to right, García to third on error by right fielder Chisenhall. Narvaez hit sacrifice fly to center, García scored. Saladino reached on infield single to second. Eaton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Lindor walked. Napoli struck out swinging. Ramírez batting. Anderson stole second. Abreu doubled to left, Anderson scored. Morneau grounded out to second, Abreu to third. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Chisenhall flied out to right. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Naquin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García homered to left (426 feet). Narvaez doubled to right. Saladino struck out swinging. Eaton flied out to center. Anderson singled to left, Narvaez scored, Anderson to second advancing on throw. Garner pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Pérez popped out to shortstop. Santana safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Garner pitching for Indians. Abreu walked. Morneau lined out to shortstop. Frazier singled to right, Abreu to second, Abreu to third, Frazier to second on error by right fielder Chisenhall. García struck out swinging. Crockett pitching for Indians. Narvaez struck out swinging, Narvaez safe at first on passed ball by Pérez, Abreu scored, Frazier to third on passed ball. McAllister pitching for Indians. Saladino grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Napoli popped out to second. Ramírez flied out to right. Chisenhall doubled to right. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Eaton homered to right (403 feet). Anderson struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to left. Abreu singled to right. Armstrong pitching for Indians. Morneau struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Naquin fouled out to shortstop. Crisp hit for Pérez. Crisp struck out swinging. Santana doubled to right. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Kipnis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Moore catching. Armstrong pitching for Indians. Frazier flied out to right. García singled to left. Merritt pitching for Indians. Narvaez lined out to left. Saladino doubled to right, García scored. Eaton reached on infield single to second, Saladino scored. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eaton out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Smith pitching for White Sox. Lindor lined out to left. Napoli homered to left (412 feet). Ramírez singled to center. Chisenhall flied out to right. Davis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to third. Shuck hit for Morneau. Shuck walked. Frazier homered to left center (402 feet), Shuck scored. García singled to shallow right center. Narvaez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. González hit for Naquin. González struck out swinging. Moore struck out looking. Aguilar hit for Santana. Aguilar grounded out to shortstop. Kipnis batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Adams pitching for Indians. Saladino batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 4 - White Sox 11.	Garcia powers White Sox to 11-4 win over Indians