White Sox - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Anderson grounded out to second. Eaton singled to center. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Merrifield singled to left. Merrifield caught stealing second, catcher to second. Orlando doubled to deep left. Hosmer grounded out to pitcher, Orlando to third. Morales singled to center, Orlando scored. Pérez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Cabrera flied out to center. Frazier singled to left. García flied out to right, Frazier to second. Sánchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Gordon homered to right center (441 feet). Escobar singled to right. Cuthbert fouled out to third. Dozier walked, Escobar to second. Merrifield singled to left center, Escobar scored, Dozier to second. Orlando walked, Dozier to third, Merrifield to second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dozier scored, Merrifield to third, Orlando safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Sánchez. Morales grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Merrifield out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Avila singled to right. García flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded out to third. Gordon walked. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. Cuthbert reached on infield single to third, Escobar to second. Dozier popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Frazier homered to left center (423 feet), Cabrera scored. García struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Orlando doubled to deep center. Hosmer singled to left, Orlando scored, Hosmer to second advancing on throw. Morales doubled to deep right center, Hosmer scored. Pérez flied out to right. Gordon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Avila grounded out to second. García flied out to right. Anderson singled to left. Eaton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cuthbert grounded out to third. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Frazier singled to center. García struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Orlando hit by pitch. Hosmer grounded out to first, Orlando to second. Morales homered to right center (418 feet), Orlando scored. Pérez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Orlando in right field. Burns in center field. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sánchez struck out looking. Coats hit for Avila. Coats grounded out to second. García reached on infield single to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Smith catching. Coats in right field. Turner pitching for White Sox. Gordon grounded out to first. Escobar lined out to shortstop. Cuthbert grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Smith reached on infield single to third. Abreu walked, Smith to second. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Cabrera lined out to pitcher. Frazier flied out to left. García singled to center, Smith scored, Abreu to second. Sánchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Turner pitching for White Sox. Burns hit by pitch. Merrifield doubled to deep left, Burns scored. Orlando grounded out to third, Merrifield to third. Hosmer grounded out to second, Merrifield scored. Morales flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Moylan pitching for Royals. Coats grounded out to third. García singled to right center. Anderson singled to center, García to third. Smith grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Royals 10.	Morales drives in 4, leads Duffy, Royals over White Sox