Twins - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Tyner singled to center . Tyner to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Punto singled to left , Tyner to third . Punto picked off first . Mauer grounded out to first . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Twins . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco singled to left . Sheffield singled to center , Polanco to third . Ordonez doubled to deep right , Polanco and Sheffield scored , Ordonez out at third . Guillen tripled to deep center . Casey grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Hunter singled to right , Morneau to third . Kubel singled to right , Morneau scored , Hunter to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hunter scored , Kubel safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Casey . Bartlett fouled out to first . Tyner sacrificed to second , Kubel scored , Rodriguez to second . Punto singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Punto to second advancing on throw . Mauer intentionally walked . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mauer out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Twins . Monroe grounded out to third . Rabelo grounded out to first . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Morneau homered to right . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Kubel flied out to center . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Bartlett fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Twins . Granderson walked . Polanco singled to right , Granderson to second . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Granderson out at third , Polanco to second . Ordonez popped out to second . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Guillen doubled to right , Polanco scored , Sheffield thrown out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Tyner reached on infield single to second . Punto lined out to left . Tyner caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Twins . Casey grounded out to first . Monroe popped out to shortstop . Rabelo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer singled to center . Morneau singled to right , Cuddyer to second . Cuddyer stole third . Hunter safe at second on error by pitcher Ledezma , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to third . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Detroit 's Ledezma ejected by Nauert in the 5th . Rodriguez hit by pitch , Kubel to second . Bartlett flied out to right , Kubel to third . Tyner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Twins . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco singled to center . Sheffield singled to left , Polanco to second . Ordonez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Punto grounded out to second . Mauer singled to center . Cuddyer flied out to left . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Guillen singled to right . Casey lined out to left . Monroe struck out swinging . Rabelo singled to center , Guillen to third . Inge lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Hunter struck out looking . Kubel grounded out to second . Rodriguez walked . Bartlett singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Neshek pitching for Twins . Tyner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to second . Sheffield singled to center . Ordonez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Punto walked . Mauer singled to center , Punto to third . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to center , Punto scored . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Morneau walked , Mauer to second . Hunter singled to right , Mauer scored , Morneau to second . Kubel flied out to right , Morneau to third , Hunter to second . Rodriguez walked . Reyes pitching for Twins . Bartlett flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Twins . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Casey grounded out to second . Infante at second base . Perez at shortstop . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Monroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Casilla hit for Punto . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Tyner lined out to center . Casilla lined out to shortstop . Mauer homered to left . Casilla at second base . Rodriguez at third base . Perkins pitching for Twins . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Rabelo grounded out to second . Inge flied out to right . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 11 - Tigers 3 .	Twins bats pound Verlander , cruise to easy win