Mariners - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Suzuki doubled to right . Vidro grounded out to second , Suzuki to third . Ibanez walked . Sexson homered to left , Suzuki and Ibanez scored . Broussard popped out to third . Beltre flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Ordonez doubled to deep right . Guillen grounded out to second , Ordonez to third . Casey doubled to deep right , Ordonez scored . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Infante hit ground rule double to deep left center , Casey scored . Inge doubled to left , Infante scored . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro struck out swinging . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Polanco lined out to center . Sheffield flied out to right . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Sexson walked . Broussard popped out to second . Beltre reached on infield single to third , Sexson to second . Johjima grounded out to shortstop , Sexson to third , Beltre to second . Betancourt reached on infield single to third , Sexson scored , Beltre to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Guillen singled to right . Casey grounded out to second , Guillen to second . Monroe singled to left , Guillen to third . Infante tripled to deep right , Guillen and Monroe scored . Inge singled to left , Infante scored . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Inge to second . Polanco lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro struck out looking . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Sheffield fouled out to catcher . Ordonez grounded out to second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Sexson struck out swinging . Broussard singled to left center . Beltre struck out swinging . Broussard stole second . Johjima singled to left , Broussard scored . Betancourt reached on infield single to second , Johjima to second . Lopez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Casey grounded out to first . Monroe hit ground rule double to deep left . Infante singled to center , Monroe scored . Inge flied out to center . Green pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez singled to left , Infante to second . Seay pitching for Tigers . Granderson in center field . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Sheffield homered to left . Ordonez doubled to deep right . Guillen grounded out to shortstop , Ordonez to third . Casey intentionally walked . Monroe struck out swinging . Granderson walked , Casey to second . Inge hit by pitch , Ordonez scored , Casey to third , Granderson to second . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Sexson grounded out to second . Broussard walked . Beltre singled to center , Broussard to second . Broussard to third , Beltre to second on passed ball by Rodriguez . Johjima struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to right , Broussard and Beltre scored . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Lopez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield hit ground rule double to left . Sheffield caught stealing third , catcher to third . Ordonez walked . Jones pitching for Tigers . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher . Vidro flied out to left . Ibanez flied out to center . Suzuki to second on fielder 's indifference . Sexson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Tigers 9 .	Infante , Tigers stop M 's for eighth straight victory