Cardinals - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Tigers . Taguchi popped out to second . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left . Encarnacion singled to center , Pujols to second . Pujols to third , Encarnacion to second on wild pitch by Miller . Rolen walked . Ludwick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco doubled to left . Sheffield homered to left , Polanco scored . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Tigers . Molina doubled to left . Miles sacrificed to pitcher , Molina to third . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Casey singled to center . Monroe walked , Casey to second . Inge flied out to center . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Tigers . Duncan struck out looking . Pujols singled to left . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Pujols to second . Rolen flied out to right , Pujols to third . Ludwick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Polanco grounded out to second . Sheffield grounded out to third . Ordonez homered to right . Guillen singled to right . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Tigers . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Miles grounded out to second . Eckstein lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Casey singled to right . Monroe walked , Casey to second . Inge grounded out to first , Casey to third , Monroe to second . Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center , Casey scored . Polanco doubled to deep left , Monroe scored . Sheffield grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Tigers . Taguchi flied out to left . Duncan flied out to center . Pujols walked . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Ordonez singled to left . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Guillen singled to right , Ordonez to third . Rodriguez walked , Guillen to second . Casey singled to right , Ordonez and Guillen scored , Rodriguez to third . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at home , Casey to second . Inge walked , Casey to third , Monroe to second . Granderson singled to shallow right , Casey and Monroe scored , Inge to second . Polanco doubled to deep left , Inge and Granderson scored . Sheffield singled to left , Polanco scored . Ordonez singled to center , Sheffield to second . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Guillen flied out to right , Sheffield to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Sheffield and Ordonez scored . Casey flied out to center . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Tigers . Rolen walked . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rolen out at second . Molina lined out to right . Bennett catching . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Miles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Monroe struck out swinging . Inge walked . Perez hit for Polanco . Granderson flied out to center . Perez at second base . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Eckstein popped out to shortstop . Taguchi doubled to deep left . Duncan doubled to deep left , Taguchi scored . Pujols singled to center , Duncan scored , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Pujols to third on passed ball by Rodriguez . Spiezio hit for Rolen . Encarnacion fouled out to first . Spiezio at third base . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Infante hit for Ordonez . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Sheffield grounded out to second . Infante fouled out to first . Guillen singled to right center . Infante in right field . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Ludwick reached on infield single to shortstop . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at second . Miles struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to left , Bennett scored . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Casey singled to right . Monroe grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casey out at second . Inge doubled to deep left center . Seay pitching for Tigers . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols homered to right . Encarnacion grounded out to second . Spiezio singled to right . Ludwick struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Tigers 14 .	Detroit uses 9 - run 5th , tops Cards in rematch