Indians - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to third . Blake walked . Hafner singled to deep right , Blake to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Blake scored . Peralta singled to center , Hafner to second . Garko homered to left , Hafner and Peralta scored . Nixon doubled to deep left . Michaels grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Monroe singled to left . Sheffield walked , Monroe to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Barfield grounded out to third . Sizemore grounded out to first . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Guillen grounded out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Casey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hafner walked . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hafner out at second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Infante reached on infield single to second . Inge grounded out to shortstop , Infante to second . Granderson walked . Infante to third , Granderson to second on passed ball by Martinez . Monroe singled to left , Infante scored , Granderson to third . Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop , Granderson scored , Monroe to second . Ordonez singled to left , Monroe scored , Sheffield to second . Guillen flied out to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Garko walked . Nixon flied out to right . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Casey grounded out to second . Infante popped out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to first . Blake homered to left . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson doubled to deep center . Monroe grounded out to third . Sheffield grounded out to third . Ordonez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Garko walked . Nixon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Garko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Guillen safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Garko . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Guillen to second . Casey grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Rodriguez out at second , Guillen to third . Infante lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Michaels walked . Barfield lined into double play , second to first , Michaels doubled off first . Sizemore singled to center . Blake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Inge doubled to left . Granderson flied out to right . Monroe flied out to center . Sheffield reached on infield single to second , Inge to third . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez grounded out to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Guillen popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez flied out to right . Casey doubled to deep right . Infante singled to left , Casey to third . Mesa pitching for Tigers . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Tigers . Garko flied out to center . Nixon struck out looking . Borowski pitching for Indians . Michaels flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Borowski pitching for Indians . Granderson flied out to left . Monroe popped out to first . Sheffield fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Tigers 3 .	Indians go deep to complete road sweep of Tigers