Tigers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson tripled to left . Polanco singled to center , Granderson scored . Sheffield struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to second , Polanco to second . Casey singled to center , Polanco scored . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Sizemore fouled out to third . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Hafner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Rabelo singled to center . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rabelo out at second . Perez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Infante out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta struck out looking . Garko singled to left . Michaels walked , Garko to second . Barfield singled to center , Garko thrown out at home , Michaels to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco reached on infield single to third . Sheffield grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Sizemore flied out to left . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to center . Casey singled to right , Ordonez to third . Casey to second on wild pitch by Carmona . Monroe struck out swinging . Rabelo reached on infield single to third , Ordonez scored . Infante grounded into double play , second to first , Rabelo out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hafner grounded out to second . Martinez homered to left . Peralta grounded out to second . Garko popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Perez grounded out to second . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Michaels singled to left . Barfield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Michaels out at second . Gutierrez flied out to right . Sizemore fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Sheffield struck out swinging . Ordonez doubled to deep left center . Casey grounded out to second , Ordonez to third . Monroe homered to left , Ordonez scored . Rabelo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Blake struck out looking . Hafner walked . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta homered to left center , Hafner scored . Garko singled to right . Michaels homered to left , Garko scored . Mastny pitching for Indians . Barfield grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Mastny pitching for Indians . Infante singled to left . Infante stole second . Perez walked . Granderson sacrificed to pitcher , Infante to third , Perez to second . Polanco singled to right , Infante scored , Perez to third . Sheffield walked , Polanco to second . Fultz pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to right , Perez scored , Polanco to third , Sheffield to second . Casey walked , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third , Ordonez to second . Monroe hit sacrifice fly to right , Sheffield scored . Ordonez to third on wild pitch by Fultz . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Rabelo struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to first . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Blake grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Infante struck out swinging . Perez popped out to shortstop . Granderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Hafner flied out to left . Martinez flied out to right . Peralta doubled to right center . Jones pitching for Tigers . Nixon hit for Michaels . Garko singled to left , Peralta to third . Nixon singled to shallow left , Peralta scored , Garko to second . Dellucci hit for Gutierrez . Barfield singled to center , Garko to third , Nixon to second , Garko scored , Nixon to third , Barfield to second on throwing error by center fielder Granderson . Nixon in right field . Dellucci in left field . Dellucci lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Polanco singled to right . Sheffield struck out looking , Polanco stole second . Ordonez intentionally walked . Casey walked , Polanco to third , Ordonez to second . Monroe struck out swinging . Hernandez pitching for Indians . Rabelo walked , Polanco scored , Ordonez to third , Casey to second . Infante reached on infield single to third , Ordonez scored , Casey to third , Rabelo to second . Perez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Sizemore grounded out to second . Blake singled to left . Hafner walked , Blake to second . Martinez homered to left , Blake and Hafner scored . Rouse ran for Peralta . Peralta doubled to deep right . Garko struck out swinging . Nixon intentionally walked . Barfield singled to right , Rouse scored , Nixon to third . Barfield to second on fielder 's indifference . Dellucci singled to center , Nixon scored , Barfield to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 11 - Indians 12 .	Indians rally past Tigers with five - run ninth