Indians - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Sizemore walked . Sizemore picked off first . Blake flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop . Ordonez walked , Sheffield to second . Guillen singled to right , Sheffield scored , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Martinez grounded out to third . Hafner struck out swinging . Michaels struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Casey doubled to deep right . Thames flied out to center , Casey to third . Inge singled to left , Casey scored . Granderson flied out to center . Inge stole second . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Garko safe at first on error by third baseman Inge . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garko out at second . Barfield singled to center , Gutierrez to second . Sizemore singled to right , Gutierrez to third , Barfield to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gutierrez scored , Sizemore out at second , Barfield to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . Guillen lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Hafner walked . Michaels flied out to left . Garko hit ground rule double to deep right , Hafner to third . Gutierrez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Rodriguez singled to center . Casey singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Thames fouled out to first . Inge bunt grounded out to second , Rodriguez scored , Casey to second . Granderson doubled to deep right , Casey scored . Polanco singled to right , Granderson scored . Sheffield grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Barfield flied out to right . Sizemore grounded out to first . Blake reached on infield single to third . Peralta walked , Blake to second . Martinez doubled to deep left , Blake scored , Peralta to third . Hafner grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Michaels singled to left . Garko flied out to center . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez singled to center , Michaels to second . Barfield struck out looking . Sizemore walked , Michaels to third , Gutierrez to second . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sizemore out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Casey struck out looking . Thames singled to center . Inge flied out to right . Thames stole second . Granderson walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . McBride pitching for Tigers . Peralta walked . Martinez flied out to center . Hafner homered to left , Peralta scored . Miner pitching for Tigers . Francisco hit for Michaels . Francisco reached on infield single to third . Francisco caught stealing second , catcher to second . Francisco in left field . Mujica pitching for Indians . Garko grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Sheffield grounded out to third . Ordonez fouled out to first . Guillen tripled to deep center . Rodriguez tripled to deep right center , Guillen scored . Casey flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Gutierrez grounded out to first . Barfield singled to left . Barfield to second on wild pitch by Miner . Sizemore struck out looking . Blake walked . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Cabrera pitching for Indians . Thames fouled out to third . Inge struck out swinging . Jones pitching for Tigers . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Martinez flied out to center . Hafner struck out swinging . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Tigers 6 .	Rogers now 3 - 0 as Tigers cut into Tribe 's lead