Tigers - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Granderson reached on infield single to third . Raburn sacrificed to first , Granderson to second . Casey grounded out to shortstop , Granderson to third . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Iguchi lined out to shortstop . Thome walked . Konerko singled to center , Thome to second . Dye homered to center , Thome and Konerko scored . Fields singled to left . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fields out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Guillen reached on bunt single to third . Monroe singled to left , Guillen to third . Rabelo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guillen scored , Monroe out at second . Inge hit by pitch . Infante lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Uribe flied out to left . Hall grounded out to third . Gonzalez walked . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Granderson flied out to right . Raburn homered to center . Casey struck out swinging . Ordonez walked . Guillen walked , Ordonez to second . Monroe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Thome grounded out to second . Konerko singled to left . Dye lined out to second . Fields homered to center , Konerko scored . Podsednik grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Rabelo singled to left . Inge singled to center , Rabelo to second . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Inge out at second , Rabelo to third . Granderson walked . Raburn homered to center , Rabelo and Granderson scored . Casey singled to center . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Uribe homered to right center . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez homered to right . Iguchi walked . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Guillen singled to right . Monroe struck out looking . Rabelo singled to left , Guillen to third . Inge singled to left , Guillen scored , Rabelo to second . Infante bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Rabelo out at third , Inge to second . Granderson singled to right , Inge scored , Infante to third . Logan pitching for White Sox . Raburn doubled to left , Infante scored , Granderson to third . Casey singled to right , Granderson and Raburn scored . Ordonez lined out to first . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Dye fouled out to right . Fields grounded out to second . Podsednik singled to left . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Guillen flied out to right . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Rabelo singled to center . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Hall singled to left . Gonzalez walked , Hall to second . Iguchi doubled to deep right , Hall and Gonzalez scored . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Iguchi out at second . Dye flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Infante struck out swinging . Granderson flied out to left . Raburn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Fields struck out looking . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Uribe flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Casey grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Pierzynski hit for Hall . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Iguchi lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Pierzynski catching . Haeger pitching for White Sox . Monroe singled to left . Rabelo sacrificed to pitcher , Monroe to second . Inge reached on infield single to third , Monroe to third . Infante singled to left , Monroe scored , Inge to second . Inge to third , Infante to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inge out at home . Raburn singled to right center , Infante and Granderson scored . Casey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Raburn out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko lined out to shortstop . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 13 - White Sox 9 .	Raburn 's 2 HRs , 7 RBIs drive Tigers past ChiSox