Tigers - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Granderson singled to center . Granderson stole second . Polanco singled to shallow left , Granderson to third . Sheffield walked , Polanco to second . Ordonez reached first base on catcher 's interference , Granderson scored , Polanco to third , Sheffield to second . Ordonez batting . Guillen singled to left , Polanco scored , Sheffield to third , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sheffield out at home , Ordonez to third , Guillen to second . Casey flied out to center . Monroe flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Willits hit by pitch . Figgins doubled to deep center , Willits scored . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Figgins to third . Guerrero walked . Quinlan singled to center , Figgins scored , Guerrero to third . Matthews doubled to left , Guerrero scored , Quinlan to third . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Quinlan scored , Matthews to third . Napoli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Inge , Matthews scored , Anderson advanced to second on play , Anderson tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Napoli stole second . Mathis ran for Napoli . Izturis doubled to deep center , Mathis scored . Willits flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Mathis catching . Weaver pitching for Angels . Inge flied out to left . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco doubled to deep center . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Figgins singled to center . Cabrera walked , Figgins to second . Guerrero singled to center , Figgins scored , Cabrera thrown out at third , Guerrero to second . Quinlan grounded out to third . Matthews singled to right , Guerrero scored . Anderson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Ordonez flied out to right . Guillen popped out to third . Rodriguez singled to left center . Casey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Mathis struck out swinging . Izturis flied out to left . Willits struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Monroe struck out looking . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson homered to center . Polanco singled to left . Sheffield grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Figgins singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Figgins out at second . Guerrero lined out to center . Quinlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen doubled to right , Ordonez to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Casey singled to right , Ordonez scored , Guillen to third . Monroe hit sacrifice fly to left , Guillen scored . Inge flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Matthews struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco homered to center . Speier pitching for Angels . Sheffield popped out to shortstop . Ordonez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Izturis flied out to left . Willits struck out looking . Figgins doubled to right . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Guillen fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Casey singled to right . Monroe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Guerrero struck out swinging . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Kotchman doubled to deep right center . Matthews singled to left , Kotchman scored , Matthews to second advancing on throw . Anderson intentionally walked . Mathis popped out to shortstop . Izturis doubled to deep right center , Matthews and Anderson scored . Willits grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Kotchman at first base . Shields pitching for Angels . Inge singled to right . Granderson struck out looking . Polanco singled to right , Inge to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inge out at third , Polanco to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . McBride pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Guillen singled to center . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Guillen to second . Casey grounded out to shortstop , Guillen to third . Monroe grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Angels 11 .	Angels ' Matthews drives in 3 , pulls back slam