Tigers - Top 1st . Moseley pitching for Angels . Granderson flied out to center . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Figgins singled to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero doubled to deep left , Figgins to third . Anderson walked . Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to center , Figgins scored . Matthews tripled to deep right , Guerrero and Anderson scored . Izturis doubled to deep center , Matthews scored . Mathis walked . Willits grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Ordonez grounded out to third . Guillen struck out looking . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Figgins singled to right . Cabrera singled to left center , Figgins to third . Cabrera stole second . Guerrero struck out swinging . Figgins scored , Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Bonderman . Cabrera scored on Bonderman 's wild pitch . Anderson struck out swinging . Kotchman grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Moseley pitching for Angels . Casey walked . Raburn singled to left , Casey to second . Casey to third , Raburn to second on wild pitch by Moseley . Inge hit sacrifice fly to center , Casey scored , Raburn to third . Granderson struck out looking . Polanco struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Matthews struck out swinging . Izturis reached on infield single to second . Mathis singled to center , Izturis to second . Willits sacrificed to pitcher , Izturis to third , Mathis to second , Willits safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bonderman . Izturis scored , Mathis to third on throwing error by pitc . Figgins singled to right , Mathis scored , Willits to second . Willits stole third , Figgins stole second . Cabrera walked . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Guerrero hit by pitch , Willits scored , Figgins to third , Cabrera to second . Anderson singled to right , Figgins and Cabrera scored , Guerrero to third . Kotchman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero scored , Anderson out at second . Matthews grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Sheffield singled to center . Ordonez flied out to left . Sheffield to second on balk by Moseley . Guillen grounded out to first , Sheffield to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Sheffield scored . Casey grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Monroe in left field . Infante at shortstop . Raburn in right field . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Izturis grounded out to second . Mathis singled to left . Willits grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mathis out at second . Figgins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Moseley pitching for Angels . Raburn singled to left . Inge singled to left , Raburn to second . Raburn to third , Inge to second on wild pitch by Moseley . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Hessman hit for Polanco . Hessman struck out swinging . Sheffield walked . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Monroe singled to right , Raburn and Inge scored , Sheffield to third . Infante lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hessman in left field . Monroe in right field . Raburn at second base . McBride pitching for Tigers . Cabrera walked . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Anderson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . Casey grounded out to second . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . McBride pitching for Tigers . Kotchman singled to left . Matthews walked , Kotchman to second . Izturis grounded out to first , Kotchman to third , Matthews to second . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Inge popped out to second . Granderson tripled to right . Hessman walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson out at home , Hessman to second . Monroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera flied out to left . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Haynes in right field . Jones pitching for Angels . Infante lined out to first . Rodriguez lined out to center . Casey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Seay pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Kotchman doubled to deep center . Kotchman to third on wild pitch by Seay . Matthews hit sacrifice fly to right , Kotchman scored . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Wood at shortstop . Quinlan in left field . Gwyn pitching for Angels . Raburn flied out to center . Inge doubled to left . Granderson grounded out to second , Inge to third . Hessman lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Angels 13 .	Angels break out bats to complete sweep of Tigers