Tigers - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Granderson safe at third on error by left fielder Cust . Polanco grounded out to second , Granderson scored . Sheffield lined out to center . Ordonez flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Buck singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging , Buck stole second . Buck to third on wild pitch by Verlander . Cust walked . Piazza grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cust out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Guillen singled to right center . Casey doubled to deep right center , Guillen scored . Monroe grounded out to shortstop , Casey to third . Rabelo sacrificed to catcher , Casey scored . Inge struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Ellis struck out looking . Kotsay singled to left . Scutaro doubled to deep center , Kotsay to third . Murphy lined out to second . Suzuki walked . Buck walked , Kotsay scored , Scutaro to third , Suzuki to second . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to third . Sheffield singled to shallow center . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Cust doubled to deep right center . Piazza grounded out to second . Ellis flied out to center . Kotsay popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Guillen singled to center . Casey lined out to right . Monroe flied out to center . Rabelo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Scutaro flied out to center . Murphy doubled to deep center . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop , Murphy to third . Buck fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Inge fouled out to third . Granderson walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Scutaro . Sheffield popped out to first . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Swisher walked . Cust struck out looking . Piazza struck out looking . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Guillen flied out to left . Casey singled to right . Monroe singled to center , Casey to second . Rabelo popped out to third . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Kotsay safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen . Scutaro singled to right , Kotsay to second . Murphy flied out to right , Kotsay to third , Scutaro to second . Suzuki singled to left , Kotsay and Scutaro scored . McBride pitching for Tigers . Buck singled to center , Suzuki to second . Swisher walked , Suzuki to third , Buck to second . Cust singled to right , Suzuki and Buck scored , Swisher to third . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Piazza flied out to center . Ellis flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Street pitching for Athletics . Stewart in left field . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco singled to left . Sheffield grounded out to second , Polanco to second . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Kotsay walked . Scutaro safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Inge , Kotsay to second . Murphy bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kotsay out at third , Scutaro to second . Suzuki singled to right , Scutaro scored , Murphy to third . Buck hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Swisher struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Guillen grounded out to second . Casey safe at first on error by shortstop Murphy . Monroe flied out to left . Rabelo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Infante at shortstop . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Stewart walked . Piazza struck out swinging , Stewart stole second . Ellis popped out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Embree pitching for Athletics . Inge fouled out to first . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Athletics 7 .	Suzuki , Cust help A 's snap four - game skid