Devil Rays - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Iwamura flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Granderson doubled to right . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Casey singled to right , Granderson scored . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casey out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Young struck out looking . Harris singled to left . Gomes singled to right center , Harris to third . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Guillen grounded out to first . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Hammel . Raburn doubled to deep right , Rodriguez scored . Monroe grounded out to third . Inge tripled to deep center , Raburn scored . Granderson struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Navarro homered to left . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop . Crawford singled to center . Upton struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Polanco hit ground rule double to deep center . Casey grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third . Ordonez singled to center , Polanco scored . Guillen singled to right , Ordonez to second . Rodriguez flied out to center . Raburn reached on infield single to second , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second . Monroe struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Young struck out swinging . Harris struck out looking . Gomes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Devil Rays . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson walked . Granderson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Polanco singled to center . Casey flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Wilson popped out to first . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Iwamura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Ordonez homered to right . Guillen flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Raburn popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crawford singled to left center . Upton singled to right , Crawford to second . Pena struck out swinging . Young grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Inge struck out swinging . Granderson singled to right . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Harris grounded out to third . Gomes tripled to deep center . Wilson popped out to second . Navarro singled to left , Gomes scored . Iwamura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Devil Rays . Casey struck out swinging . Ordonez singled to center . Guillen struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crawford singled to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . Pena flied out to center . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Young singled to right , Upton to second . Harris singled to left , Upton to third , Young to second . Gomes homered to left , Upton , Young and Harris scored . Wilson singled to center . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Navarro grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Devil Rays . Raburn doubled to left . Monroe hit by pitch . Inge sacrificed to pitcher , Raburn to third , Monroe to second . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Raburn scored , Monroe to third . Polanco singled to right , Monroe scored , Granderson to third . Casey doubled to right , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Ordonez grounded out to second . Guillen struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Iwamura grounded out to second . Crawford singled to right . Upton flied out to center . Crawford to second on fielder 's indifference . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Tigers 9 .	Tigers hold off late rally , top slumping D - Rays