Mariners - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Suzuki singled to right . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki to second . Ibanez flied out to left . Guillen doubled to deep left , Suzuki and Beltre scored . Broussard struck out swinging . Sexson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Granderson reached on infield single to first . Granderson stole second . Polanco reached on infield single to pitcher , Granderson to third . Sheffield walked , Polanco to second . Ordonez singled to left , Granderson and Polanco scored , Sheffield to second . Guillen doubled to deep right , Sheffield scored , Ordonez to third . Perez grounded out to second , Ordonez scored , Guillen to third . Rabelo struck out swinging . Santiago grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist singled to left . Betancourt singled to center , Bloomquist to third . Suzuki walked , Betancourt to second . Beltre doubled to deep center , Bloomquist and Betancourt scored , Suzuki to third . Ibanez intentionally walked . Guillen singled to left , Suzuki scored , Beltre to third , Ibanez to second . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Broussard hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltre scored . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ibanez out at third , Guillen to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Inge grounded out to shortstop . Granderson homered to right . Polanco reached on infield single to third . Sheffield struck out looking . Ordonez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Johjima hit by pitch . Bloomquist grounded out to first , Johjima to second . Betancourt doubled to left , Johjima scored . Suzuki walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Rapada pitching for Tigers . Ibanez homered to right , Betancourt and Suzuki scored . Vasquez pitching for Tigers . Guillen reached on infield single to pitcher . Broussard flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Guillen walked . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second . Rabelo struck out swinging . Perez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Santiago batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Reed hit for Sexson . Vasquez pitching for Tigers . Reed lined out to right . Johjima grounded out to first . Bloomquist walked . Betancourt reached on infield single to third , Bloomquist to second . Suzuki singled to center , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second advancing on throw . Beltre tripled to deep right center , Betancourt and Suzuki scored . Ibanez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Santiago safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Bloomquist . Inge singled to right center , Santiago scored . Granderson singled to right , Inge to second . Polanco flied out to center . Sheffield grounded out to second , Inge to third , Granderson to second . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Vasquez pitching for Tigers . Guillen doubled to deep right . Broussard flied out to center , Guillen to third . Reed flied out to left . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Guillen flied out to right . Perez walked . Rabelo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Perez out at second . Santiago lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Vasquez pitching for Tigers . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Inge singled to right . Granderson singled to right , Inge to second . Green pitching for Mariners . Polanco grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Granderson out at second , Inge to third . Sheffield walked . Ordonez singled to right , Inge scored , Sheffield to second . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Sheffield to third , Ordonez to second on balk by O'Flaherty . Guillen struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Raburn at second base . Vasquez pitching for Tigers . Beltre grounded out to third . Ibanez singled to right . Guillen fouled out to third . Broussard grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Jones in right field . Thames hit for Perez . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Thames grounded out to third . Rabelo flied out to right . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Thames in left field . Capellan pitching for Tigers . Reed tripled to deep center . Johjima grounded out to second . Bloomquist singled to right , Reed scored . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki singled to right , Bloomquist to third . Beltre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Inge struck out swinging . Maybin hit for Granderson . Maybin grounded out to shortstop . Raburn fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Maybin in center field . Clevlen in right field . Capellan pitching for Tigers . Ibanez grounded out to second . Jones singled to left . Broussard grounded out to first , Jones to second . Reed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Jimerson in right field . Jones in left field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Sheffield flied out to right . Clevlen struck out swinging . Guillen singled to right . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 14 - Tigers 7 .	M 's score a lot early , rout Tigers