Royals - Top 1st . Jurrjens pitching for Tigers . DeJesus fouled out to catcher . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Teahen hit ground rule double to deep right . Butler singled to right , Teahen scored . Gload flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Buckner pitching for Royals . Granderson singled to left center . Polanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . Sheffield popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Jurrjens pitching for Tigers . Gordon singled to center . Smith homered to left , Gordon scored . Buck fouled out to first . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Buckner pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to right . Guillen popped out to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Jurrjens pitching for Tigers . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Teahen tripled to deep right center . Butler singled to left , Teahen scored . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Gload grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Buckner pitching for Royals . Perez grounded out to second . Casey flied out to left . Inge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Gordon struck out looking . Smith struck out swinging . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Buckner pitching for Royals . Granderson grounded out to third . Polanco doubled to deep right . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Gathright walked . DeJesus flied out to left . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gathright out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Buckner pitching for Royals . Guillen struck out swinging . Rodriguez doubled to right . Perez walked . Casey homered to right , Rodriguez and Perez scored . Inge grounded out to second . Granderson singled to right . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to second . Sheffield lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Teahen struck out looking . Butler flied out to right . Gload struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Nunez pitching for Royals . Ordonez singled to right . Guillen struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Smith . Bale pitching for Royals . Thames hit for Perez . Thames struck out swinging . Casey reached on infield single to first , Ordonez to third , Rodriguez to second . Inge singled to left , Ordonez and Rodriguez scored , Casey to second . Granderson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Thames in left field . Byrdak pitching for Tigers . Gordon grounded out to first . German hit for Smith . Rodney pitching for Tigers . German struck out looking . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Grudzielanek at shortstop . German at second base . Peralta pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to third . Sheffield walked . Ordonez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Gathright safe at second on error by left fielder Thames . DeJesus sacrificed to pitcher , Gathright to third . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Teahen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Riske pitching for Royals . Guillen grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to deep right , Rodriguez out stretching at second . Thames grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Guillen at first base . Clevlen in left field . Santiago at shortstop . Jones pitching for Tigers . Butler grounded out to second . Gload reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . German grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gload out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Tigers 5 .	Tigers rally past Royals to keep slim hopes alive