White Sox - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Twins. De Aza singled to center. Ramirez singled to left, De Aza to second. Rios doubled to deep left, De Aza scored, Ramirez to third. Viciedo hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramirez scored, Rios to third. Dunn struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Dozier lined out to right. Mauer singled to left. Willingham popped out to shortstop. Morneau singled to right, Mauer to second. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Wells grounded out to third. Flowers singled to left. Greene grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Plouffe struck out swinging. Arcia struck out looking. Hicks flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Twins. De Aza struck out swinging. Ramirez lined out to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Florimon doubled to left. Dozier singled to left center, Florimon to third. Dozier stole second. Mauer walked. Willingham flied out to right. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to second, Florimon scored, Dozier to third, Mauer safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez. Doumit hit sacrifice fly to center, Dozier scored, Mauer to third, Morneau to second. Plouffe doubled to deep center, Mauer and Morneau scored. Arcia grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Viciedo struck out swinging. Dunn fouled out to left. Keppinger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Hicks homered to center (429 feet). Florimon grounded out to third. Dozier popped out to shortstop. Mauer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. Wells flied out to right. Flowers grounded out to second. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Morneau struck out swinging. Doumit singled to left. Plouffe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Twins. De Aza singled to right. Ramirez doubled to deep left center, De Aza to third. Rios grounded out to second, De Aza scored, Ramirez to third. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Viciedo struck out looking. Dunn flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Arcia struck out swinging. Hicks homered to center (398 feet). Florimon fouled out to first. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Keppinger struck out looking. Wells flied out to center. Flowers singled to center. Flowers to second on wild pitch by Roenicke. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Omogrosso pitching for White Sox. Mauer walked. Willingham struck out swinging. Morneau doubled to deep right, Mauer to third. Doumit grounded out to first. Plouffe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Burton pitching for Twins. De Aza singled to right. Ramirez singled to center, De Aza to second. Rios struck out swinging. Viciedo flied out to center. Dunn walked, De Aza to third, Ramirez to second. Gillaspie hit for Keppinger. Gillaspie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Gillaspie at third base. Heath pitching for White Sox. Arcia doubled to center. Hicks walked. Florimon reached on bunt single to pitcher, Arcia to third, Hicks to second. Dozier grounded into double play, first to catcher to second, Arcia out at home, Hicks to third, Florimon to second. Mauer intentionally walked. Willingham walked, Hicks scored, Florimon to third, Mauer to second. Morneau doubled to deep right center, Florimon, Mauer and Willingham scored. Doumit flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Fien pitching for Twins. Wells singled to left. Flowers struck out swinging. Greene bunt grounded out to pitcher, Wells to second. De Aza grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 3 - Twins 10.	Hicks' bat, glove carry Twins past White Sox