White Sox - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Angels. Wise popped out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to center. Rios singled to right, Ramirez to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Aybar lined out to left. Trout singled to right. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Angels. Gillaspie flied out to left. Viciedo reached on infield single to third. Gimenez flied out to left. Greene singled to right, Viciedo to third. Wise grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Trumbo flied out to right. Kendrick struck out swinging. Callaspo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Angels. Ramirez reached on bunt single to third. Rios struck out swinging. Dunn struck out looking. Konerko singled to center, Ramirez to third. Gillaspie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Harris struck out swinging. Iannetta walked. Shuck singled to left, Iannetta to second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Shuck out at second, Iannetta to third. Trout hit by pitch, Aybar to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Angels. Viciedo walked. Gimenez singled to right, Viciedo to third. Greene struck out swinging. Wise popped out to shortstop. Ramirez hit by pitch, Gimenez to second. Rios doubled to left, Viciedo and Gimenez scored, Ramirez to third. Dunn singled to right, Ramirez and Rios scored. Konerko reached on infield single to pitcher, Dunn to second. Gillaspie flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Trumbo homered to left (441 feet). Kendrick flied out to left. Callaspo singled to left. Harris walked, Callaspo to second. Callaspo to third, Harris to second on wild pitch by Santiago. Iannetta walked. Shuck walked, Callaspo scored, Harris to third, Iannetta to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to right, Harris scored, Iannetta to third. Shuck to second on passed ball by Gimenez. Trout struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Angels. Viciedo hit by pitch. Gimenez singled to left, Viciedo to second. Greene fouled out to catcher. Wise walked, Viciedo to third, Gimenez to second. Coello pitching for Angels. Ramirez struck out swinging. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Keppinger at first base. Jones pitching for White Sox. Pujols doubled to right. Trumbo doubled to deep center, Pujols scored. Kendrick grounded out to first, Trumbo to third. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to right, Trumbo scored. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Coello pitching for Angels. Keppinger popped out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to right. Gillaspie struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Iannetta grounded out to first. Shuck popped out to shortstop. Aybar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Trumbo at first base. Hamilton in right field. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Viciedo lined out to second. Gimenez singled to left. Greene struck out looking. Wise grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Trout walked. Trout caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pujols struck out looking. Trumbo walked. Kendrick singled to left, Trumbo to second. Veal pitching for White Sox. Callaspo homered to left (373 feet), Trumbo and Kendrick scored. Hamilton singled to center. Iannetta walked, Hamilton to second. Shuck doubled to deep center, Hamilton and Iannetta scored. Aybar struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Richards pitching for Angels. Ramirez reached on infield single to second. Wells hit for Rios. Wells struck out swinging. Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez to second. Konerko singled to center, Ramirez scored, Keppinger to second. Gillaspie struck out looking. Viciedo singled to center, Keppinger scored, Konerko to second. Frieri pitching for Angels. Gimenez homered to right center (416 feet), Konerko and Viciedo scored. Greene flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Wells in right field. Veal pitching for White Sox. Trout walked. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Pujols singled to right center, Trout to third. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to right, Trout scored, Pujols to third. Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to left, Pujols scored. Hamilton intentionally walked. Kendrick to third, Hamilton to second on passed ball by Gimenez. Iannetta walked. Shuck grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Wise struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out looking. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Angels 12.	Callaspo, Angels outslug White Sox