Red Sox - Top 1st. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Gomes hit by pitch. Pedroia doubled to deep left, Gomes to third. Ortiz singled to left, Gomes and Pedroia scored. Napoli walked, Ortiz to second. Nava struck out looking, Ortiz stole third. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. De Aza singled to center. De Aza caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ramirez walked. Rios walked, Ramirez to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Drew struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ellsbury singled to shallow left. Gomes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie flied out to center. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Pedroia walked. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. Napoli walked. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Flowers reached on infield single to shortstop. De Aza walked, Flowers to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza out at second, Flowers to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Flowers scored, Ramirez to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Middlebrooks struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Konerko singled to left. Viciedo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second. Gillaspie grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury walked. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ellsbury out at second. Pedroia fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Keppinger reached on infield single to third. Flowers struck out looking. De Aza grounded into fielder's choice to second, Keppinger out at second. Ramirez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Ortiz flied out to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Nava fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Rios singled to center. Dunn popped out to second. Konerko flied out to left. Rios caught stealing second, catcher to second. Viciedo batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Omogrosso pitching for White Sox. Middlebrooks flied out to center. Drew popped out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Ellsbury singled to right, Saltalamacchia to second. Gomes grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Viciedo struck out swinging. Gillaspie flied out to left. Keppinger lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Omogrosso pitching for White Sox. Pedroia lined out to left. Ortiz singled to right. Napoli singled to left, Ortiz to second. Nava walked, Ortiz to third, Napoli to second. Jones pitching for White Sox. Middlebrooks hit sacrifice fly to right, Ortiz scored, Napoli to third. Drew walked, Nava to second. Napoli scored, Nava to third, Drew to second on passed ball by Flowers. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Flowers struck out looking. De Aza struck out swinging. Ramirez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Ellsbury walked. Gomes singled to right, Ellsbury to second. Pedroia struck out swinging. Veal pitching for White Sox. Ortiz lined out to center. Napoli walked, Ellsbury to third, Gomes to second. Nava singled to left, Ellsbury and Gomes scored, Napoli to second. Middlebrooks grounded into fielder's choice to third, Napoli out at third, Nava to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Rios fouled out to third. Dunn grounded out to third. Konerko homered to left (380 feet). Viciedo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - White Sox 2.	Red Sox's Buchholz ups mark to 7-0