White Sox - Top 1st. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. De Aza singled to center. De Aza caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Chavez grounded out to second. Bay singled to left. Seager singled to right, Bay to third. Morales grounded into double play, third to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Dunn grounded out to first. Konerko singled to left. Viciedo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Ibanez grounded out to first. Franklin walked. Saunders struck out swinging, Franklin stole second. Franklin to third on wild pitch by Axelrod. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Keppinger lined out to center. Beckham flied out to left. Gimenez singled to left. De Aza lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Ryan singled to left. Chavez flied into double play, center to second to first, Ryan doubled off first. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Ramirez struck out swinging. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Dunn grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Seager doubled to deep center. Morales grounded out to second, Seager to third. Ibanez walked. Franklin lined out to right, Seager out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Konerko grounded out to second. Viciedo popped out to shortstop. Keppinger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Saunders walked. Shoppach struck out swinging. Ryan reached on infield single to pitcher, Saunders to second. Chavez walked, Saunders to third, Ryan to second. Bay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Beckham flied out to right. Gimenez grounded out to second. De Aza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Seager walked. Morales struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to center, Seager to third. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Franklin flied out to right. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Ramirez struck out swinging. Rios grounded out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Shoppach singled to left center. Ryan bunted into fielder's choice to third, Shoppach out at second. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ryan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Konerko grounded out to pitcher. Viciedo grounded out to second. Keppinger fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Bay struck out looking. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Seager flied out to left. Morales singled to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Medina pitching for Mariners. Beckham singled to center. Gimenez bunt popped out foul to third. De Aza flied out to center. Beckham to second on wild pitch by Medina. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Franklin doubled to right. Saunders struck out swinging. Crain pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Ryan fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 10th. Medina pitching for Mariners. Rios singled to right center, Rios to second on error by right fielder Chavez. Dunn intentionally walked. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dunn out at second, Rios to third. Gillaspie hit for Viciedo. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Wells hit for Gillaspie. Wells grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 10th. Wells in left field. Crain pitching for White Sox. Chavez struck out swinging. Bay flied out to right. Seager walked. Morales singled to right, Seager to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 11th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Keppinger popped out to shortstop. Beckham singled to left center. Gimenez struck out swinging, Beckham stole second. De Aza intentionally walked. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, De Aza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 11th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Franklin flied out to left. Saunders struck out swinging. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 12th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Rios singled to center. Perez pitching for Mariners. Dunn lined out to right. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Konerko flied into double play, center to pitcher to shortstop, Rios out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 12th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Ryan struck out swinging. Chavez flied out to left. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 13th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Wells struck out swinging. Keppinger struck out swinging. Beckham doubled to shallow right. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 13th. Omogrosso pitching for White Sox. Seager flied out to left. Morales singled to left center. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to first, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 14th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. De Aza walked. Ramirez singled to right, De Aza to third. Rios singled to center, De Aza scored, Ramirez to second. Dunn walked, Ramirez to third, Rios to second. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at home, Rios to third, Dunn to second. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop, Rios scored, Dunn to third, Konerko to second. Keppinger singled to center, Dunn and Konerko scored, Wells to second. Beckham flied out to right, Wells to third. Gimenez doubled to deep center, Wells scored, Keppinger to third. De Aza struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 14th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Franklin flied out to left. Saunders singled to left. Shoppach singled to left center, Saunders to second. Ryan singled to center, Saunders to third, Shoppach to second. Chavez singled to left, Saunders scored, Shoppach to third, Ryan to second. Bay struck out swinging. Seager homered to right (406 feet), Shoppach, Ryan and Chavez scored. Morales flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 15th. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Ramirez singled to left. Rios grounded out to second, Ramirez to second. Dunn intentionally walked. Konerko walked, Ramirez to third, Dunn to second. Jor Danks ran for Konerko. Wells struck out swinging. Keppinger struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 15th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Ibanez flied out to right. Franklin walked. Saunders fouled out to third. Franklin stole second. Shoppach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 16th. Noesi pitching for Mariners. Beckham singled to left center. Beckham stole second. Gimenez grounded out to third. De Aza singled to center, Beckham scored, De Aza to second advancing on throw. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, De Aza to third. Rios reached on infield single to third, De Aza scored, Rios to second on throwing error by third baseman Seager. Dunn intentionally walked. Jor Danks struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 16th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Ryan struck out swinging. Chavez struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Mariners 5.	White Sox, M's make history