Tigers - Top 1st. Sale pitching for White Sox. Jackson lined out to left. Hunter struck out swinging. Cabrera homered to right (346 feet). Fielder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. De Aza flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to left. Tuiasosopo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. Infante flied out to center. Pena doubled to deep right center, Tuiasosopo scored. Iglesias lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Dunn lined out to left. Konerko grounded out to third. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Sale pitching for White Sox. Jackson grounded out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Keppinger singled to center. Jor Danks flied out to center. Phegley grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Keppinger out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Fielder grounded out to first. Martinez reached on infield single to third. Tuiasosopo singled to center, Martinez to second. Infante flied out to right, Martinez to third. Pena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. De Aza flied out to left. Beckham singled to left. Ramirez popped out to second. Dunn walked, Beckham to second. Beckham to third, Dunn to second on wild pitch by Fister. Konerko walked. Beckham scored, Dunn to third, Konerko to second on wild pitch by Fister. Garcia fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Iglesias fouled out to first. Jackson struck out swinging. Hunter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Keppinger hit ground rule double to left. Jor Danks flied out to left. Phegley singled to center, Keppinger scored, Phegley to second advancing on throw. De Aza singled to shallow left. Beckham reached on infield single to second, Phegley scored, De Aza to third. Ramirez singled to left center, De Aza scored, Beckham to second. Dunn walked, Beckham to third, Ramirez to second. Konerko struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Fielder singled to center, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at third, Fielder to second. Tuiasosopo flied out to center. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Keppinger grounded out to third. Jor Danks singled to center. Phegley grounded out to shortstop, Jor Danks to second. Jor Danks to third on passed ball by Pena. De Aza flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Pena struck out looking. Iglesias reached on infield single to second. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Iglesias out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Beckham singled to shallow left. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beckham out at second. Dunn singled to right. Konerko singled to right, Dunn to second. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Hunter struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Fielder popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Keppinger singled to center. Jor Danks singled to right center, Keppinger to third. Rondon pitching for Tigers. Phegley singled to left, Keppinger scored, Jor Danks to third. De Aza hit sacrifice fly to left, Jor Danks scored. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Phegley out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Sale pitching for White Sox. Martinez flied out to center. Tuiasosopo singled to right. Infante flied out to left. Pena grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - White Sox 6.	Sale gem tames Miggy, Tigers