Astros - Top 1st. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Grossman flied out to center. Hoes grounded out to pitcher. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. De Aza doubled to right. Beckham flied out to right, De Aza to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, De Aza out at third. Ramirez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Konerko batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Castro homered to left center (390 feet). Dominguez singled to right. Carter walked, Dominguez to second. Wallace flied out to center. Barnes singled to right, Dominguez to third, Carter to second, Dominguez and Carter scored, Barnes to third on error by right fielder Garcia. Villar grounded into double play, catcher to first to pitcher, Barnes out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Konerko singled to right. Dunn popped out to shortstop. Garcia singled to right center, Konerko to second. Keppinger struck out swinging. Viciedo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Grossman struck out looking. Hoes grounded out to second. Altuve singled to center. Castro singled to center, Altuve to second. Dominguez walked, Altuve to third, Castro to second. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Phegley singled to center. De Aza singled to right, Phegley to third. Beckham grounded into double play, third to second to first, Phegley scored, De Aza out at second. Ramirez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Wallace homered to right (415 feet). Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Villar walked. Villar picked off first. Grossman doubled to deep center, Grossman to third on error by center fielder De Aza. Hoes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Konerko popped out to second. Dunn flied out to center. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Castro struck out swinging, Castro safe at first on wild pitch by Rienzo. Dominguez popped out to second. Carter homered to left center (446 feet), Castro scored. Wallace struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Keppinger homered to left (384 feet). Viciedo grounded out to shortstop. Phegley grounded out to shortstop. De Aza singled to center. Beckham safe at second on error by right fielder Hoes, De Aza scored. Ramirez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Rienzo pitching for White Sox. Barnes doubled to deep right. Villar sacrificed to third, Barnes to third. Barnes scored on Rienzo's wild pitch. Grossman flied out to center. Hoes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Konerko walked. Dunn homered to right (404 feet), Konerko scored. Garcia struck out swinging. Martinez pitching for Astros. Keppinger singled to center. Viciedo doubled to deep left, Keppinger to third. Phegley singled to center, Keppinger scored, Viciedo to third, Phegley to second advancing on throw. Viciedo scored, Phegley to third on balk by Martinez. De Aza singled to left center, Phegley scored. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, De Aza out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Altuve struck out swinging. Castro walked. Dominguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at second. Dominguez to second on wild pitch by Petricka. Carter singled to center, Dominguez scored. Veal pitching for White Sox. Wallace struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Astros. Ramirez grounded out to third. Konerko fouled out to catcher. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Barnes singled to left. Villar sacrificed to first, Barnes to second. Grossman lined out to left. Hoes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Martinez pitching for Astros. Garcia singled to center. Keppinger sacrificed to pitcher, Garcia to second. Viciedo flied out to right. Phegley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Altuve struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. Dominguez homered to left center (402 feet). Carter homered to right center (419 feet). Wallace popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Zeid pitching for Astros. De Aza grounded out to second. Beckham walked. Ramirez flied out to center. Konerko hit ground rule double to deep left, Beckham to third. Garcia ran for Konerko. Chapman pitching for Astros. Dunn walked. Lyles pitching for Astros. Jor Danks ran for Dunn. Garcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 10 - White Sox 8.	Back-to-back HRs lift Astros past White Sox