Tigers - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Jackson struck out swinging. Dirks singled to left. Dirks to second on passed ball by Phegley. Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie, Dirks scored. Fielder singled to left, Cabrera to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Kelly flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. De Aza grounded out to second. Beckham singled to right. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Infante flied out to center. Avila walked. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Avila out at second. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dunn grounded out to second. Konerko singled to right. Garcia flied out to center. Gillaspie doubled to right, Konerko to third. Viciedo lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Dirks grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to center. Fielder homered to right (356 feet). Martinez singled to left. Kelly walked, Martinez to second. Infante safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko, Martinez to third, Kelly to second. Avila singled to center, Martinez and Kelly scored, Infante to second. Iglesias grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Phegley singled to center. De Aza flied out to left. Beckham grounded out to shortstop, Phegley to second. Phegley to third on wild pitch by Porcello. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for White Sox. Jackson hit ground rule double to deep right. Dirks struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder singled to center, Jackson scored. Fielder to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Martinez walked. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Kelly fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko singled to center. Garcia reached on infield single to pitcher, Konerko to second. Gillaspie singled to right, Konerko scored, Garcia to second, Garcia to third on error by right fielder Kelly. Viciedo struck out swinging. Phegley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gillaspie out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Purcey pitching for White Sox. Infante flied out to center. Avila doubled to deep right center. Iglesias grounded out to third. Jackson safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie, Avila scored. Dirks lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. De Aza grounded out to first. Beckham flied out to left. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Leesman pitching for White Sox. Cabrera flied out to right. Fielder singled to left. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dunn flied out to left. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. Garcia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Gonzalez catching. Gonzalez catching. Leesman pitching for White Sox. Kelly safe at first on error by third baseman Gillaspie. Gonzalez catching. Gonzalez catching. Kelly safe at first on error by third baseman Gillaspie. Gonzalez catching. Gonzalez catching. Kelly safe at first on error by third baseman Gillaspie. Infante grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kelly out at second. Avila singled to left center. Iglesias doubled to left, Avila to third. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Garcia hit for Gillaspie. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Garcia struck out swinging. Viciedo grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Semien at second base. Garcia at third base. Veal pitching for White Sox. Dirks grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to right. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. De Aza flied out to center. Semien grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Webb pitching for White Sox. Martinez singled to right center. Perez ran for Martinez. Kelly flied out to center. Infante flied out to right. Avila singled to right, Perez to second. Iglesias singled to center, Perez scored, Avila to second. Jackson singled to right, Avila scored, Iglesias to second. Dirks grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Santiago at third base. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Dunn walked. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dunn out at second. Garcia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - White Sox 1.	Porcello fires 1st complete game, Tigers roll