Twins - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Mastroianni grounded out to second. Dozier singled to right. Plouffe flied out to center. Arcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. De Aza grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Viciedo singled to right. Dunn singled to right, Viciedo to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Doumit singled to center. Willingham fouled out to first. Pinto singled to center, Doumit to second. Colabello struck out looking. Florimon lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Jor Danks struck out looking. Beckham singled to center. Phegley singled to right, Beckham to third. Semien singled to left, Beckham scored, Phegley to second. De Aza flied out to center, Phegley to third. Ramirez walked, Semien to second. Viciedo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Mastroianni singled to left. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mastroianni out at second. Dozier stole second. Plouffe doubled to deep right, Dozier scored. Arcia struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Dunn struck out swinging. Konerko struck out swinging. Jor Danks grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Willingham singled to left. Pinto struck out looking. Colabello walked, Willingham to second. Florimon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Colabello out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Beckham fouled out to first. Phegley popped out to shortstop. Semien popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Mastroianni struck out swinging. Dozier reached on infield single to second. Dozier caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Plouffe lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. De Aza reached on bunt single to third. Ramirez doubled to left, De Aza scored, Ramirez to third advancing on throw. Viciedo singled to left center, Ramirez scored. Dunn struck out looking. Konerko singled to left, Viciedo to second. Duensing pitching for Twins. Jor Danks grounded into fielder's choice to first, Konerko out at second, Viciedo to third. Beckham flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Arcia grounded out to second. Doumit doubled to left. Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Semien. Pinto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second, Doumit to third. Colabello walked, Pinto to second. Florimon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Roenicke pitching for Twins. Phegley grounded out to first. Semien grounded out to pitcher. De Aza singled to left. Ramirez walked, De Aza to second. Viciedo singled to left, De Aza scored, Ramirez to second. Dunn flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Mastroianni walked. Mastroianni to second on wild pitch by Petricka. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop, Mastroianni to third. Plouffe reached on infield single to first, Mastroianni scored, Dozier to second. Veal pitching for White Sox. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Plouffe out at second, Dozier to third, Dozier scored on throwing error by second baseman Beckham. Lindstrom pitching for White Sox. Presley ran for Arcia. Doumit singled to right, Presley to third. Thomas ran for Doumit. Willingham struck out swinging. Pinto grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Mastroianni in right field. Presley in center field. Fien pitching for Twins. Konerko walked. Garcia ran for Konerko. Garcia stole second. Jor Danks struck out swinging. Beckham grounded out to second, Garcia to third. Gillaspie hit for Phegley. Gillaspie popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Garcia at second base. Anderson catching. Gillaspie at first base. Jones pitching for White Sox. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. Parmelee hit for Florimon. Parmelee struck out swinging. Herrmann hit for Mastroianni. Herrmann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Escobar at shortstop. Parmelee in right field. Burton pitching for Twins. Semien popped out to second. De Aza walked. Ramirez grounded out to first, De Aza to second. Viciedo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Reed pitching for White Sox. Dozier lined out to third. Plouffe flied out to center. Presley lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - White Sox 4.	Viciedo, Quintana lift White Sox over Twins, 4-3