Braves - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Furcal grounded out to first . Giles singled to center . Giles to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Jones walked . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at second , Giles to third . Jones walked , LaRoche to second . Estrada doubled to right , Giles and LaRoche scored , Jones to third . Langerhans singled to right center , Jones and Estrada scored . Mondesi doubled to left , Langerhans scored . Thomson doubled to deep left , Mondesi scored . Furcal walked . Giles grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Thomson pitching for Braves . Barmes flied out to right . Miles walked . Helton flied out to center . Wilson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Jones struck out looking . LaRoche grounded out to second . Jones singled to center . Estrada lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Hawpe flied out to center . Relaford safe at first on error by second baseman Giles . Sullivan singled to right , Relaford to second . Closser flied out to center . Jennings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Langerhans flied out to center . Mondesi safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes . Thomson sacrificed to pitcher , Mondesi to second . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Thomson pitching for Braves . Barmes lined out to first . Miles fouled out to left . Helton walked . Helton to second on wild pitch by Thomson . Wilson singled to center , Helton scored . Hawpe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Giles singled to left . Jones struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to first , Giles to second . Jones singled to center , Giles scored . Estrada singled to right , Jones to second . Langerhans popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Relaford hit by pitch . Sullivan singled to right , Relaford to second . Mohr hit for Jennings . Closser lined out to right . Mohr grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan out at second , Relaford to third . Barmes singled to right , Relaford scored , Mohr to third . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Carvajal pitching for Rockies . Mondesi walked . Mondesi to second on wild pitch by Carvajal . Thomson sacrificed to first , Mondesi to third . Furcal lined out to third . Giles doubled to deep right , Mondesi scored . Giles to third on wild pitch by Carvajal . Jones grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Thomson pitching for Braves . Helton walked . Wilson hit ground rule double to deep center , Helton to third . Hawpe grounded out to first , Helton scored , Wilson to third . Relaford singled to left , Wilson scored . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Relaford out at second . Atkins hit for Carvajal . Closser singled to center , Sullivan to second . Sosa pitching for Braves . Atkins singled to center , Sullivan scored , Closser to second . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Barmes lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out looking . Estrada singled to right . Langerhans popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Braves . Miles grounded out to second . Helton fouled out to right . Foster pitching for Braves . Wilson singled to right center . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Orr hit for Foster . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Mondesi grounded out to third . Orr popped out to shortstop . Furcal walked . Furcal stole second . Bernero pitching for Braves . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bernero pitching for Braves . Relaford flied out to left . Sullivan struck out swinging . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Holliday in left field . Closser grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Jones singled to right center . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second . Jones doubled to deep left , LaRoche to third . Betemit ran for LaRoche . Estrada intentionally walked . Langerhans struck out swinging . Franco hit for Bernero . Mondesi safe at first on error by third baseman Relaford , Betemit scored , Jones to third , Estrada to second . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Franco at first base . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mondesi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Holliday grounded out to second . Barmes reached on infield single to second . Miles lined out to left . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Witasick pitching for Rockies . Furcal struck out swinging . Giles doubled to deep right . Jordan hit for Reitsma . Jones grounded out to first , Giles to third . Kolb pitching for Braves . Jordan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Kolb pitching for Braves . Wilson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal . Hawpe lined out to left . Gonzalez hit for Witasick . Relaford grounded out to shortstop . Wilson to third on wild pitch by Kolb . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Braves 9 - Rockies 5 .	Braves score big early , end Rockies ' 2 - game win streak