Braves - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Furcal safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria . Giles fouled out to right . Furcal stole second . Jones walked . LaRoche flied out to right , Furcal to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Damon singled to right . Damon to second on wild pitch by Davies . Renteria flied out to right , Damon to third . Ortiz struck out looking . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Estrada flied out to right . Franco flied out to center . Jordan popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Braves . Nixon flied out to center . Varitek grounded out to second . Millar fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Mondesi struck out looking . Furcal walked . Furcal caught stealing second , catcher to second . Giles doubled to deep right . Jones singled to left center , Giles scored . LaRoche flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Braves . Mueller walked . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Damon singled to center , Mueller to second . Renteria popped out to shortstop . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Estrada struck out swinging . Franco walked . Jordan singled to left , Franco to second . Mondesi doubled to left , Franco scored , Jordan to third . Furcal flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Braves . Ramirez struck out swinging . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek walked . Millar singled to left , Varitek to second . Mueller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Giles hit ground rule double to deep right . Jones singled to shallow left , Giles to third . Giles scored , Jones to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . LaRoche walked . Jones struck out swinging . Estrada singled to left , Jones scored , LaRoche to second . Franco doubled to deep center , LaRoche scored , Estrada to third . Jordan hit sacrifice fly to left , Estrada scored . Mondesi popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Braves . Bellhorn flied out to left . Damon walked . Renteria struck out looking . Ortiz singled to right , Damon to third . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Furcal safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Halama . Giles reached on infield single to third , Furcal scored , Giles to second on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Jones flied out to right , Giles to third . LaRoche grounded out to first . Langerhans in right field . Sosa pitching for Braves . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Sosa pitching for Braves . Nixon walked . Varitek singled to right , Nixon to second . Millar singled to right , Nixon scored , Varitek to third . Mueller grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Varitek scored , Millar out at second . Bellhorn popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Estrada grounded out to first . Franco struck out swinging . Colon pitching for Braves . Jordan grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Colon pitching for Braves . Damon grounded out to second . Renteria doubled to deep right center . Ortiz reached on infield single to second , Renteria to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria scored , Ortiz out at second . Nixon flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Langerhans struck out swinging . Furcal safe at first on error by second baseman Bellhorn . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Furcal out at second . Betemit at third base . Bernero pitching for Braves . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Bernero pitching for Braves . Varitek grounded out to first . Millar grounded out to shortstop . Mueller reached on infield single to shortstop . Youkilis at first base . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . LaRoche struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Estrada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Damon singled to center . Boston 's Renteria ejected by Fletcher in the 9th . Ortiz walked , Damon to second . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Damon scored , Ortiz to third . Nixon grounded out to shortstop , Ortiz scored , Ramirez to third . Varitek flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 7 - Red Sox 5 .	Davies dominates BoSox , pitches Braves out of skid