Mets - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Cairo sacrificed to pitcher , Reyes to second . Reyes stole third . Cameron walked . Floyd struck out looking , Cameron stole second . Piazza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Furcal grounded out to third . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Franco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Anderson singled to center . Wright singled to right , Anderson to second . Mientkiewicz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wright out at second , Anderson to third . Glavine grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Jones batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Giles batting . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Reyes fouled out to shortstop . Cairo grounded out to second . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Mondesi reached on infield single to third . Estrada singled to right , Mondesi to second . Betemit fouled out to first . Langerhans singled to center , Mondesi scored , Estrada to third . Hudson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Estrada out at home , Langerhans to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Floyd reached on infield single to second . Piazza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Floyd out at second . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Giles flied out to right . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Wright grounded out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop . Glavine grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Mondesi reached on infield single to third . Estrada doubled to left , Mondesi scored . Betemit sacrificed to pitcher , Estrada to third . Langerhans walked . Hudson grounded out to third , Estrada scored , Langerhans to second . Furcal tripled to deep right , Langerhans scored . Bell pitching for Mets . Giles struck out looking . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Reyes fouled out to third . Cairo grounded out to first . Cameron grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Mets . Franco reached on infield single to third . Jones walked , Franco to second . Mondesi struck out looking . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Estrada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Floyd struck out swinging . Piazza struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 0 - Braves 4 .	Hudson dominates as Braves shut down Glavine , Mets