Nationals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Wilkerson tripled to right . Vidro grounded out to third . Guillen singled to right , Wilkerson scored . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop , Guillen to second . Wilson walked , Guillen to third , Johnson to second . Castilla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Furcal reached on infield single to second . Johnson grounded out to second , Furcal to second . Giles flied out to right . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Schneider flied out to left . Guzman struck out looking . Loaiza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Jones popped out to third . LaRoche struck out looking . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Wilkerson bunt grounded out to catcher . Vidro doubled to right . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . McCann grounded out to second . Hudson singled to center . Furcal flied out to right . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Castilla grounded out to third . Schneider struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Giles homered to left . Jones doubled to shallow right . Jones struck out looking . LaRoche struck out swinging . Francoeur singled to center , Jones scored . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francoeur out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Guzman flied out to left . Loaiza grounded out to pitcher . Wilkerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Hudson struck out looking . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop . Johnson grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Vidro singled to center . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vidro out at second . Johnson walked , Guillen to second . Wilson grounded out to third , Guillen to third , Johnson to second . Castilla grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Giles walked . Jones fouled out to catcher . Jones flied out to center . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Schneider struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to second . Loaiza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Francoeur singled to left center . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Orr hit for Hudson . Franco hit for Orr . McCann sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Francoeur to second , Francoeur to third , McCann to first on throwing error by pitcher Loaiza . Francoeur scored , McCann to second on wild pitch by Eischen . Franco struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to shortstop , McCann to third . Foster pitching for Braves . Johnson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Foster pitching for Braves . Wilkerson walked . Kolb pitching for Braves . Vidro walked , Wilkerson to second . Guillen singled to left , Wilkerson scored , Vidro to third . Johnson singled to center , Vidro scored , Guillen to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Castilla flied out to left . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Schneider flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Giles grounded out to first . Jones struck out swinging . Jones singled to center . Jones stole second . LaRoche intentionally walked . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Francoeur doubled to center , Jones scored , LaRoche to third . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Baerga hit for Guzman . McCann struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Church hit for Stanton . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Baerga grounded out to second . Church grounded out to second . Wilkerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Braves 4 .	Francoeur sparks Braves past fading Nationals