Braves - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop . Giles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Furcal out at second . Francoeur hit ground rule double to deep left . Jones flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Eckstein flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to right center . Pujols homered to left , Rodriguez scored . Edmonds grounded out to first . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Franco struck out looking . Betemit grounded out to third . Estrada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi struck out swinging . Diaz popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Johnson walked . Smoltz sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson to second . Furcal lined out to left . Johnson to third on passed ball by Diaz . Giles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Mulder struck out looking . Eckstein struck out swinging . Rodriguez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur singled to left . Jones reached on infield single to third , Francoeur to second . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second , Francoeur to third . Betemit singled to center , Francoeur scored , Franco to second . Estrada grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Betemit out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Pujols flied out to center . Edmonds homered to right . Grudzielanek singled to center . Grudzielanek caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Nunez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Johnson grounded out to third . Smoltz struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Taguchi struck out looking . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Mulder grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Giles singled to center . Francoeur struck out swinging . Jones flied out to right . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Smoltz pitching for Braves . Eckstein doubled to left . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Pujols intentionally walked . Eckstein to third , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Smoltz . Edmonds intentionally walked . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . Nunez singled to left center , Eckstein and Pujols scored , Edmonds to third , Nunez out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Betemit singled to left center . Estrada flied out to right . LaRoche hit for Smoltz . Johnson walked , Betemit to second . LaRoche flied out to left . Brower pitching for Braves . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betemit out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Brower pitching for Braves . Taguchi homered to left . Mabry hit for Mulder . Diaz popped out to second . Mabry grounded out to first . Eckstein hit by pitch . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Giles grounded out to third . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Langerhans ran for Jones . Jones walked . Franco reached on infield single to third , Langerhans to second . Langerhans in center field . McBride pitching for Braves . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . McBride pitching for Braves . Pujols walked . Edmonds struck out looking . Grudzielanek singled to right , Pujols to second . Nunez walked , Pujols to third , Grudzielanek to second . Taguchi singled to right , Pujols and Grudzielanek scored , Nunez to second . Seabol hit for Tavarez . Diaz singled to right center , Nunez scored , Taguchi to third . Seabol hit sacrifice fly to left , Taguchi scored . Kolb pitching for Braves . Eckstein singled to center , Diaz to second . Rodriguez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Furcal , Diaz scored , Eckstein to third . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Luna in right field . Taguchi in center field . Seabol at second base . McCann hit for Estrada . Pujols flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . McCann flied out to center . Orr hit for Kolb . Johnson grounded out to first . Orr singled to center . Furcal walked , Orr to second . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Giles doubled to deep center , Orr and Furcal scored . Francoeur popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Cardinals 11 .	Pujols makes history ; Smoltz 's   streak ends