Rockies - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Braves . Barmes singled to center . Sullivan singled to right , Barmes to third . Helton struck out looking . Holliday popped out to second . Atkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Orr singled to left . Jordan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Orr out at second . Marte flied out to left , Jordan to second . Franco lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Braves . Hawpe flied out to left . Quintanilla grounded out to second . Ardoin singled to right center . Francis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Pena doubled to deep left . Betemit singled to center , Pena to third . Langerhans singled to right , Pena scored , Betemit to third . Johnson lined out to right . Davies hit sacrifice fly to right , Betemit scored . Orr flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Braves . Barmes flied out to center . Sullivan grounded out to first . Helton struck out swinging , Helton safe at first on wild pitch by Davies . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Helton scored . Atkins singled to center , Holliday scored . Hawpe grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Jordan flied out to right . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Franco walked . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Braves . Quintanilla flied out to left . Ardoin grounded out to shortstop . Francis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Betemit grounded out to pitcher . Langerhans grounded out to second . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Braves . Barmes struck out swinging . Sullivan flied out to center . Helton doubled to center . Holliday popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Davies singled to right . Orr singled to right , Davies to second . Jordan singled to left , Davies to third , Orr to second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davies out at home , Orr to third , Jordan to second , Orr and Jordan scored , Marte to second on throwing error by catcher Ardoin . Franco grounded out to second , Marte to third . Pena grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Braves . Atkins safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Marte . Hawpe flied out to left . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Atkins out at second . Greene hit for Francis . Ardoin hit by pitch , Quintanilla to second . Lerew pitching for Braves . Freeman ran for Greene . Greene doubled to deep left , Quintanilla scored , Ardoin to third . Barmes doubled to right , Ardoin and Freeman scored . Wright pitching for Rockies . Sullivan lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 6th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . Langerhans grounded out to third . Johnson doubled to right . Hollandsworth walked . James pitching for Braves . Orr grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . James pitching for Braves . Helton walked . Helton to second on wild pitch by James . Holliday singled to center , Helton scored , Holliday to second advancing on throw . Atkins flied out to left . Gonzalez hit for Quintanilla . Hawpe struck out swinging . Gonzalez at second base . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Jordan tripled to deep right . Marte struck out swinging . Franco struck out swinging . Pena fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Mohr hit for Wright . James pitching for Braves . Ardoin struck out swinging . Mohr struck out swinging . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Barmes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Betemit grounded out to second . Langerhans struck out swinging . Kolb pitching for Braves . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Kolb pitching for Braves . Sullivan singled to left center . Helton flied out to left . Holliday singled to center , Sullivan to third . Atkins reached on infield single to second , Sullivan scored , Holliday to second . Hawpe doubled to deep left center , Holliday scored , Atkins to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Atkins scored , Hawpe to third . Bigbie hit for DeJean . Ardoin singled to left , Hawpe scored , Gonzalez to second . Bigbie struck out swinging . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . LaRoche hit for Kolb . Barmes struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . LaRoche struck out swinging . Orr doubled to deep right center . Jordan grounded out to shortstop . Marte singled to shallow left , Orr scored . Franco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 10 - Braves 5 .	Rockies double - up NL East champ Braves