Orioles - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Rickard doubled to shallow right. Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Hernández. Rutledge at third base. Machado struck out looking. Trumbo flied out to center. Rickard to third, Jones to second on passed ball by Vázquez. Davis walked. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Pedroia grounded out to second. Benintendi flied out to left. Betts walked. Betts to second on passed ball by Joseph. Ramírez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Mancini struck out swinging. Hardy grounded out to third. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts hit by pitch. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Moreland walked, Bogaerts to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moreland out at second, Bogaerts to third. Rutledge singled to left center, Bogaerts scored, Young to third. Vázquez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Rutledge out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Rickard grounded out to third. Jones popped out to first. Machado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Pedroia singled to right center. Benintendi flied out to left. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pedroia out at second. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Davis singled to right. Schoop struck out swinging. Mancini reached on infield single to third, Davis to second, Davis to third, Mancini to second on throwing error by third baseman Rutledge. Hardy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Bogaerts safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy. Moreland singled to deep left center, Bogaerts to third. Young doubled to center, Bogaerts scored, Moreland to third. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland scored, Young to third. Vázquez popped out to second. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored. Benintendi grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Joseph fouled out to first. Rickard singled to center. Jones struck out swinging. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rickard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Gentry in center field. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Betts popped out to first. Ramírez flied out to left. Bogaerts reached on infield single to third, Bogaerts to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Bogaerts stole third. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Pomeranz pitching for Red Sox. Trumbo walked. Davis struck out looking. Schoop hit ground rule double to deep right center, Trumbo to third. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Mancini hit sacrifice fly to center, Trumbo scored, Schoop to third. Hardy singled to left, Schoop scored. Joseph singled to center, Hardy to second. Rickard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Jiménez pitching for Orioles. Young walked. Young caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Vázquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Gentry grounded out to first. Machado lined out to center. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Pedroia lined out to center. Benintendi struck out looking. Betts reached on infield single to first. Betts stole second. Ramírez walked. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betts out at third, Ramírez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Davis popped out to shortstop. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy singled to center, Mancini to second. Smith hit for Joseph. Scott pitching for Red Sox. Peña hit for Smith. Peña grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mancini out at third, Hardy to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Peña catching. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Moreland grounded out to first. Young walked. Rutledge flied out to right. Vázquez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox. Rickard struck out swinging. Kim hit for Gentry. Kim struck out swinging. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Red Sox 4.	Gausman ejected after hitting batter, Red Sox top O's 4-2