Yankees - Top 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Gardner singled to center. Hicks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gardner out at second. Holliday walked. Castro singled to center, Holliday to second. Judge walked, Holliday to third, Castro to second. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Smith singled to right. Jones grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Torreyes struck out looking. Romine grounded out to pitcher. Refsnyder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Trumbo walked. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trumbo out at second. Mancini flied out to left. Schoop flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Gardner lined out to second. Hicks lined out to left. Holliday lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Joseph struck out swinging. Hardy singled to center. Smith singled to right center, Hardy to second. Jones doubled to deep center, Hardy scored, Smith to third. Machado struck out swinging. Trumbo doubled to deep right, Smith and Jones scored. Davis singled to right center, Trumbo scored. Mancini flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Castro grounded out to first. Judge singled to center. Headley walked, Judge to second. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second, Judge to third, Judge scored, Torreyes to second on throwing error by second baseman Schoop. Romine lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Schoop grounded out to pitcher. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Hardy doubled to left. Smith walked. Jones homered to right center (405 feet), Hardy and Smith scored. Machado fouled out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Refsnyder singled to center. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Refsnyder out at second. Hicks doubled to right, Gardner scored. Holliday singled to center, Hicks scored. Castro singled to center, Holliday to second. Judge struck out swinging. Headley walked, Holliday to third, Castro to second. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Trumbo struck out swinging. Davis flied out to right. Mancini lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Romine struck out looking. Refsnyder doubled to left. Gardner walked. Givens pitching for Orioles. Hicks struck out looking. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Schoop doubled to left. Joseph fouled out to catcher. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Layne pitching for Yankees. Smith lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Castro flied out to right. Judge flied out to center. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gallegos pitching for Yankees. Jones struck out swinging. Machado flied out to right. Trumbo doubled to left. Davis homered to right (384 feet), Trumbo scored. Mancini flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Torreyes reached on infield single to third. Romine singled to deep right, Torreyes to third. Refsnyder grounded out to pitcher, Romine to second. Gardner grounded out to first, Torreyes scored, Romine to third. Hicks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Gallegos pitching for Yankees. Schoop lined out to center. Joseph doubled to left. Hardy struck out swinging. Holder pitching for Yankees. Smith reached on infield single to third, Joseph to third. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop, Joseph scored, Smith to second. Machado fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Rickard in left field. Wright pitching for Orioles. Holliday grounded out to third. Castro struck out swinging. Judge doubled to right. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 4 - Orioles 10.	O's Jones stars in return with homer, 5 RBIs