Orioles - Top 1st. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Smith walked. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smith out at second. Machado reached on infield single to second. Trumbo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Orioles. Anderson grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to right center. Abreu lined out to shortstop. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Davis grounded out to second. Schoop walked. Mancini reached on infield single to third, Schoop to second. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mancini out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Orioles. Frazier lined out to center. Davidson grounded out to third. García walked. Smith homered to center (426 feet), García scored. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Hardy singled to center. Smith walked, Hardy to second. Jones grounded into double play, third to first, Hardy out at third, Smith to second. Machado walked, Smith stole third. Machado batting. Machado stole second. Trumbo walked. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Kim in left field. Mancini at first base. Miley pitching for Orioles. Anderson singled to left center. Cabrera walked, Anderson to second. Abreu singled to shallow right, Anderson scored, Cabrera to third. García doubled to deep center, Cabrera and Abreu scored. Frazier fouled out to first. Davidson singled to left, García scored. Jiménez pitching for Orioles. García struck out looking. Smith singled to right, Davidson to second. Sánchez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Schoop hit by pitch. Mancini struck out swinging. Castillo singled to left, Schoop to third. Hardy fouled out to first. Smith hit ground rule double to deep center, Schoop scored, Castillo to third. Jones singled to left, Castillo scored, Smith to third. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Machado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Anderson grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. Abreu hit ground rule double to deep center, Cabrera to third. García singled to center, Cabrera and Abreu scored. Frazier struck out swinging, García stole second. Davidson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Trumbo singled to deep center. Kim grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trumbo out at second. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. García tripled to right center. Smith hit sacrifice fly to center, García scored. Sánchez grounded out to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Mancini struck out looking. Castillo struck out looking. Hardy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to third. Abreu struck out swinging. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Infante pitching for White Sox. Smith grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging. Machado grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Frazier lined out to left. Davidson homered to left center (401 feet). García singled to left. Smith lined out to left. Sánchez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Infante pitching for White Sox. Trumbo doubled to deep center. Kim singled to center, Trumbo scored. Schoop singled to left, Kim to second. Mancini homered to right (351 feet), Kim and Schoop scored. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Castillo struck out looking. Hardy flied out to center. Smith walked. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Anderson flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Abreu grounded out to pitcher, Cabrera to second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Machado singled to right. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Machado out at second. Kim fouled out to left. Schoop singled to center, Trumbo scored advancing on play. Schoop out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - White Sox 10.	Smith, Garcia power White Sox past Orioles 10-7