Orioles - Top 1st. Jorge pitching for Twins. Smith homered to center (422 feet). Machado homered to right (382 feet). Schoop struck out swinging. Jones singled to right. Trumbo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Dozier struck out swinging. Grossman lined out to center. Sanó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Jorge pitching for Twins. Mancini struck out swinging. Kim grounded out to first. Joseph flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Kepler struck out swinging. Vargas singled to deep left, Vargas out stretching at second. Rosario singled to center. Gimenez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Jorge pitching for Twins. Tejada walked. Smith singled to center, Tejada to second. Machado homered to left (382 feet), Tejada and Smith scored. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Jones lined out to right. Trumbo doubled to center. Mancini singled to left, Trumbo scored. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Kim struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Polanco flied out to center. Buxton struck out swinging. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Joseph grounded out to third. Tejada struck out swinging. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Grossman lined out to center. Sanó reached on infield single to third. Kepler reached on infield single to third, Sanó to second. Vargas singled to deep right, Sanó to third, Kepler to second. Rosario singled to center, Sanó scored, Kepler to third, Vargas to second. Gimenez hit by pitch, Kepler scored, Vargas to third, Rosario to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Buxton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Machado singled to right. Schoop grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Machado out at second. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Polanco. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Dozier tripled to deep right. Grossman doubled to right, Dozier scored. Sanó safe at first on error by first baseman Mancini, Grossman to third. Kepler singled to right, Grossman scored, Sanó to second. Castro pitching for Orioles. Vargas doubled to deep center, Sanó and Kepler scored. Rosario lined out to shortstop. Gimenez singled to center, Vargas scored. Polanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gimenez out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Mancini reached on infield single to shortstop. Pressly pitching for Twins. Kim singled to right, Mancini to second. Joseph sacrificed to third, Mancini to third, Kim to second. Tejada struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Buxton flied out to right. Dozier struck out looking. Grossman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Belisle pitching for Twins. Machado singled to deep right. Schoop struck out swinging. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Machado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Sanó struck out swinging. Hart pitching for Orioles. Kepler flied out to right. Vargas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Trumbo flied out to right. Mancini lined out to right. Rickard hit for Kim. Rickard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Rickard in left field. Britton pitching for Orioles. Rosario doubled to left. Gimenez sacrificed to third, Rosario to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at home. Polanco stole second. Buxton singled to center, Polanco scored. Dozier singled to center, Buxton scored, Dozier to second advancing on throw. Grossman lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Kintzler pitching for Twins. Joseph grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella hit for Tejada. Giavotella singled to center. Giavotella stole second. Smith grounded out to pitcher. Machado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Twins 9.	Vargas has 3 hits, 2 RBIs as Twins beat Orioles 9-6