Rangers - Top 1st. Sele pitching for Mariners. Soriano grounded out to pitcher. Blalock walked. Young singled to left, Blalock to second. Teixeira grounded out to second, Blalock to third, Young to second. Hidalgo doubled to deep left, Blalock and Young scored. Gonzalez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to shallow left. Reed grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Mench reached on infield single to third. Matthews Jr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mench out at second. Barajas singled to left. Soriano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Sexson grounded out to third. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez walked. Winn walked, Ibanez to second. Olivo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sele pitching for Mariners. Blalock singled to left. Young flied out to right. Teixeira grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Valdez lined out to right. Suzuki lined out to center. Reed grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Hidalgo flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Mench grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Sexson grounded out to pitcher. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr flied out to center. Barajas walked. Soriano grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Barajas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Ibanez flied out to center. Winn hit by pitch. Olivo singled to center, Winn to second. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Olivo out at second, Winn to third. Suzuki singled to right, Winn scored, Valdez to third. Suzuki stole second. Reed doubled to deep center, Valdez and Suzuki scored. Beltre struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Sele pitching for Mariners. Blalock walked. Young flied out to right. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Blalock out at second. Villone pitching for Mariners. Hidalgo singled to left, Teixeira to second. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to right, Teixeira scored, Hidalgo to third. Mench singled to center, Hidalgo scored, Gonzalez to third. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Sexson grounded out to second. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Boone lined out to left. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Barajas flied out to left. Soriano struck out swinging. Blalock lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Winn singled to center. Olivo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Winn out at second. Valdez doubled to deep right. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Suzuki intentionally walked. Spiezio hit for Reed. Spiezio walked, Valdez to third, Suzuki to second. Beltre singled to center, Valdez and Suzuki scored, Spiezio to second. Bloomquist in center field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Young grounded out to second. Teixeira walked. Hidalgo walked, Teixeira to second. Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson, Teixeira scored, Hidalgo to third. Mench safe at first on error by shortstop Valdez, Hidalgo scored, Gonzalez to second. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Regilio pitching for Rangers. Barajas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Regilio pitching for Rangers. Boone doubled to left. Ibanez homered to center, Boone scored. Winn singled to center. Olivo safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Regilio, Winn to third. Valdez struck out looking. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Suzuki intentionally walked. Bloomquist singled to center, Winn and Olivo scored, Suzuki to second. Beltre struck out looking. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Sexson flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Soriano flied out to center. Blalock doubled to right. Young grounded out to shortstop, Blalock to third. Teixeira flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Mariners 9.	Rangers fumble leads, lose game to Mariners