Rangers - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Dellucci struck out looking. Young doubled to deep right. Teixeira struck out looking. Blalock walked. Hidalgo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Pierre walked. Castillo lined into double play, shortstop to first, Pierre doubled off first. Cabrera walked. Delgado walked, Cabrera to second. Lowell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Nix struck out swinging. Barajas walked. Derosa grounded out to, Barajas out at second, Derosa to first. Park batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Lo Duca popped out to shortstop. Encarnacion doubled to center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Burnett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Park singled to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Park out at second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Pierre lined out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Blalock struck out looking. Hidalgo grounded out to third. Nix struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Delgado doubled to left. Lowell grounded out to second, Delgado to third. Lo Duca doubled to deep right, Delgado scored. Encarnacion singled to left, Lo Duca to third. Gonzalez singled to shallow center, Lo Duca scored, Encarnacion to second. Burnett bunted into double play, pitcher to third to first, Encarnacion out at third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Barajas doubled to deep center. Derosa grounded out to shortstop. Park singled to left, Barajas to third. Dellucci singled to right, Barajas scored, Park to second. Young struck out looking. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dellucci out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Ho Park pitching for Rangers. Pierre doubled to deep left. Castillo singled to center, Pierre to third. Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep center, Pierre scored, Castillo to third. Delgado intentionally walked. Lowell struck out swinging. Castillo scored, Cabrera to third, Delgado to second on wild pitch by Park. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Lo Duca hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Blalock flied out to left. Hidalgo flied out to center. Nix grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Dominguez pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez walked. Burnett sacrificed to first, Gonzalez to second. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Castillo reached on infield single to first, Gonzalez to third. Cabrera popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Barajas grounded out to third. Matthews Jr hit for Dominguez. Derosa walked. Loe pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr lined into double play, to first, Derosa doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Delgado walked. Lowell grounded out to, Delgado out at second, Lowell to first. Lo Duca flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young singled to shallow center. Bentz pitching for Marlins. Teixeira singled to left, Young to second. Mota pitching for Marlins. Blalock popped out to shortstop. Hidalgo singled to center, Young scored, Teixeira to second. Jones pitching for Marlins. Nix doubled to deep right, Teixeira and Hidalgo scored. Barajas singled to left center, Nix scored. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Derosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barajas out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Harris hit for Jones. Gonzalez singled to left. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Brocail. Harris walked. Pierre singled to right, Gonzalez to third, Harris to second. Castillo walked, Gonzalez scored, Harris to third, Pierre to second. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to left, Harris scored, Pierre to third, Castillo to second. Delgado struck out swinging. Lowell homered to left, Pierre, Castillo and Cabrera scored. Lo Duca doubled to left. Encarnacion singled to right, Lo Duca to third. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Conine hit for Harris. Gonzalez singled to left, Lo Duca scored, Encarnacion to second. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Mench hit for Wilson. Conine singled to right, Encarnacion thrown out at home, Gonzalez to second. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Mench grounded out to second. Dellucci flied out to left. Young singled to left. Young to second on fielder's indifference. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Marlins 12.	Marlins score seven in eighth to rock Rangers