Nationals - Top 1st. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Carroll singled to right. Guillen singled to left, Carroll to second. Johnson singled to left, Carroll scored, Guillen to second. Byrd singled to left, Guillen scored, Johnson to second. Church grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Byrd out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Nationals. Dellucci struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira hit by pitch. Blalock grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Spivey struck out looking. Bennett grounded out to second. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Nationals. Soriano singled to center. Mench walked, Soriano to second. Nix flied out to left. Hidalgo flied out to center. Alomar Jr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mench out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Wilkerson singled to left. Carroll singled to center, Wilkerson to second. Guillen struck out swinging. Johnson hit by pitch, Wilkerson to third, Carroll to second. Byrd grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Nationals. Dellucci reached on infield single to shortstop. Young flied out to right. Teixeira grounded out to first, Dellucci to second. Blalock popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Church grounded out to third. Spivey flied out to left. Bennett reached on infield single to second. Guzman singled to left, Bennett to second. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson singled to center, Bennett scored, Guzman to second, Guzman to third on error by center fielder Nix. Carroll struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out swinging. Mench struck out swinging. Nix grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Guillen struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Byrd struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Hidalgo homered to left. Alomar Jr grounded out to third. Dellucci struck out looking. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Church grounded out to pitcher. Spivey struck out looking. Bennett singled to center. Guzman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Teixeira grounded out to first. Blalock struck out swinging. Soriano singled to right. Mench struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Carroll struck out swinging. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Nix reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hidalgo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nix out at second. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Alomar Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Johnson hit by pitch. Byrd flied out to right. Standridge pitching for Rangers. Church singled to left, Johnson to second. Schneider hit for Bennett. Spivey doubled to right, Johnson scored, Church to third. Schneider intentionally walked. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Church out at home, Spivey to third, Schneider to second. Wilkerson doubled to right, Spivey, Schneider and Guzman scored. Carroll singled to center, Wilkerson scored. Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop, Carroll to second. Schneider catching. Johnson lined out to center. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira homered to right. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Blalock popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Byrd flied out to left. Church struck out swinging. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Spivey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Soriano singled to center. Mench flied out to right. Nix grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soriano out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Rangers 2.	Hughes pockets first MLB win, Nats avoid sweep at Texas