Rangers - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci doubled to left center. Young singled to right, Dellucci scored. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Blalock doubled to left, Young scored, Teixeira to third. Soriano grounded out to first, Teixeira scored, Blalock to third. Nevin struck out looking. Mench grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Damon flied out to center. Renteria singled to center. Ortiz homered to right, Renteria scored. Ramirez walked. Varitek walked, Ramirez to second. Millar flied out to left, Ramirez to third. Petagine singled to center, Ramirez scored, Varitek to second. Graffanino singled to shallow right, Varitek scored, Petagine to second. Baldwin pitching for Rangers. Cora singled to center, Petagine to third, Graffanino to second. Damon lined out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Matthews Jr singled to center. Barajas lined out to third. Dellucci singled to deep left, Matthews Jr to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dellucci out at second, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Petagine, Matthews Jr scored, Young to third. Blalock lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Baldwin pitching for Rangers. Renteria flied out to right. Ortiz grounded out to first. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Soriano singled to left. Nevin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Soriano out at second. Mench singled to right. Matthews Jr walked, Mench to second. Barajas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Baldwin pitching for Rangers. Varitek struck out looking. Millar grounded out to third. Petagine flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira walked. Blalock singled to deep right center, Teixeira to third. Soriano fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Baldwin pitching for Rangers. Graffanino singled to center. Cora singled to shallow left, Graffanino to second. Damon popped out to second. Renteria walked, Graffanino to third, Cora to second. Graffanino scored, Cora to third, Renteria to second on wild pitch by Baldwin. Ortiz walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to first, Ortiz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Nevin doubled to left. Nevin to third on wild pitch by Miller. Mench grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Matthews Jr fouled out to third. Gonzalez pitching for Red Sox. Barajas singled to left, Nevin scored, Mench to second. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Dellucci grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barajas out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Varitek struck out swinging. Millar singled to left. Petagine singled to right, Millar to third. Graffanino homered to left center, Millar and Petagine scored. Cora grounded out to first. Damon grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Young grounded out to pitcher. Teixeira struck out swinging. Blalock singled to center. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Renteria grounded out to second. Ortiz lined out to right. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Nevin flied out to center. Mench reached on infield single to third. Matthews Jr grounded out to first, Mench to second. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Varitek safe at first on error by second baseman Soriano. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Kapler hit for Petagine. Millar singled to left, Varitek to second. Kapler grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Millar out at second, Varitek to third. Graffanino intentionally walked. Graffanino stole second. Cora walked. Damon reached on infield single to second, Varitek and Graffanino scored, Cora to second. Cora stole third, Cora scored, Damon safe at second on throwing error by catcher Barajas. Millar at first base. Kapler in right field. Youkilis at third base. Cora at second base. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci struck out looking. Young singled to right. Teixeira doubled to right, Young to third. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored. Soriano singled to shallow left center, Teixeira to third. Nevin flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Ortiz struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Stern in right field. Kapler in left field. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Barajas singled to center. Dellucci grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 6 - Red Sox 11.	Graffanino sparks BoSox past Rangers