Rangers - Top 1st. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci flied out to center. Young flied out to center. Teixeira flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Damon flied out to center. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Blalock popped out to shortstop. Soriano flied out to right. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Ramirez struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to second. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Mench doubled to left. Matthews Jr doubled to deep right, Mench scored. Alomar Jr sacrificed to pitcher, Matthews Jr to third. Dellucci flied out to right. Young grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Graffanino grounded out to pitcher. Mueller grounded out to shortstop. Kapler doubled to deep left center. Boston's Nixon ejected by Miller in the 4th. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira singled to left. Blalock singled to center, Teixeira to third, Blalock out stretching at second. Soriano popped out to second. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Renteria singled to left. Ortiz singled to right, Renteria to second. Ramirez homered to left, Renteria and Ortiz scored. Varitek flied out to center. Millar reached on infield single to shortstop. Graffanino doubled to deep center, Millar to third. Mueller singled to right, Millar scored, Graffanino to third. Kapler grounded out to third, Graffanino scored, Mueller to second. Damon struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Mench grounded out to first. Matthews Jr flied out to right. Alomar Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Renteria struck out looking. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez walked. Varitek grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Dellucci struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Teixeira walked. Blalock reached on infield single to third, Teixeira to second. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Millar struck out looking. Graffanino lined out to left. Mueller singled to right. Kapler walked, Mueller to second. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kapler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Nevin flied out to right. Mench fouled out to first. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Renteria doubled to deep center. Ortiz grounded out to first, Renteria to third. Ramirez walked. Renteria scored on Brocail's wild pitch. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Varitek walked, Ramirez to second. Millar singled to right, Ramirez to third, Varitek to second. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez scored, Millar out at second, Varitek to third. Mueller grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Alomar Jr doubled to deep center. Dellucci doubled to right, Alomar Jr scored. Young flied out to right, Dellucci to third. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Teixeira hit by pitch. Bradford pitching for Red Sox. Blalock doubled to left, Dellucci scored, Teixeira to third. Soriano singled to left, Teixeira scored, Blalock to third. Soriano stole second. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Nevin grounded out to third, Blalock scored. Mench lined out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Karsay pitching for Rangers. Kapler reached on infield single to shortstop. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Damon singled to center, Kapler to third, Damon to second on error by pitcher Shouse. Renteria singled to left, Kapler scored, Damon to third. Gryboski pitching for Rangers. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Damon scored. Ramirez doubled to left, Renteria to third. Varitek intentionally walked. Millar popped out to second. Graffanino doubled to deep right, Renteria and Ramirez scored, Varitek to third. Mueller walked. Kapler hit by pitch, Varitek scored, Graffanino to third, Mueller to second. Damon walked, Graffanino scored, Mueller to third, Kapler to second. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Renteria safe at first on error by center fielder Matthews Jr, Mueller, Kapler and Damon scored. Stern in right field. Youkilis at third base. Kapler in left field. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Derosa hit for Alomar Jr. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Matthews Jr singled to center. Derosa struck out looking. McDougall hit for Young. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matthews Jr out at second. McDougall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Red Sox 16.	Red Sox rough up Rogers, Rangers