Rangers - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Dellucci popped out to shortstop. Young singled to center. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Blalock popped out to second. Soriano walked, Young to third, Teixeira to second. Mench popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Young pitching for Rangers. Guiel struck out swinging. Long batting. Long to second on wild pitch by Young. Brown walked. Stairs doubled to left, Long scored, Brown to third. Teahen struck out swinging. Berroa flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Barajas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Young pitching for Rangers. Buck struck out swinging. Huber singled to center. Hocking singled to right center, Huber to second. Guiel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hocking out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young singled to center. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to second, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Young pitching for Rangers. Long reached on infield single to third. Brown flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Long doubled off first. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Soriano struck out swinging. Mench popped out to second. Gonzalez singled to right. Matthews Jr singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Barajas popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Young pitching for Rangers. Teahen singled to center. Berroa safe at first on error by shortstop Young, Teahen to second. Buck flied out to center. Huber flied out to right, Teahen to third. Berroa stole second. Hocking singled to left, Teahen and Berroa scored. Hocking caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Guiel batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Dellucci singled to right. Young struck out looking. Teixeira singled to left, Dellucci to second. Dellucci to third, Teixeira to second on wild pitch by Greinke. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to center, Dellucci scored, Teixeira to third. Soriano grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Young pitching for Rangers. Guiel flied out to left. Long popped out to shortstop. Brown popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Mench lined out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr walked. Barajas homered to left, Matthews Jr scored. Sisco pitching for Royals. Dellucci struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Young pitching for Rangers. Stairs flied out to center. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Teahen doubled to deep left. Berroa grounded out to second, Teahen to third. Buck grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sisco pitching for Royals. Young doubled to deep left. Teixeira tripled to deep right, Young scored. Burgos pitching for Royals. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Soriano singled to left, Teixeira scored. Mench singled to center, Soriano to second. Soriano stole third, Mench stole second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Soriano scored, Mench to third. Matthews Jr doubled to deep center, Mench scored. Barajas struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Huber grounded out to first. Hocking grounded out to first. Guiel reached on infield single to second. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Nunez pitching for Royals. Long grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Dellucci fouled out to third. Young popped out to second. Teixeira grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Rangers. Brown grounded out to second. Stairs grounded out to second. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Teahen singled to right. Berroa singled to right, Teahen to second. Buck flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals. Blalock flied out to center. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. Mench flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Brocail pitching for Rangers. Huber reached on infield single to pitcher, Huber to second on throwing error by pitcher Brocail. Hocking lined out to left. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Guiel singled to right, Huber to third. Long grounded out to first, Huber scored, Guiel to second. Brown walked. Ambres ran for Stairs. Stairs walked, Guiel to third, Brown to second. Teahen doubled to deep left, Guiel, Brown and Ambres scored. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 10th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. Barajas homered to left. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Dellucci struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 10th. Wasdin pitching for Rangers. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Huber flied out to center. Hocking grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Royals 7.	Hot Rod: Barajas homers twice in Rangers' 10-inning win