Mariners - Top 1st. Loe pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Reed doubled to right. Ibanez reached on infield single to second, Reed to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Beltre walked, Ibanez to second. Dobbs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Harris pitching for Mariners. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Lopez popped out to shortstop. Betancourt doubled to deep left. Torrealba walked. Betancourt to third, Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Loe. Suzuki grounded out to first, Betancourt scored, Torrealba to third. Reed flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Harris pitching for Mariners. Blalock walked. Soriano flied out to right. Mench flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Sexson safe at first on error by pitcher Loe. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sexson safe at third on error by pitcher Loe. Dobbs hit sacrifice fly to center, Sexson scored. Lopez singled to left, Beltre to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Harris pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr singled to left. Laird walked, Matthews Jr to second. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matthews Jr to third, Laird safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt. Young singled to left, Matthews Jr scored, Laird to third, Dellucci to second. Teixeira flied out to left. Blalock hit sacrifice fly to left, Laird scored. Soriano popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Torrealba struck out swinging. Suzuki walked. Reed grounded out to first, Suzuki to second. Ibanez walked. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Harris pitching for Mariners. Mench doubled to right. Gonzalez flied out to left, Mench to third. Matthews Jr hit sacrifice fly to center, Mench scored. Laird flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Beltre flied out to center. Dobbs singled to center. Lopez popped out to second. Betancourt doubled to deep left, Dobbs thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Harris pitching for Mariners. Dellucci lined out to first. Young flied out to center. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Torrealba singled to center. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Suzuki sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at home. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Ibanez singled to right, Reed to second. Sexson walked, Reed to third, Ibanez to second. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Harris pitching for Mariners. Blalock grounded out to first. Soriano flied out to right. Mench hit by pitch. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Dobbs struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to right. Betancourt popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Harris pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Laird flied out to right. Dellucci walked. Dellucci caught stealing second, catcher to second. Santiago hit for Torrealba. Young batting. Wilson pitching for Rangers. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Santiago lined out to shortstop. Suzuki struck out looking. Ojeda catching. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Young fouled out to second. Teixeira singled to center. Blalock doubled to left, Teixeira to third. Soriano hit by pitch. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Mench hit sacrifice fly to right, Teixeira scored. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Ibanez singled to center. Sexson grounded out to shortstop, Ibanez to second. Beltre singled to right, Ibanez scored. Bubela ran for Dobbs. Hansen hit for Lopez. Dobbs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Bubela stole second. Hansen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rangers 4.	Young gets 200th hit in Rangers win