Mariners - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Suzuki singled to right. Betancourt singled to center, Suzuki to third, Suzuki scored, Betancourt to third on throwing error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Ibanez struck out looking. Sexson tripled to right, Betancourt scored. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to center, Sexson scored. Morse flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Dellucci singled to right. Young flied out to center. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dellucci out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Choo grounded out to second. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher, Torrealba to third. Betancourt doubled to deep center, Torrealba and Suzuki scored. Ibanez struck out looking. Sexson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Blalock struck out looking. Soriano singled to left. Soriano stole second. Mench singled to center, Soriano scored. Matthews Jr walked, Mench to second. Botts singled to center, Mench scored, Matthews Jr to third. Barajas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Botts out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Beltre grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Dellucci flied out to center. Young grounded out to third. Teixeira singled to center. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki tripled to deep center. Betancourt popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Soriano doubled to deep left. Mench grounded out to second, Soriano to third. Matthews Jr grounded out to first, Soriano scored. Botts singled to center. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Botts out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Ibanez popped out to second. Sexson lined out to center. Beltre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Dellucci walked. Young grounded out to third, Dellucci to second. Teixeira singled to right, Dellucci scored. Blalock struck out looking. Soriano reached on infield single to second, Teixeira to second. Mench flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Morse struck out swinging. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Choo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Botts struck out swinging. Barajas popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Rangers. Torrealba flied out to right. Suzuki struck out looking. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Dellucci grounded out to second. Young singled to center. Teixeira struck out swinging, Young stole second. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Blalock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson homered to center. Beltre lined out to left. Lopez hit by pitch. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Reed ran for Morse. Morse singled to right, Lopez to second. Reed in center field. Bubela in left field. Putz pitching for Mariners. Choo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Soriano struck out swinging. Mench grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr singled to center. Botts singled to center, Matthews Jr to second. Barajas singled to center, Matthews Jr scored, Botts thrown out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Torrealba grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Betancourt doubled to deep left center. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Derosa hit for Dellucci. Ibanez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Derosa homered to right center. Young singled to left center. Teixeira struck out looking. Blalock doubled to deep right center, Young scored. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Rangers 7.	Blalock sends fans home happy with game-ending hit