White Sox - Top 1st . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Iguchi doubled to right , Podsednik scored . Everett reached on infield single to shortstop , Iguchi to third . Konerko hit sacrifice fly double play , catcher to second , Iguchi scored , Everett out at second . Rowand flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Sanchez walked . Lugo struck out swinging , Sanchez stole second . Crawford flied out to left . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Dye popped out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Crede fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Green struck out swinging . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . Singleton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Uribe singled to left . Podsednik reached on bunt single to first , Uribe to second . Iguchi sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to third , Podsednik to second . Everett struck out looking . Konerko walked . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Hall singled to left . Cantu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hall out at second . Sanchez reached on infield single to second . Sanchez stole second . Lugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski struck out looking . Crede singled to center . Uribe lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Crawford singled to left center . Huff singled to right , Crawford to second . Green struck out swinging . Hollins grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Huff out at second , Crawford to third . Singleton doubled to right , Crawford scored , Hollins to third . Hall grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Nomo pitching for Devil Rays . Podsednik struck out swinging . Iguchi grounded out to shortstop . Everett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cantu grounded out to third . Sanchez bunt popped out foul to first . Lugo fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Konerko safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo . Rowand singled to center , Konerko to second . Dye popped out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rowand out at second , Konerko to third . Crede struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Crawford flied out to right . Huff walked . Green flied out to center . Hollins doubled to deep left center , Huff scored . Singleton singled to deep right , Hollins scored , Singleton to third on error by right fielder Dye . Hall struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Uribe fouled out to first . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cantu singled to right . Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher , Cantu to second . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Lugo walked . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Cantu to third , Lugo to second . Politte pitching for White Sox . Huff grounded out to second , Cantu scored , Lugo to third , Crawford to second . Green walked . Hollins grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Everett grounded out to second . Konerko flied out to right . Rowand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Singleton struck out swinging . Hall popped out to second . Cantu singled to center . Gonzalez at third base . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Sanchez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Devil Rays . Dye grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Crede singled to right . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Devil Rays 4 .	ChiSox 's 8 - game hot streak ends as D - Rays rally