Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Counsell popped out to shortstop . Tracy grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik reached on bunt single to catcher , Podsednik to second on throwing error by catcher Snyder . Podsednik stole third . Iguchi lined into double play , to third , Podsednik doubled off third . Rowand grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Glaus struck out swinging . Clark walked . Green singled to right , Clark to second . Cruz walked , Clark to third , Green to second . Snyder struck out swinging . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Green out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Konerko singled to right . Everett struck out looking . Dye homered to right , Konerko scored . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Crede struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Counsell flied out to right . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to third . Podsednik grounded out to second . Iguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Glaus homered to left . Clark doubled to deep left center . Green walked . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Green out at second , Clark to third . Snyder struck out swinging . Clayton tripled to deep right center , Clark and Cruz scored . Counsell flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Rowand struck out looking . Konerko homered to right . Everett flied out to center . Dye popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for White Sox . Tracy doubled to left . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Glaus singled to center , Tracy scored . Clark fouled out to first . Green homered to right , Glaus scored . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Cruz singled to right . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski singled to left . Crede struck out swinging . Uribe singled to right . Podsednik doubled to left , Uribe to third . Iguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Vizcaino pitching for White Sox . Clayton grounded out to third . Counsell flied out to left . Tracy singled to center . Gonzalez singled to left , Tracy to second . Glaus singled to center , Tracy scored , Gonzalez to second . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Clark fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Rowand singled to right . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rowand out at second , Konerko to second on throwing error by second baseman Counsell . Everett popped out to third . Dye flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cotts pitching for White Sox . Green lined out to shortstop . Cruz struck out swinging . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Crede grounded out to third . Marte pitching for White Sox . Uribe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Clayton safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe . Counsell singled to right , Clayton to second . Clayton to third , Counsell to second on wild pitch by Marte . Tracy walked . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Clayton and Counsell scored , Tracy to third . Glaus hit sacrifice fly to center , Tracy scored , Gonzalez to third . Clark struck out swinging . Green grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Podsednik grounded out to first . Iguchi walked . Rowand struck out swinging . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Takatsu pitching for White Sox . Cruz struck out looking . Snyder grounded out to second . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Everett homered to right . Dye flied out to right . Harris hit for Crede . Pierzynski struck out looking . Harris grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - White Sox 4 .	Snakebit : ChiSox suffer second straight loss to D - Backs