White Sox - Top 1st . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Podsednik bunt grounded out to first . Iguchi grounded out to first . Everett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Matthews Jr doubled to left . Young doubled to deep right , Matthews Jr scored . Teixeira singled to center , Young to third . Soriano hit sacrifice fly to left , Young scored . Mench flied out to center . Nevin struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Konerko popped out to shortstop . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Dye flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Blalock flied out to left . Barajas grounded out to first . Derosa homered to right center . Matthews Jr safe at first on error by shortstop Uribe . Young grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Rowand struck out swinging . Blum walked . Uribe singled to center , Blum to second . Podsednik grounded out to first , Blum to third , Uribe to second . Iguchi lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Teixeira singled to left . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Teixeira out at second . Mench grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Everett grounded out to first . Konerko flied out to center . Pierzynski lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Nevin safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi . Blalock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nevin out at second . Barajas grounded out to pitcher , Blalock to second . Derosa doubled to deep left , Blalock scored . Matthews Jr walked . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Derosa to third , Matthews Jr safe at second on error by second baseman Iguchi . Teixeira singled to center , Derosa and Matthews Jr scored , Young to second . Soriano struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Dye walked . Rowand grounded out to first . Blum homered to right center , Dye scored . Uribe fouled out to first . Podsednik grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Mench homered to left . Nevin struck out looking . Blalock flied out to center . Barajas flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Iguchi singled to center . Everett grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Iguchi out at second . Konerko singled to center . Pierzynski reached on infield single to shortstop , Konerko to second . Dye popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Derosa struck out swinging . Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop . Young safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi . Teixeira lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Rowand grounded out to third . Blum grounded out to second . Uribe singled to center . Podsednik grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Soriano singled to center . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soriano out at second . Nevin grounded out to pitcher , Mench to second . Blalock grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Dominguez pitching for Rangers . Iguchi struck out swinging . Everett singled to center . Konerko lined out to third . Bajenaru pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Bajenaru pitching for White Sox . Barajas struck out swinging . Derosa grounded out to third . Matthews Jr singled to left . Karsay pitching for Rangers . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Karsay pitching for Rangers . Dye singled to right . Rowand singled to right , Dye to second . Blum grounded out to second , Dye to third , Rowand to second . Uribe singled to left , Dye scored , Rowand to third . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher , Rowand scored , Uribe to second . Brocail pitching for Rangers . Iguchi singled to center , Uribe scored . Everett grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Rangers 7 .	Teixera keys Rangers win over slumping ChiSox