White Sox - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Royals . Podsednik tripled to deep right center . Iguchi grounded out to third . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Everett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ambres flied out to left . Long struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Royals . Rowand walked . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski flied out to right . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Stairs walked . Brown grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stairs out at second . Teahen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Royals . Crede grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik flied out to left . Iguchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Berroa struck out swinging , Berroa safe at first on wild pitch by Contreras . Buck singled to center , Berroa to second . Blanco sacrificed to third , Berroa to third , Blanco safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Crede . Berroa scored on throwing error by third baseman Crede . J Buck tagged out at home . Ambres walked . Long lined into double play , shortstop to first , Ambres doubled off first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Royals . Konerko struck out swinging . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Rowand doubled to deep left . Rowand to third on wild pitch by Wood . Dye doubled to deep right center , Rowand scored , Dye to third on error by right fielder Brown . Pierzynski singled to center , Dye scored . Uribe doubled to center , Pierzynski scored . Crede walked . Podsednik grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Sweeney popped out to shortstop . Stairs flied out to center . Brown singled to center . Snyder pitching for Royals . Teahen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Snyder pitching for Royals . Iguchi lined out to shortstop . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Everett reached on infield single to second . Rowand doubled to deep right , Everett scored . Dye grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Berroa flied out to right . Buck struck out swinging . Blanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Snyder pitching for Royals . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Uribe doubled to deep left . Crede flied out to left . Podsednik safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Berroa , Uribe scored . Iguchi grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ambres reached on infield single to third . Long singled to right , Ambres to second . Sweeney doubled to deep right , Ambres scored , Long to third . Stairs walked . Long scored , Sweeney to third , Stairs to second on wild pitch by Contreras . Brown struck out swinging . Teahen struck out swinging . Politte pitching for White Sox . Berroa reached on infield single to second , Sweeney scored , Stairs to third . Sisco pitching for Royals . Buck grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Sisco pitching for Royals . Konerko flied out to right . Everett flied out to right . Rowand doubled to deep left center . Dye walked . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Politte pitching for White Sox . Blanco bunt grounded out to pitcher . Ambres struck out looking . Burgos pitching for Royals . Long struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Uribe flied out to left . Crede doubled to deep right center . Podsednik singled to center , Crede scored , Podsednik out stretching at second . Iguchi singled to right . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Konerko fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Sweeney reached on infield single to pitcher , Sweeney to second on throwing error by pitcher Jenks . Stairs flied out to left . Brown grounded out to shortstop . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Rowand singled to center . Rowand stole second . Dye flied out to left , Rowand to third . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Berroa walked . Diaz hit for Blanco . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Berroa out at second . Diaz struck out swinging . Buck to second on fielder 's indifference . Ambres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Royals 4 .	Contreras wins fifth straight start as ChiSox down Royals