Marlins - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Coghlan singled to center. Helms fouled out to first. Ramirez flied out to left. Cantu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Morgan walked. Kennedy singled to right, Morgan to third. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Morgan scored, Kennedy out at second. Dunn singled to right. Willingham walked, Dunn to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at third, Willingham to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Uggla popped out to second. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Ross walked. Petersen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Bernadina struck out swinging. Desmond reached on infield single to third. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Desmond to second. Morgan lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Coghlan singled to center. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to third, Coghlan out at second. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Kennedy walked. Kennedy to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dunn singled to left, Kennedy scored. Willingham struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Cantu singled to center. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cantu out at second. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Uggla out at second. Ross singled to center, Baker to second. Petersen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Bernadina bunt grounded out to third. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Desmond to second. Morgan hit by pitch. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Helms struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman lined out to shortstop. Dunn doubled to right. Willingham walked. Leroux pitching for Marlins. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ramirez homered to right (388 feet). Cantu grounded out to second. Uggla grounded out to third. Baker struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Leroux pitching for Marlins. Bernadina singled to right. Desmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bernadina out at second. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ross grounded out to pitcher. Petersen flied out to center. Maybin hit for Leroux. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Morgan struck out swinging. Kennedy struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Coghlan singled to center. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Helms singled to right, Coghlan to second. Ramirez walked, Coghlan to third, Helms to second. Cantu hit sacrifice fly to left, Coghlan scored. Uggla struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham homered to left center (389 feet). Rodriguez flied out to center. Bernadina reached on infield single to third. Bernadina stole second. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Kennedy at first base. Gonzalez at second base. Taveras in left field. Capps pitching for Nationals. Ross flied out to left. Petersen flied out to center. Sanchez hit for Hensley. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 2 - Nationals 3.	Clippard wins another as Willingham spurs Nats