Marlins - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Coghlan lined out to left. Sanchez homered to left (392 feet). Ramirez struck out looking. Cantu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Victorino grounded out to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Uggla flied out to center. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Stanton reached on infield single to second. Paulino doubled to deep left center, Stanton scored. Volstad grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Howard walked. Francisco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Howard out at second. Ibanez singled to center. Valdez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez, Ibanez to third. Ruiz intentionally walked. Kendrick grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Coghlan lined out to second. Sanchez safe at first on error by first baseman Howard. Ramirez homered to left (429 feet) Sanchez scored. Cantu flied out to center. Uggla flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Victorino grounded out to second. Polanco popped out to second. Utley singled to right. Howard homered to left center (428 feet), Utley scored. Francisco singled to left center. Francisco stole second. Ibanez singled to left, Francisco scored. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Volstad. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ross walked. Stanton struck out swinging. Paulino singled to left, Ross to second. Volstad sacrificed to third, Ross to third, Paulino to second, Volstad safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick. Ross to third on throwing error by pitcher Kendrick. Coghlan singled to center, Ross and Paulino scored, Volstad to second. Sanchez flied out to right. Ramirez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Ruiz flied out to right. Kendrick grounded out to third. Victorino homered to right (349 feet). Polanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Cantu grounded out to third. Uggla struck out swinging. Ross grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Utley singled to deep right. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Utley safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Francisco walked, Utley to third, Howard to second. Ibanez reached on infield single to shortstop, Utley scored, Howard to third, Francisco to second. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Valdez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Howard scored, Ibanez out at second, Francisco to third. Ruiz flied out to center. Gload hit for Kendrick. Gload flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Stanton flied out to right. Paulino struck out swinging. Bonifacio hit for Sanches. Bonifacio grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Sosa pitching for Marlins. Victorino walked. Polanco singled to right, Victorino to third. Utley hit sacrifice fly to left, Victorino scored. Howard singled to deep right, Polanco to third. Francisco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Howard out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Coghlan tripled to deep right. Sanchez reached on infield single to third. Ramirez struck out looking. Cantu doubled to deep right center, Coghlan scored, Sanchez to third. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. Ross grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Ibanez struck out swinging. Valdez flied out to right. Ruiz walked. Dobbs hit for Durbin. Dobbs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Stanton singled to right. Paulino flied out to center. Helms hit for VandenHurk. Helms tripled to deep right, Stanton scored. Coghlan struck out swinging. Sanchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hensley pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Helms at third base. Victorino struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Utley hit by pitch, Polanco to second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to first, Polanco to third, Utley to second. Francisco singled to center, Polanco and Utley scored. Ibanez singled to right, Francisco to third. Valdez reached on infield single to third, Francisco scored, Ibanez to second. Ruiz grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Ramirez singled to left. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla struck out swinging. Ramirez to second on fielder's indifference. Ross walked. Stanton reached on infield single to second, Ramirez to third, Ross to second. Paulino popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Phillies 10.	Stanton 3-for-5 in Marlins debut; Phillies win