Mets - Top 1st . Soroka pitching for Braves . McNeil grounded out to pitcher . Alonso struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Acuña Jr. homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Swanson lined out to right . Freeman singled to left . Donaldson singled to left , Freeman to second . Freeman scored on error by first baseman Alonso , Markakis safe at first on error by first baseman Alonso , Donaldson to second , Donaldson safe at third on error by first baseman Alonso . Riley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Soroka pitching for Braves . Conforto singled to left . Ramos grounded into double play , third to second to first , Conforto out at second . Frazier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . McCann singled to center . Albies lined out to center . Soroka grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCann out at second . Acuña Jr. popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Soroka pitching for Braves . Rosario singled to left . Rosario stole second . Lagares struck out swinging . Wheeler walked . McNeil grounded out to first , Wheeler to second , Rosario to third . Alonso singled to left , Rosario scored , Wheeler to third . Canó grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Swanson popped out to first . Freeman struck out , Freeman to first on wild pitch by Wheeler . Donaldson singled to center , Freeman to second . Markakis lined out to center . Riley lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Soroka pitching for Braves . Conforto fouled out to third . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Frazier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . McCann singled to deep right . Albies struck out swinging . Soroka grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McCann out at second . Acuña Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soroka out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Soroka pitching for Braves . Rosario doubled to right center . Lagares grounded out to second , Rosario to third . Wheeler reached on infield single to shortstop , Rosario scored . McNeil grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wheeler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Swanson walked . Freeman singled to right , Swanson to second . Freeman to second on wild pitch by Wheeler , Swanson to third on wild pitch by Wheeler . Donaldson flied out to center . Markakis singled to left , Swanson scored and Freeman scored . Riley lined out to left . McCann walked , Markakis to second . Albies singled to center , Markakis scored , McCann to second . Soroka grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Soroka pitching for Braves . Alonso lined out to right . Canó homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Conforto grounded out to shortstop . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Acuña Jr. singled to left center . Acuña Jr. picked off first . Swanson struck out swinging . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Braves . Frazier flied out to left . Rosario flied out to right . Lagares walked . Smith hit for Wheeler . Minter pitching for Braves . Smith walked , Lagares to second . McNeil grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Familia pitching for Mets . Donaldson flied out to center . Markakis singled to center . Riley walked , Markakis to second . McCann walked , Riley to second , Markakis to third . Gagnon pitching for Mets . Albies singled to right , Markakis scored and Riley scored , McCann to second . Joyce hit for Minter . Joyce singled to right center , Albies to second , McCann to third . Acuña Jr. reached on infield single to third , McCann scored , Joyce to second , Albies to third . Swanson popped out to second . Freeman walked , Albies scored , Acuña Jr. to second , Joyce to third . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freeman out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Blevins pitching for Braves . Alonso lined out to center . Canó grounded out to first . Conforto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Gagnon pitching for Mets . Markakis grounded out to first . Riley walked . McCann homered to right ( 405 feet ) , Riley scored . Albies homered to right ( 421 feet ) . Culberson hit for Blevins . Culberson grounded out to third . Acuña Jr. walked . Pounders pitching for Mets . Swanson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Dayton pitching for Braves . Culberson in left field . Ramos singled to center . Hechavarria ran for Ramos . Frazier walked , Hechavarria to second . Rosario struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . Davis hit for Pounders . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Braves 12 .	Soroka wins 8th straight decision , Braves mash Mets