Marlins - Top 1st . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Rojas flied out to center . Berti doubled to center . Díaz grounded out to second , Berti to third . Anderson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Noesi pitching for Marlins . McNeil struck out swinging . Davis singled to center . Alonso walked , Davis to second . Ramos flied out to center , Davis to third . Frazier doubled to deep left , Davis scored , Alonso to third . Guillorme flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Cooper singled to center . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cooper out at second . Brinson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Noesi pitching for Marlins . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . Lagares popped out to second . Wheeler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Alfaro grounded out to third . Noesí singled to right . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Noesí out at second , Rojas out at second in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Granderson in left field . Berti at shortstop . Noesi pitching for Marlins . McNeil walked . Davis walked , McNeil to second . Alonso struck out looking . Ramos homered to center ( 427 feet ) , McNeil scored and Davis scored . Frazier popped out to second . Guillorme flied out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Berti doubled to right . Díaz struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to shortstop , Berti to third . Cooper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Noesi pitching for Marlins . Hechavarria flied out to center . Lagares flied out to center . Wheeler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Castro grounded out to first . Brinson singled to right . Alfaro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brinson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Noesi pitching for Marlins . McNeil singled to right . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McNeil out at second . Alonso homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Prado hit for Noesí . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Prado singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Prado out at second . Berti grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson safe at second on error by second baseman Guillorme . Díaz struck out looking . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 6th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Frazier struck out swinging . Guillorme grounded out to second . Hechavarria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Cooper singled to center . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Cooper to second . Brinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second , Cooper to third . Alfaro struck out swinging . Ramírez hit for Conley . Ramírez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Quijada pitching for Marlins . Lagares popped out to shortstop . Wheeler struck out looking . McNeil singled to center . Davis doubled to deep left , McNeil to third . Altherr ran for Davis . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Altherr in left field . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Granderson walked . Berti grounded out to third , Granderson to second . Díaz struck out swinging . Anderson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Stanek pitching for Marlins . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Frazier struck out looking . Guillorme doubled to deep right . Hechavarria flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Cooper hit by pitch . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cooper out at second . Brinson singled to right , Castro to second . Alfaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brinson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 0 - Mets 5 .	Wheeler lifts Mets over Marlins 5 - 0 for 12th win in 13 games