Mets - Top 1st . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Rosario singled to center . Rosario to second on wild pitch by Montgomery . Davis lined out to second . Alonso grounded out to third . Conforto hit by pitch . Frazier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Merrifield grounded out to third . Gordon flied out to center . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Lagares struck out swinging . Panik singled to center . Nido walked , Panik to second . Tejada lined into double play , right to shortstop , Panik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Soler doubled to deep center . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Starling struck out looking . O'Hearn fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Rosario flied out to right . Davis singled to left . Alonso grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis out at second , Davis safe at second on error by second baseman Merrifield . Conforto singled to left center , Davis scored , Alonso to third . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conforto out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Viloria grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Merrifield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Lagares struck out swinging . Panik grounded out to second . Nido grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Gordon grounded out to second . Dozier flied out to center . Soler walked . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Tejada struck out looking . Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Starling struck out looking . O'Hearn singled to right . Viloria doubled to deep right , O'Hearn scored , Viloria safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Panik . Lopez doubled to third , Viloria scored . Merrifield flied out to right . Gordon grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Alonso walked . Conforto flied out to right . Alonso to second on wild pitch by Montgomery . Frazier flied out to right . Lagares flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Syndergaard pitching for Mets . Dozier doubled to right center . Soler walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soler out at second , Dozier to third . Starling struck out looking . Phillips stole second . O'Hearn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Panik popped out to shortstop . Nido struck out swinging . Guillorme hit for Tejada . Guillorme struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Guillorme at third base . Wilson pitching for Mets . Viloria struck out looking . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Rosario grounded out to third . Davis reached on infield single to third . Altherr ran for Davis . Alonso flied out to right . Hill pitching for Royals . Conforto grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Altherr in left field . Brach pitching for Mets . Gordon singled to right . Dozier singled to right center , Dozier to second , Gordon to third . Soler walked . Díaz pitching for Mets . Phillips walked , Gordon scored , Soler to second , Dozier to third . Starling singled to center , Dozier scored , Phillips to second , Soler to third . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Viloria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Starling out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Frazier singled to center . Lagares struck out swinging . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Frazier out at second . Ramos hit for Nido . Ramos singled to right , Panik to second . Guillorme walked , Ramos to second , Panik to third . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guillorme out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 1 - Royals 4 .	Montgomery outpitches Syndergaard as Royals top Mets 4 - 1