Mets - Top 1st . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Rosario singled to right . Rosario caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Panik tripled to deep left . Alonso intentionally walked . Conforto homered to right ( 452 feet ) , Panik scored and Alonso scored . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Frazier grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Merrifield struck out swinging . Lopez fouled out to third . Dozier walked . Soler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Lagares flied out to left . Altherr struck out swinging . Nido struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . O'Hearn lined out to second . Cuthbert flied out to center . Starling grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Rosario fouled out to right . Panik lined out to right . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Phillips popped out to shortstop . Dini struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Conforto walked . Ramos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conforto out at second . Frazier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Lopez grounded out to first . Dozier doubled to left . Soler reached first base on catcher 's interference , Soler to first on error by catcher Nido . Soler to second on wild pitch by Wheeler , Dozier to third on wild pitch by Wheeler . O'Hearn grounded out to second , Dozier scored , Soler to third . Cuthbert grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Lagares struck out swinging . Altherr flied out to right . Nido grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Starling singled to left . Phillips singled to center , Starling to second . Dini sacrificed , Dini to first , Phillips to second , Starling to third . Merrifield singled to center , Starling scored , Dini to second , Phillips to third . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Phillips scored , Merrifield out at second , Dini to third . Dozier hit sacrifice fly to right , Dini scored . Soler grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Rosario lined out to center . Panik singled to left center . Alonso singled to center , Panik to second . Conforto grounded out to first , Alonso to second , Panik to third . Ramos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Familia pitching for Mets . O'Hearn flied out to left . Cuthbert lined out to right . Starling grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Frazier doubled to right . Lagares sacrificed to pitcher , Frazier to third . Davis hit for Altherr . Davis singled to right , Frazier scored . Nido doubled to shallow right , Davis to third . Tejada ran for Davis . Rosario singled to center , Tejada scored and Nido scored . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Panik singled to center , Rosario to second . Alonso doubled to deep right , Rosario scored , Panik to third . Conforto singled to left , Panik scored , Alonso to third . Ramos singled to right , Alonso scored , Conforto to third . Staumont pitching for Royals . Ramos out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Frazier struck out looking . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rosario in left field . Tejada at shortstop . Familia pitching for Mets . Phillips doubled to deep right . Dini lined out to second . Merrifield flied out to left , Phillips to third . Lopez singled to left , Phillips scored . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Lagares struck out swinging . Tejada flied out to center . Nido doubled to deep right . Rosario doubled to right , Nido scored . Panik grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Brach pitching for Mets . Soler struck out looking . O'Hearn fouled out to shortstop . Cuthbert grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Royals . Alonso homered to left ( 418 feet ) . Conforto grounded out to first . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Frazier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Díaz pitching for Mets . Starling grounded out to pitcher . Phillips struck out swinging . Dini struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 11 - Royals 5 .	Alonso breaks NL rookie HR record , Mets crown Royals 11 - 5