Twins - Top 1st . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Garlick grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson grounded out to third . Cruz homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Garver grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to right . Madrigal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Moncada doubled to right . Abreu tripled to deep center , Moncada scored . Mercedes singled to center , Abreu scored . Grandal fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to center . Sanó struck out swinging . Kepler walked , Polanco to second . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kepler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Twins . Vaughn walked . Hamilton tripled to deep center , Vaughn scored . Hamilton scored on Happ wild pitch . Mendick flied out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . Madrigal grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Arraez reached on infield single to shortstop . Garlick doubled to deep left , Arraez to third . Donaldson singled to right , Arraez scored and Garlick scored . Cruz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Donaldson out at second . Garver grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Twins . Moncada struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to third . Mercedes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Polanco flied out to left . Sanó grounded out to third . Kepler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Twins . Grandal walked . Vaughn homered to center ( 436 feet ) , Grandal scored . Hamilton doubled to center . Mendick struck out swinging . Hamilton stole third . Anderson singled to shallow right center , Hamilton scored . Madrigal doubled to right , Anderson to third . Anderson pitching for Twins . Moncada lined out to second . Abreu singled to left , Anderson scored and Madrigal scored , Abreu to second . Mercedes struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Simmons grounded out to first . Arraez grounded out to second . Garlick fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Twins . Grandal homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Vaughn safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Hamilton reached on infield single to shortstop , Vaughn to second . Mendick popped out to third . Anderson hit by pitch , Hamilton to second , Vaughn to third . Madrigal struck out looking . Moncada singled to right center , Hamilton scored and Vaughn scored , Anderson to third . Abreu struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Keuchel pitching for White Sox . Donaldson grounded out to second . Cruz singled to shallow center . Garver singled to shallow left , Cruz to second . Garver to second on wild pitch by Keuchel , Cruz to third on wild pitch by Keuchel . Polanco reached on infield single to third , Cruz scored . Sanó popped out to first . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Kepler walked , Polanco to second , Garver to third . Simmons walked , Garver scored , Kepler to second , Polanco to third . Arraez singled to center , Kepler scored and Polanco scored , Simmons to third . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Garlick struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Polanco at shortstop . Cave in left field . Arraez at second base . Anderson pitching for Twins . Mercedes popped out to second . Grandal walked . Duffey pitching for Twins . Vaughn struck out swinging . Hamilton singled to right , Grandal to third . Eaton hit for Mendick . Grandal scored , Hamilton to second on passed ball by Garver . Eaton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Eaton in right field . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Donaldson singled to right . Cruz grounded out to first , Donaldson to second . Garver singled to left , Donaldson to third . Polanco grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Garver out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Colomé pitching for Twins . Anderson flied out to right . Madrigal flied out to center . Moncada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Sanó struck out swinging . Kepler lined out to first . Cave flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Law pitching for Twins . Abreu lined out to left . Mercedes walked . Grandal struck out swinging . Vaughn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Arraez safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Anderson . Larnach hit for Garlick . Larnach doubled to right , Arraez to third . Donaldson singled to right , Arraez scored , Larnach to third . Cruz struck out swinging . Garver struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 8 - White Sox 13 .	Vaughh hits 1st HR , White Sox top Twins 13 - 8 , win 5th in row