Athletics - Top 1st . Maeda pitching for Twins . Canha singled to center . Brown struck out swinging . Laureano grounded into double play , second to first , Canha out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Arraez fouled out to left . Donaldson grounded out to third . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Olson doubled to deep center . Chapman singled to right center , Olson scored , Chapman thrown out at second . Lowrie grounded out to first . Pinder struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Cruz struck out swinging . Larnach singled to right . Sanó hit by pitch , Larnach to second . Kepler homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Larnach scored and Sanó scored . Astudillo hit by pitch . Simmons walked , Astudillo to second . Arraez lined out to center . Donaldson grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Murphy lined out to pitcher . Andrus walked . Canha fouled out to first . Brown popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Polanco singled to center . Cruz doubled to left , Polanco to third . Larnach struck out looking . Sanó walked . Kepler hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored . Astudillo flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Rortvedt catching . Maeda pitching for Twins . Laureano grounded out to third . Olson flied out to left . Chapman singled to center . Lowrie lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Simmons grounded out to third . Arraez grounded out to second . Donaldson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Pinder doubled to deep right center . Murphy singled to deep left center , Pinder scored . Andrus singled to right , Murphy to second . Canha singled to left , Andrus to second , Murphy to third . Duffey pitching for Twins . Brown grounded out to second , Murphy scored , Canha to second , Andrus to third . Laureano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus scored on interference by catcher Rortvedt , Canha safe at third on error . Olson walked , Laureano to second . Chapman hit sacrifice fly to right , Canha scored , Laureano to third . Lowrie flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Bassitt pitching for Athletics . Polanco struck out swinging . Cruz fouled out to first . Larnach singled to right center . Sanó singled to left , Larnach to second . Kepler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Pinder struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Athletics . Rortvedt singled to center . Simmons grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rortvedt out at second . Arraez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Canha struck out swinging . Brown walked . Laureano walked , Brown to second . Olson singled to right center , Laureano to second , Brown to third . Chapman reached on infield single to third , Brown scored , Olson to second , Laureano to third . Lowrie grounded into double play , third to first , Olson out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Romo pitching for Athletics . Donaldson walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Donaldson out at second . Polanco stole second . Cruz flied out to right . Larnach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Anderson pitching for Twins . Pinder struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to deep left . Andrus flied out to right . Canha popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Romo pitching for Athletics . Sanó struck out swinging . Diekman pitching for Athletics . Kepler doubled to deep right center . Garver hit for Rortvedt . Kepler to third on wild pitch by Diekman . Garver struck out swinging . Simmons homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Kepler scored . Arraez singled to shallow left . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Donaldson grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Piscotty hit for Brown . Refsnyder in center field . Garver catching . Rogers pitching for Twins . Piscotty struck out looking . Laureano singled to left . Olson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Laureano to second , Laureano safe at third on error by third baseman Donaldson . Chapman struck out swinging , Laureano scored on Rogers wild pitch , Olson to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Lowrie flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 9th . Piscotty in right field . Trivino pitching for Athletics . Polanco popped out to third . Cruz flied out to left . Larnach singled to right . Sanó lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Twins 6 .	Wild pitch in the 9th lifts Athletics past Twins 7 - 6