Yankees - Top 1st . Pineda pitching for Twins . LeMahieu doubled to deep right . Judge grounded out to third . Torres grounded out to third . Stanton grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Garlick struck out swinging . Donaldson reached on infield single to third . Polanco flied out to center . Sanó singled to right , Donaldson to third . Jeffers doubled to left , Donaldson scored and Sanó scored . Larnach struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Pineda pitching for Twins . Urshela lined out to right . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Odor bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Refsnyder singled to left . Astudillo lined out to right . Simmons singled to center , Refsnyder to second . Garlick struck out looking . Donaldson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Pineda pitching for Twins . Andújar lined out to third . Gardner lined out to second . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Polanco grounded out to first . Sanó lined out to right . Jeffers singled to right . Larnach grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Judge struck out swinging . Torres popped out to shortstop . Stanton singled to left . Urshela safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Pineda , Stanton to second . Sánchez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 4th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Refsnyder grounded out to third . Astudillo popped out to first . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Pineda pitching for Twins . Odor grounded out to second . Andújar walked . Gardner singled to right center , Andújar to second . LeMahieu singled to left , Gardner to second , Andújar to third . Judge walked , Andújar scored , LeMahieu to second , Gardner to third . Alcala pitching for Twins . Gardner scored on Alcala wild pitch , Judge to second on wild pitch by Alcala , LeMahieu to third on wild pitch by Alcala . Torres lined out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Garlick struck out swinging . Donaldson grounded out to third . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Alcala pitching for Twins . Urshela struck out swinging . Sánchez singled to left . Colomé pitching for Twins . Odor doubled to deep right , Sánchez to third . Andújar safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Astudillo . Gardner hit sacrifice fly to left , Sánchez scored . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 6th . Montgomery pitching for Yankees . Sanó grounded out to second . Jeffers struck out swinging . Larnach singled to left . Larnach to second on wild pitch by Montgomery . Refsnyder doubled to deep center , Larnach scored . Kirilloff ran for Refsnyder . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Astudillo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Garlick in center field . Kirilloff in right field . Farrell pitching for Twins . Judge lined out to center . Torres singled to center . Stanton singled to right , Torres to third . Urshela flied out to second . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Loaisiga pitching for Yankees . Simmons grounded out to second . Garlick grounded out to second . Donaldson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Frazier hit for Odor . Rogers pitching for Twins . Frazier singled to right center . Andújar reached on infield single to first , Frazier to second . Wade ran for Frazier . Gardner sacrificed to catcher , Andújar to second , Wade to third . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wade scored , Andújar safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Polanco . Judge grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andújar scored on error , LeMahieu safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Simmons . Torres reached on infield single , Judge to second , LeMahieu to third . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torres out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Wade at second base . Green pitching for Yankees . Polanco popped out to second . Sanó struck out swinging . Jeffers flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Jax pitching for Twins . Urshela singled to right center . Sánchez homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Urshela scored . Wade struck out swinging . Andújar homered to left ( 449 feet ) . Gardner lined out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Peralta pitching for Yankees . Larnach singled to center . Kirilloff singled to left , Larnach to second . Astudillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Larnach scored on throwing error by second baseman Wade , Astudillo to second , Kirilloff safe at second on error . Simmons grounded out to third . Garlick grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 8 - Twins 4 .	Sánchez homers , Yankees snap skid with 8 - 4 win over Twins