Twins - Top 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Polanco flied out to center . Donaldson walked . Cruz reached on infield single to third , Donaldson to second . Larnach struck out swinging . Jeffers grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Moncada , Donaldson to third . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Anderson flied out to center . Moncada singled to left . Abreu singled to shallow left , Moncada to second . Grandal grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Kirilloff struck out swinging . Celestino popped out to first . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Goodwin homered to right center ( 425 feet ) . Vaughn flied out to center . Sheets doubled to deep left . Mendick hit by pitch . Collins flied out to left . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sheets out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Moncada singled to right . Abreu singled to shallow right , Moncada to third . Grandal singled to shallow left , Moncada scored , Abreu to second . Goodwin flied out to right . Vaughn singled to right , Grandal to second , Abreu to third . Sheets hit sacrifice fly to left , Abreu scored . Mendick lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Hamilton in center field . Goodwin in left field . Vaughn at third base . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Larnach struck out swinging . Jeffers struck out swinging . Sanó flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Collins walked . Anderson reached on infield single to third , Collins to second . Hamilton lined out to third . Abreu grounded into double play , second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Kirilloff doubled to deep center . Celestino singled to left , Kirilloff scored on throwing error by left fielder Goodwin , Celestino to second . Simmons doubled to left , Celestino scored . Polanco reached on bunt single to catcher , Simmons to third . Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to center , Simmons scored . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Rodón . Cruz singled to left , Polanco scored . Larnach struck out swinging . Jeffers walked , Cruz to second . Sanó struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Grandal safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Polanco . Goodwin doubled to center , Grandal to third . Vaughn hit sacrifice fly to left , Grandal scored . Sheets flied out to left . Mendick popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Kirilloff lined out to left . Celestino walked . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Celestino out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Alcala pitching for Twins . Collins homered to center ( 410 feet ) . Anderson lined out to second . Hamilton doubled to deep left . Hamilton stole third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Hamilton scored . Grandal grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Polanco popped out to shortstop . Donaldson walked . Cruz walked , Donaldson to second . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Larnach struck out swinging . Jeffers walked , Cruz to second , Donaldson to third . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Robles pitching for Twins . Goodwin walked . Vaughn singled to left , Goodwin to second . Sheets struck out swinging . Mendick singled to right center , Goodwin scored , Vaughn to third . Law pitching for Twins . Collins singled to center , Vaughn scored , Mendick to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Collins stole second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . García at third base . Burr pitching for White Sox . Kirilloff singled to right . Arraez hit for Celestino . Arraez flied out to left . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kirilloff out at second . Polanco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Gordon in center field . Law pitching for Twins . Abreu grounded out to third . Grandal lined out to second . Goodwin fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Hendriks pitching for White Sox . Donaldson popped out to first . Cruz lined out to left . Larnach doubled to left center . Larnach to third on wild pitch by Hendriks . Jeffers singled to right , Larnach scored . Sanó struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 5 - White Sox 8 .	Collins , White Sox complete sweep of Twins with 8 - 5 win