Tigers - Top 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Baddoo flied out to left . Schoop grounded out to third . Grossman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Arraez grounded out to first . Donaldson grounded out to third . Larnach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . Haase flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Cruz reached on infield single to third . Kirilloff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cruz out at second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kirilloff out at second . Polanco stole second . Kepler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Castro struck out swinging . Short popped out to second . Rogers walked . Baddoo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Jeffers walked . Simmons lined into double play , center to first , Jeffers doubled off first . Arraez reached on infield single to shortstop . Donaldson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Schoop struck out swinging . Grossman walked . Cabrera struck out looking , Grossman caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Larnach struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . Kirilloff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Candelario grounded out to second . Haase struck out looking . Castro singled to center . Short walked , Castro to second . Rogers walked , Short to second , Castro to third . Baddoo singled to left , Castro scored and Short scored , Baddoo to second , Rogers to third . Schoop singled to right , Rogers scored and Baddoo scored . Grossman grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Tigers . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Kepler homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Rortvedt hit for Jeffers . Rortvedt walked . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rortvedt out at second . Arraez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Rortvedt catching . Berrios pitching for Twins . Cabrera grounded out to third . Candelario lined out to center . Haase struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Donaldson fouled out to first . Larnach walked . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Larnach out at second . Kirilloff walked , Cruz to second . Polanco singled to right , Cruz scored , Kirilloff to third . Kepler walked , Polanco to second . Norris pitching for Tigers . Rortvedt lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Castro grounded out to second . Short struck out looking . Rogers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Simmons walked . Arraez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Simmons out at second . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Donaldson walked , Arraez to second . Larnach struck out swinging . Cruz walked , Donaldson to second , Arraez to third . Soto pitching for Tigers . Arraez scored on Soto wild pitch , Cruz to second on wild pitch by Soto , Donaldson to third on wild pitch by Soto . Kirilloff singled to left , Donaldson scored , Cruz to third . Polanco singled to center , Cruz scored , Kirilloff to second . Kepler singled to right , Kirilloff scored , Polanco to third . Rortvedt fouled out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Alcala pitching for Twins . Baddoo homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Schoop singled to shallow left . Grossman flied out to center . Cabrera struck out looking . Robles pitching for Twins . Candelario lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Simmons singled to shallow center . Arraez grounded out to second , Simmons to second . Donaldson doubled to deep center , Simmons scored . Larnach struck out looking . Cruz intentionally walked . Holland pitching for Tigers . Kirilloff singled to shallow right , Donaldson scored , Cruz to second . Polanco popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Haase singled to right . Castro hit for Castro . Castro doubled to right , Haase to third . Short walked . Rogers homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Haase scored , Castro scored and Short scored . Baddoo struck out looking . Schoop struck out swinging . Grossman struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Castro at second base . Holland pitching for Tigers . Kepler grounded out to shortstop . Rortvedt homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Simmons struck out swinging . Arraez walked . Donaldson walked , Arraez to second . Larnach grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 10th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Cabrera struck out swinging . Candelario intentionally walked . Haase struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 10th . Holland pitching for Tigers . Cruz intentionally walked . Kirilloff popped out to shortstop . Polanco homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Larnach scored and Cruz scored . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - Twins 12 .	Polanco , Twins overcome late slam , walk off to sweep Tigers