Brewers - Top 1st . Barnes pitching for Twins . Wong flied out to left . Adames flied out to left . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Houser pitching for Brewers . Arraez struck out looking . Buxton grounded out to third . Polanco reached on infield single to first . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Barnes pitching for Twins . García grounded out to shortstop . Urías lined out to center . Cain safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson , Cain safe at second on error . Tellez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Houser pitching for Brewers . Kepler grounded out to shortstop . Sanó lined out to right . Rooker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Barnes pitching for Twins . Piña grounded out to third . Peterson singled to left center . Wong grounded out to second , Peterson to second . Adames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Houser pitching for Brewers . Jeffers struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to third . Arraez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Barnes pitching for Twins . Yelich flied out to center . García grounded out to shortstop . Urías flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Buxton grounded out to shortstop . Polanco doubled to deep center . Donaldson singled to center , Polanco to third . Kepler walked , Donaldson to second . Sanó doubled to center , Polanco scored and Donaldson scored , Kepler to third . Rooker walked . Jeffers grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rooker to second , Sanó to third , Kepler out at home . Simmons hit by pitch , Sanó scored , Jeffers to second , Rooker to third . Arraez walked , Rooker scored , Simmons to second , Jeffers to third . Buxton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Barnes pitching for Twins . Cain walked . Tellez singled to right , Cain to third . Piña singled to left , Cain scored , Tellez to second . Peterson singled to left , Tellez scored , Piña to second . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Wong fouled out to third . Adames singled to left , Peterson to second , Piña to third . Yelich hit sacrifice fly to right , Piña scored on error and Peterson scored on throwing error by first baseman Sanó , Adames safe at second on error . García struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Polanco grounded out to second . Donaldson flied out to left . Kepler lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Urías lined out to right . Cain struck out looking . Tellez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Reyes at third base . Peterson at first base . Houser pitching for Brewers . Sanó singled to left . Rooker hit by pitch , Sanó to second . Jeffers singled to right , Rooker to second , Sanó to third . Suter pitching for Brewers . Simmons grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanó scored , Jeffers out at second , Rooker to third . Arraez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Minaya pitching for Twins . Piña flied out to center . Peterson flied out to left . Wong grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Buxton struck out looking . Polanco singled to right center . Donaldson doubled to deep left , Polanco scored . Kepler flied out to shortstop . Sanó flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Cave in left field . Minaya pitching for Twins . Adames flied out to left . Yelich singled to right . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Yelich out at second . Urías struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Milner pitching for Brewers . Cave grounded out to first . Jeffers struck out looking . Simmons grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Colomé pitching for Twins . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Reyes walked . Narváez hit for Piña . Narváez singled to left , Reyes to second . Peterson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Narváez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Twins 6 .	Twins outlast Brewers , rain in 6 - 4 win