Pirates - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Phillies. Polanco flied out to left. Harrison singled to left. Walker flied out to left. Marte doubled to left, Harrison to third. Álvarez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Revere safe at first on error by second baseman Walker. Galvis singled to right, Revere to second. Utley flied out to center. Howard singled to right, Revere to third, Galvis to second. Hernández walked, Revere scored, Galvis to third, Howard to second. Sizemore singled to shallow center, Galvis scored, Howard to third, Hernández to second. Herrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Kang grounded out to third. Mercer struck out swinging. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Rupp lined out to first. Harang grounded out to pitcher. Revere singled to center. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Galvis batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Phillies. Worley struck out looking. Polanco grounded out to second. Harrison singled to center. Harrison caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Galvis reached on infield single to second. Utley flied out to center. Galvis stole second. Howard singled to right, Galvis to third. Hernández flied out to left. Sizemore safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer, Galvis scored, Howard to second. Herrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Walker flied out to center. Marte singled to center. Álvarez struck out swinging. Marte caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Rupp singled to shallow center. Harang sacrificed to pitcher, Rupp to second. Revere flied out to left. Galvis reached on infield single to first, Rupp to third. Utley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Kang hit by pitch. Mercer flied out to right. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kang out at second. Lombardozzi hit for Worley. Lombardozzi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Liz pitching for Pirates. Howard homered to right (360 feet). Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore grounded out to second. Herrera doubled to right. Rupp intentionally walked. Harang struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Galvis. Harrison popped out to first. Walker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Liz pitching for Pirates. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Galvis walked. Utley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Marte struck out swinging. Álvarez walked. Kang grounded into double play, third to second to first, Álvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Liz pitching for Pirates. Howard struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to second. Sizemore struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Harang pitching for Phillies. Mercer flied out to center. Stewart grounded out to third. Hart hit for Liz. Hart reached on infield single to pitcher. Polanco lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. LaFromboise pitching for Pirates. Herrera struck out swinging. Rupp doubled to left. Francoeur hit for Harang. Francoeur grounded out to third. Revere flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Giles pitching for Phillies. Francoeur in right field. Harrison singled to center. Harrison to second on passed ball by Rupp. Walker grounded out to first, Harrison to third. Marte doubled to deep center, Harrison scored. Papelbon pitching for Phillies. Marte to third on fielder's indifference. Álvarez grounded out to first, Marte scored. Kang hit by pitch. McCutchen hit for Mercer. McCutchen fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Phillies 4.	Harang, Howard lead Phillies to 4-2 win over Pirates