Pirates - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Polanco flied out to right. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Maybin reached on infield single to third. Maybin stole second. Maybin to third on wild pitch by Morton. Simmons singled to right, Maybin scored. Freeman singled to right center, Simmons to second. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freeman out at second, Simmons to third. Uribe walked. Pierzynski safe at first on error by second baseman Walker, Simmons scored, Uribe to third. Cunningham flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Walker struck out swinging. Kang walked. Álvarez singled to center, Kang to third. Cervelli singled to center, Kang scored, Álvarez to second. Mercer lined out to center. Morton struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Ciriaco lined out to second. Pérez walked. Maybin singled to right, Pérez to second. Simmons flied out to center. Freeman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Braves. Polanco walked. Polanco stole second. Marte walked. McCutchen flied out to right, Polanco to third. Walker lined out to center. Kang grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marte out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Markakis walked. Uribe struck out swinging. Pierzynski doubled to deep left center, Markakis scored. Cunningham grounded out to first, Pierzynski to third. Ciriaco lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Braves. Álvarez flied out to left. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer grounded out to third, Cervelli to second. Morton walked. Polanco grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pérez safe at first on error by third baseman Kang. Maybin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Braves. Marte walked. McCutchen singled to left, Marte to second. Walker homered to right (401 feet), Marte and McCutchen scored. Kang struck out looking. Álvarez struck out swinging. Cervelli struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Freeman doubled to left. Markakis singled to center, Freeman to third. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freeman scored, Markakis out at second. Pierzynski grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Mercer fouled out to first. Hart hit for Morton. Hart struck out looking. Avilán pitching for Braves. Polanco singled to left. Marte homered to right (390 feet), Polanco scored. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Cunningham flied out to left. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Johnson hit for Avilán. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Cahill pitching for Braves. Walker grounded out to first. Kang struck out swinging. Álvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Maybin struck out looking. Simmons singled to right. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis walked, Simmons to second. Uribe singled to left, Simmons scored, Markakis to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Cahill pitching for Braves. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer singled to right, Cervelli to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli scored, Mercer out at second. Polanco singled to left. Polanco stole second. Marte singled to center, Polanco scored. McCutchen doubled to left, Marte scored. Walker grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Cunningham singled to center. Ciriaco singled to right, Cunningham to third, Ciriaco to second on throwing error by right fielder Polanco. Gomes hit for Cahill. Gomes struck out swinging. Maybin singled to left, Cunningham scored, Ciriaco to third. Simmons grounded out to shortstop, Ciriaco scored, Maybin to second. Freeman walked. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Harrison at second base. Markakis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 9th. Masset pitching for Braves. Kang lined out to first. Harrison safe at second on error by third baseman Uribe. Cervelli singled to center, Harrison scored. Mercer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cervelli out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Uribe grounded out to first. Pierzynski reached on infield single to third. Cunningham grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pierzynski safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Melancon. Ciriaco singled to left, Pierzynski scored, Cunningham to second. Terdoslavich hit for Masset. Terdoslavich grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ciriaco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Pirates 10 - Braves 8.	Walker, Marte hit homers as hot Pirates top Braves 10-8