Phillies - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Revere singled to center. Revere stole second, Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stewart. Herrera struck out swinging. Utley hit sacrifice fly to center, Revere scored. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Polanco singled to right. Polanco stole second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco to third. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco scored, Marte to second. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second, Marte to third. Harrison singled to left center, Marte scored. Álvarez popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Franco singled to right. Asche lined out to right. Galvis singled to right, Franco to second. Ruiz flied out to center, Franco to third. O'Sullivan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Kang singled to right. Stewart walked, Kang to second. Cole sacrificed to catcher, Kang to third, Stewart to second. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Marte reached on infield single to second, Kang scored, Stewart to third. McCutchen reached on infield single to second, Stewart scored, Marte to second. Walker flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Revere singled to right. Herrera struck out swinging, Revere stole second. Utley flied out to left. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Álvarez grounded out to third. Kang walked. Stewart lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Franco doubled to left. Asche grounded out to pitcher, Franco to third. Galvis grounded out to second, Franco scored. Ruiz struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Cole struck out swinging. Polanco doubled to deep center. Marte singled to left center, Polanco thrown out at home, Marte to second advancing on throw. McCutchen walked. Walker walked, Marte to third, McCutchen to second. Harrison grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. O'Sullivan struck out looking. Revere flied out to center. Herrera fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Álvarez grounded out to second. Kang grounded out to second. Stewart popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Utley popped out to shortstop. Howard struck out looking. Franco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Tábata hit for Cole. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Tábata grounded out to catcher. Polanco grounded out to second. Marte singled to right. Marte caught stealing second, catcher to second. McCutchen batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Asche grounded out to first. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Asche grounded out to first. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Galvis doubled to deep right. Ruiz flied out to right. Blanco hit for O'Sullivan. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. McCutchen lined out to first. Walker struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Rodriguez at first base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Revere doubled to left. Francoeur hit for Herrera. Francoeur singled to left, Revere scored. Utley singled to right, Francoeur to third. Howard walked, Utley to second. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Francoeur out at home, Utley to third, Howard to second. Asche grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Utley out at home, Howard to third, Franco to second. Galvis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Revere in center field. Francoeur in right field. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez lined out to pitcher. Kang grounded out to third. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Ruf hit for Gómez. Ruf grounded out to second. Revere struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Pirates 4.	Cole first to 10 wins as Pirates edge Phillies