Braves - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Peterson reached on infield single to second. Maybin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peterson out at second. Markakis singled to right. Pierzynski doubled to right, Markakis thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Harrison grounded out to third. Walker singled to center. McCutchen hit by pitch, Walker to second. Kang ran for McCutchen. Marte singled to left, Walker scored, Kang to second, Kang to third, Marte to second on throwing error by left fielder Johnson. Álvarez doubled to deep center, Kang and Marte scored. Cervelli singled to center, Álvarez scored. Polanco walked, Cervelli to second. Mercer singled to center, Cervelli scored, Polanco to third. Morton sacrificed to first, Mercer to second. Harrison struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Harrison in right field. Kang at third base. Marte in center field. Polanco in left field. Morton pitching for Pirates. Uribe singled to left. Johnson struck out swinging. Terdoslavich grounded out to first, Uribe to second. Simmons hit by pitch. Teherán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Walker flied out to center. Kang flied out to center. Marte struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Peterson flied out to left. Maybin doubled to right, Maybin to third on throwing error by right fielder Harrison. Markakis singled to center, Maybin scored. Pierzynski singled to right, Markakis to second. Uribe flied out to right. Johnson struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Álvarez grounded out to second. Cervelli grounded out to third. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Mercer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Terdoslavich grounded out to shortstop. Simmons struck out swinging. Teherán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Morton struck out swinging. Harrison flied out to right. Walker singled to deep right. Kang grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Peterson flied out to left. Maybin grounded out to third. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Marte singled to left. Álvarez singled to right, Marte to second. Cervelli flied out to center, Marte to third. Polanco fouled out to third. Marte stole home. Álvarez stole second. Mercer struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Pierzynski flied out to right. Uribe grounded out to second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Morton struck out looking. Harrison safe at first on error by second baseman Peterson. Walker lined out to center. Kang grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Terdoslavich singled to right. Simmons singled to center, Terdoslavich to second. Pérez hit for Teherán. Pérez hit by pitch, Terdoslavich to third, Simmons to second. Peterson doubled to deep right center, Terdoslavich, Simmons and Pérez scored. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Maybin flied out to center. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Markakis flied out to center. Peterson to third on wild pitch by Bastardo. Pierzynski flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Masset pitching for Braves. Marte singled to left. Álvarez struck out swinging, Marte to second on wild pitch by Masset. Cervelli doubled to deep right, Marte scored. Polanco flied out to left. Mercer singled to center, Cervelli scored. Bastardo struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rodriguez at first base. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Uribe flied out to right. Johnson hit for Johnson. Johnson struck out swinging. Terdoslavich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Johnson at first base. Terdoslavich in left field. Marimon pitching for Braves. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harrison out at second. Kang grounded into double play, third to second to first, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Simmons bunt popped out to pitcher. Ciriaco hit for Marimon. Ciriaco hit ground rule double to left. Peterson struck out looking. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Pirates 8.	Pirates top Braves 8-4 but lose McCutchen to elbow injury