Pirates - Top 1st. Simon pitching for Tigers. Harrison grounded out to third. Walker singled to right. McCutchen lined out to left. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop, Walker to second. Álvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler lined out to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Simon pitching for Tigers. Cervelli lined out to center. Polanco singled to right center. Mercer singled to right, Polanco to third, Mercer out stretching at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Martínez struck out swinging. Céspedes singled to left. J.D. Martinez singled to deep right, Céspedes to third. Castellanos singled to left, Céspedes scored, J.D. Martinez to second. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castellanos out at second, J.D. Martinez to third. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Simon pitching for Tigers. Harrison doubled to deep center. Walker homered to right (384 feet), Harrison scored. McCutchen singled to center. Marte struck out swinging. Álvarez hit ground rule double to deep right, McCutchen to third. Cervelli grounded out to second, McCutchen scored, Álvarez to third. Polanco singled to right, Álvarez scored. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Simon. Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop, Polanco scored on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias. Rodriguez singled to left, Mercer to second. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercer out at third, Rodriguez to second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Davis grounded out to third. Kinsler lined out to left. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Simon pitching for Tigers. Walker grounded out to second. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Marte doubled to right. Álvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Martínez grounded out to second. Céspedes fouled out to first. J.D. Martinez reached on infield single to third. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Simon pitching for Tigers. Cervelli struck out looking. Polanco doubled to deep left. Mercer lined out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Iglesias grounded out to second. Davis tripled to deep right center. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Simon pitching for Tigers. Harrison struck out swinging. Walker reached on infield single to pitcher. McCutchen struck out swinging. Walker stole second. Marte reached on infield single to third, Walker to third. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Walker scored, Marte to second on wild pitch by Alburquerque. Álvarez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Cabrera popped out to first. Martínez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Martínez to third on wild pitch by Burnett. Céspedes grounded out to second, Martínez scored. J.D. Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Harrison. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to third, J.D. Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Cervelli singled to left. Polanco walked, Cervelli to second. Mercer lined into double play, right to second to shortstop, Cervelli doubled off second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. McCann singled to right. Iglesias bunt grounded out to third, McCann to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop, McCann to third. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Harrison flied out to right. Walker homered to left (354 feet). McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Marte homered to left center (423 feet). Álvarez homered to right center (431 feet). Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Polanco flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Cabrera grounded out to third. Martínez hit by pitch. Céspedes struck out swinging. J.D. Martinez singled to left, Martínez to second. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martínez out at third, J.D. Martinez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Davis in left field. Wilson at second base. Romine at first base. Gose in center field. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Mercer flied out to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Harrison reached on infield single to third. Harrison to second on wild pitch by Hardy. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. McCann homered to left center (408 feet). Iglesias singled to right. Davis flied out to right. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iglesias out at second. Romine singled to right, Wilson to second. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Tigers 3.	Walker homers twice as Pirates pound Tigers 9-3