Pirates - Top 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Polanco singled to center. Walker singled to center, Polanco to second, Polanco scored, Walker to third on error by center fielder Gómez. Walker scored on Nelson's wild pitch. McCutchen walked. Marte singled to right, McCutchen to second. Kang grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen scored on throwing error by shortstop Segura, Marte safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Álvarez hit by pitch. Cervelli lined out to right, Marte thrown out at home, Kang to third. Mercer struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Parra singled to left. Lucroy grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Parra out at second. Braun reached on infield single to second. Gómez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Worley struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to second. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Ramírez singled to left center. Gennett singled to right, Ramírez to second. Segura struck out looking. Ramírez to third on passed ball by Cervelli. Maldonado grounded out to pitcher, Gennett to second. Nelson singled to right, Ramírez and Gennett scored. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. McCutchen singled to right. Marte struck out swinging. Kang walked, McCutchen to second. Álvarez struck out looking. Cervelli lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Braun safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer. Gómez grounded out to third, Braun to second. Ramírez hit by pitch. Gennett singled to center, Braun scored, Ramírez to second. Segura flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Mercer flied out to right. Worley grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Nelson grounded out to pitcher. Parra walked. Lucroy homered to left (406 feet), Parra scored. Braun struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Walker popped out to shortstop. McCutchen walked. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCutchen out at second. Kang struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at third base. Gómez popped out to shortstop. Ramírez homered to left (379 feet). Gennett singled to right. Segura singled to center, Gennett to second. Maldonado struck out looking. Nelson lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Álvarez popped out to catcher. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Parra grounded out to third. Lucroy struck out swinging. Braun walked. Braun stole second. Braun safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Gómez walked. Ramírez singled to right, Braun scored, Gómez to third. Gennett flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Pérez at first base. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Polanco doubled to deep center. Walker struck out swinging. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. McCutchen walked. Marte doubled to deep left, Polanco scored, McCutchen to third. Ishikawa hit for Guerra. Ishikawa grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen scored, Marte to third. Álvarez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Ishikawa at first base. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Maldonado bunt grounded out to third. Davis hit for Jeffress. Davis homered to center (422 feet). Parra popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Brewers. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Mercer struck out swinging. Rodriguez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Pérez doubled to deep center. Braun walked. Gómez grounded out to second, Pérez to third, Braun to second. Ramírez intentionally walked. Gennett popped into double play, third to second, Braun doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Brewers. Polanco grounded out to second. Walker flied out to right. McCutchen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Brewers 8.	Brewers capitalize on lineup change, beat Pirates 8-5