Pirates - Top 1st. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Polanco lined out to left. Walker struck out looking. Marte fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to third. Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Kang singled to right. Ishikawa flied out to left. Cervelli grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kang out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Gómez walked. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gómez out at second. Kang at shortstop. Rodriguez at third base. Ramírez singled to center, Lind to second. Davis flied out to right, Lind to third. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Decker struck out swinging. Rodriguez popped out to second. Locke walked. Polanco doubled to right, Locke to third. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Jungmann struck out swinging. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Lucroy flied out to center. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Marte struck out swinging. Kang grounded out to pitcher. Ishikawa lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Gómez popped out to shortstop. Lind grounded out to first. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Cervelli struck out swinging. Decker tripled to deep center. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Locke singled to left, Decker scored. Polanco walked, Locke to second. Walker flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Davis struck out looking. Pérez lined out to shortstop. Jungmann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Kang singled to left. Ishikawa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kang out at second. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ishikawa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Segura singled to right. Lucroy grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Segura out at second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Decker walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Decker out at second. Locke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Gómez walked. Lind flied out to right. Ramírez singled to left, Gómez to second. Davis doubled to deep right center, Gómez and Ramírez scored. Pérez popped out to second. Parra hit for Jungmann. Parra reached on infield single to second, Davis out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Parra in left field. Polanco struck out swinging. Walker doubled to deep left. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Marte struck out swinging. Kang struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to first. Lucroy singled to left. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Braun reached on infield single to pitcher, Lucroy to second. Gómez singled to center, Lucroy to third, Braun to second. Lind safe at first on error by first baseman Ishikawa, Lucroy scored, Braun to third, Gómez to second. Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center, Braun scored. Peterson hit for Jeffress. Peterson doubled to deep left, Gómez scored, Lind to third, Lind scored, Peterson to third on error by left fielder Decker. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Pérez popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Cervelli walked. Decker popped out to third. Cervelli to second on fielder's indifference. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Brewers 6.	Jungmann, Brewers finish off sweep of Pirates