Nationals - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Taylor singled to right. Rendon struck out swinging. Harper grounded out to second, Taylor to third. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Polanco lined out to center. Marte grounded out to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Robinson struck out looking. Desmond singled to right. Lobatón singled to center, Desmond to third. Desmond scored, Lobatón to second on wild pitch by Burnett. den Dekker struck out looking. Gonzalez lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Ramírez lined out to center. Kang singled to left. Cervelli struck out swinging. Walker fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Taylor struck out looking. Rendon struck out looking. Harper lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Burnett struck out swinging. Polanco doubled to deep center. Marte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Escobar doubled to deep right. Robinson hit by pitch. Desmond sacrificed to pitcher, Escobar to third, Robinson to second. Lobatón hit by pitch. den Dekker struck out looking. Gonzalez reached on infield single to first, Escobar scored, Robinson to third, Lobatón to second. Taylor singled to left center, Robinson scored, Lobatón thrown out at home, Gonzalez to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. McCutchen struck out looking. Ramírez lined out to center. Kang fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Rendon lined out to right. Harper doubled to deep center. Escobar singled to right, Harper to third. Robinson singled to left center, Harper scored, Escobar to second. Desmond struck out looking. Lobatón flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Cervelli struck out swinging. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. den Dekker reached on infield single to catcher. Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher, den Dekker to second. Taylor singled to left center, den Dekker to third. Taylor stole second. Rendon hit sacrifice fly to right, den Dekker scored, Taylor to third. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Álvarez at first base. Harper grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Nationals. Álvarez singled to right center. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to first, Álvarez safe at third on error by first baseman Robinson. Marte singled to right, Álvarez scored, Polanco to third. McCutchen singled to left center, Polanco scored, Marte to second. Barrett pitching for Nationals. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second, Marte to third. Kang hit by pitch. Cervelli singled to center, Marte scored, Kang to second. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Walker lined out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Escobar doubled to deep left. Robinson flied out to left. Desmond homered to left (369 feet), Escobar scored. Lobatón lined out to right. den Dekker grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Decker hit for Guerra. Vazquez pitching for Nationals. Decker lined out to right. Álvarez flied out to left. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Burriss hit for Rivero. Burriss walked. Taylor homered to center (418 feet), Burriss scored. Rendon struck out looking. Harper flied out to left. Escobar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Florimón at shortstop. Kang at third base. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Robinson flied out to center. Desmond walked. Lobatón grounded into fielder's choice to third, Desmond safe at second on error by third baseman Kang. den Dekker fouled out to third. Roark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Kang struck out swinging. Cervelli singled to left. Walker grounded out to third, Cervelli to second. Ishikawa hit for Caminero. Ishikawa flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 9 - Pirates 3.	Taylor's homer, 3 RBIs help Nationals beat Pirates 9-3