Pirates - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Polanco grounded out to first. Marte grounded out to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Dozier flied out to left. Hicks singled to center. Mauer grounded out to shortstop, Hicks to second. Sanó struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Kang homered to left (406 feet). Walker grounded out to first. Álvarez flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Rosario tripled to deep left center. Núñez grounded out to first, Rosario scored. Escobar struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Cervelli walked. Ishikawa fouled out to third. Polanco safe at second on error by pitcher Santana, Cervelli to third. Marte lined out to left. McCutchen intentionally walked. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Robinson grounded out to first. Dozier doubled to deep left. Hicks singled to left center, Dozier scored, Hicks to second on error by left fielder Marte. Mauer grounded out to third. Sanó singled to right, Hicks scored, Sanó thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Walker doubled to deep right. Álvarez grounded out to first, Walker to third. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Decker in right field. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Rosario flied out to center. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to left. Suzuki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Decker grounded out to second. Marte singled to right. Marte stole second. McCutchen homered to left (396 feet), Marte scored. Ramírez doubled to deep right. Kang struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Robinson doubled to deep left center. Dozier struck out swinging. Hicks reached on infield single to shortstop. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hicks out at second, Robinson to third. Sanó grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Walker singled to right. Álvarez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Walker out at second. Cervelli doubled to deep right, Álvarez to third. Álvarez scored, Cervelli to third on wild pitch by Santana. Ishikawa walked. Decker walked, Ishikawa to second. Marte hit sacrifice fly to left, Cervelli scored. McCutchen singled to right, Ishikawa scored, Decker to second, Decker to third McCutchen to second on throwing error by right fielder Rosario.McCutchen and Decker scored on error by third baseman Núñez. Boyer pitching for Twins. Ramírez grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Núñez singled to center. Escobar struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left, Núñez to second, Núñez to third advancing on throw. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Boyer pitching for Twins. Kang reached on infield single to first. Walker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Kang out at second. Álvarez walked. Cervelli reached on infield single to second, Álvarez to second. O'Rourke pitching for Twins. Ishikawa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Dozier walked. Hicks struck out swinging. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Dozier safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bastardo. Sanó walked, Dozier to third, Mauer to second. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Rosario struck out swinging. Núñez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 8th. O'Rourke pitching for Twins. Decker struck out looking. Graham pitching for Twins. Marte lined out to right. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Escobar grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Polanco hit for Robinson. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Escobar in left field. Polanco at shortstop. Graham pitching for Twins. Ramírez singled to right. Florimón ran for Ramírez. Kang reached on infield single to third, Florimón to second. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kang out at second, Florimón to third. Álvarez doubled to deep right center, Florimón and Walker scored. Álvarez to third on wild pitch by Graham. Cervelli grounded out to first. Ishikawa grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Florimón at shortstop. Kang at third base. Guerra pitching for Pirates. Dozier struck out looking. Hicks struck out swinging. Mauer singled to right. Mauer to second on fielder's indifference, Mauer to third on wild pitch by Guerra. Sanó doubled to deep right, Sanó out at third, Mauer scored advancing on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Twins 4.	McCutchen, Liriano lead Pirates sweep of Twins with 10-4 win