Dodgers - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Rollins doubled to deep right. Kendrick grounded out to first, Rollins to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Rollins scored. Ethier singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Ethier stole second. Grandal grounded out to third, Gonzalez scored. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Polanco grounded out to second. Marte walked. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marte out at second. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Callaspo grounded out to second. Pederson struck out swinging. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Morse struck out swinging. Cervelli tripled to deep center. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Rollins grounded out to first. Kendrick singled to center. Kendrick stole second. Gonzalez singled to center, Kendrick scored. Ethier singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Grandal singled to center, Ethier tagged out at second, Gonzalez to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Morton struck out swinging. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Polanco out at second. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Callaspo walked. Pederson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Callaspo out at second. Pederson stole second. Wood struck out swinging. Rollins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Ramírez doubled to deep left center. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Morse singled to right, Ramírez to third. Cervelli hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramírez scored. Walker singled to right, Morse to second. Morton struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Kendrick reached on infield single to first. Hernández ran for Kendrick. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Ethier walked, Hernández to second. Grandal singled to right, Hernández scored, Ethier to second. Crawford struck out swinging. Callaspo doubled to left center, Ethier scored, Grandal to third. Pederson intentionally walked. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to third, Callaspo out at third, Pederson to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Hernández at second base. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Polanco lined out to center. Marte walked. McCutchen homered to center (433 feet), Marte scored. Ramírez walked. Kang hit by pitch, Ramírez to second. Morse grounded into double play, third to first, Ramírez out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Rollins struck out swinging. Hernández singled to left center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Nicasio pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli struck out looking. Walker tripled to deep center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Polanco stole second. Marte hit by pitch. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at third, Marte to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Ethier struck out swinging. Grandal struck out swinging. Crawford singled to left. Crawford stole second. Callaspo walked. Pederson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ethier in left field. Johnson pitching for Dodgers. Puig in right field. Ramírez struck out looking. Kang hit by pitch. Álvarez hit for Caminero. Álvarez singled to right, Kang to third, Álvarez to second on throwing error by right fielder Puig. Cervelli singled to right, Kang scored, Álvarez to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to left, Álvarez scored. Rodriguez singled to center, Cervelli to second. Polanco walked, Cervelli to third, Rodriguez to second. Marte reached on infield single to third, Cervelli scored, Rodriguez to third, Polanco to second. McCutchen singled to left, Rodriguez and Polanco scored, Marte to second. Ramírez singled to center, Marte scored, McCutchen to second. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Kang homered to right (361 feet), McCutchen and Ramírez scored. Álvarez struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Florimón at shortstop. Kang at third base. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Puig reached on infield single to second. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Puig out at second. Hernández homered to center (414 feet). Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Van Slyke at first base. Peralta pitching for Dodgers. Cervelli homered to left (418 feet). Walker lined out to left. Rodriguez singled to left. Polanco singled to left center, Rodriguez to second. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second, Rodriguez to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Ethier struck out swinging. Grandal flied out to right. Guerrero hit for Peralta. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Pirates 13.	Pirates use 9-run seventh to blast past Dodgers