Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Pirates. Inciarte bunt grounded out to catcher. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco struck out swinging. Marte struck out looking. McCutchen walked. Ramírez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Pirates. Pollock walked. Saltalamacchia walked, Pollock to second. Lamb grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Saltalamacchia out at second, Pollock to third. Tomás grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Kang hit by pitch. Cervelli singled to center, Kang to third. Morse struck out swinging, Kang scored, Cervelli to second on wild pitch by Ray. Rodriguez singled to right, Cervelli scored. Happ bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rodriguez out at second. Polanco doubled to deep center, Happ scored. Marte reached on infield single to third, Polanco out at home. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Happ pitching for Pirates. Owings fouled out to first. Ray singled to left. Inciarte flied out to left. Ahmed struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen flied out to right. Ramírez flied out to left. Kang grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli struck out looking. Morse singled to left. Rodriguez singled to left, Morse to second. Happ sacrificed to pitcher, Morse to third, Rodriguez to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Lamb flied out to left. Tomás singled to right. Owings struck out swinging. Ray grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tomás out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte grounded out to first. McCutchen singled to center. McCutchen caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Pirates. Inciarte flied out to left. Ahmed bunt grounded out to pitcher. Goldschmidt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Kang walked. Cervelli grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kang out at second. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Soria pitching for Pirates. Ishikawa at first base. Pollock struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Hill at third base. Rodriguez singled to right center. Ishikawa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Tomás grounded out to first. Owings grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte doubled to center. McCutchen singled to left, Marte to third. Ramírez lined out to shortstop. Kang walked, McCutchen to second. Cervelli struck out swinging. Álvarez hit for Watson. Álvarez walked, Marte scored, McCutchen to third, Kang to second. Rodriguez lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Inciarte reached on bunt single to first. Ahmed walked, Inciarte to second. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Inciarte scored, Ahmed to second. Pollock struck out looking. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Peralta hit for Godley. Peralta struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Pirates 4.	Happ shines as Pirates shut down Diamondbacks 4-1