Cubs - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Fowler singled to right. Schwarber singled to right, Fowler to second. Coghlan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fowler to third, Schwarber safe at second on error by shortstop Kang. Rizzo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fowler scored, Coghlan out at second, Schwarber to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Polanco struck out looking. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Walker singled to center. Mercer singled to center, Walker to second. Álvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Montero singled to right. Russell doubled to left, Montero scored. Hendricks struck out bunting foul. La Stella doubled to right, Russell scored. Fowler grounded out to second, La Stella to third. Schwarber popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Cervelli grounded out to third. Snider homered to center (425 feet). Harrison struck out swinging. Morton struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Coghlan struck out swinging. Rizzo walked. Bryant doubled to deep left, Rizzo to third. Montero flied out to center. Russell intentionally walked. Hendricks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Polanco homered to center (426 feet). Marte grounded out to third. Walker hit by pitch. Mercer singled to center, Mercer tagged out at second, Walker to third. Álvarez homered to right (342 feet), Walker scored. Cervelli struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. La Stella flied out to right. Fowler struck out looking. Schwarber struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Cubs. Snider grounded out to first. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. Morton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Coghlan doubled to right center. Rizzo homered to right (387 feet), Coghlan scored. Bryant singled to left center. Blanton pitching for Pirates. Montero safe at first on error by first baseman Álvarez, Bryant to third. Russell singled to center, Bryant scored, Montero to second. Montero to third, Russell to second on passed ball by Cervelli. Richard doubled to left center, Montero and Russell scored. La Stella singled to center, Richard scored. LaFromboise pitching for Pirates. Fowler singled to left, La Stella to second. Schwarber grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fowler out at second, La Stella to third. Jackson hit for Coghlan. Jackson grounded into double play, second to first, Schwarber out at second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Cubs. Polanco grounded out to pitcher. Marte grounded out to pitcher. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. LaFromboise pitching for Pirates. Rizzo doubled to left. Bryant walked. Montero flied out to right, Rizzo to third. Russell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rizzo out at home, Bryant to second. Richard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for Cubs. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. Álvarez singled to center. Morse hit for Cervelli. Morse singled to left center, Álvarez to second. Snider lined into double play, to shortstop, Álvarez doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Scahill pitching for Pirates. La Stella flied out to left. Fowler grounded out to second. Schwarber grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Richard pitching for Cubs. Harrison hit ground rule double to deep center. Stewart grounded out to shortstop, Harrison to third. Polanco singled to deep right, Harrison scored. Grimm pitching for Cubs. Polanco stole second. Marte flied out to center, Polanco to third. Walker hit ground rule double to deep left, Polanco scored. Mercer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Scahill pitching for Pirates. Jackson struck out swinging. Rizzo grounded out to second. Bryant doubled to shortstop. Montero batting. Russell grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Álvarez struck out swinging. Rodriguez hit for Scahill. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Snider struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Wood flied out to right. Báez singled to right. Fowler fouled out to shortstop. Denorfia singled to center, Báez to second. Jackson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Harrison struck out swinging. Stewart batting. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 9 - Pirates 6.	Rizzo homers, lifts Cubs to 9-6 win over Pirates