Rangers - Top 1st. Bailey pitching for Royals. Santana flied out to left. Calhoun grounded out to second. Mazara walked. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Merrifield singled to left. Lopez doubled to right, Merrifield to third. Mondesi hit sacrifice fly to center, Merrifield scored. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Dozier flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Gallo singled to right. Forsythe struck out swinging. Odor flied out to center. Guzmán popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Soler hit by pitch. Gutiérrez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Soler out at second. O'Hearn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Bailey pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa singled to left. Santana singled to right, Kiner-Falefa to second. Calhoun lined out to right. Mazara struck out swinging, Kiner-Falefa to third on wild pitch by Bailey. Pence lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Gallagher struck out swinging. Merrifield struck out swinging. Lopez doubled to shallow left. Lopez to third on wild pitch by Lynn. Mondesi grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Gallo homered to left (402 feet). Forsythe grounded out to third. Odor singled to right center. Guzmán grounded into double play, second to third to first, Odor out at second in rundown. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dozier singled to right. Soler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dozier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Bailey pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa walked. Santana singled to right, Santana to second, Kiner-Falefa to third. Calhoun singled to left center, Kiner-Falefa scored and Santana scored, Calhoun to second. Mazara reached on infield single to pitcher, Calhoun to second. Pence struck out swinging. Gallo walked, Mazara to second, Calhoun to third. Forsythe walked, Calhoun scored, Gallo to second, Mazara to third. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gallo scored and Mazara scored, Forsythe to second, Odor safe at second on throwing error by first baseman O'Hearn, Forsythe safe at third on throwing err. Guzmán popped out to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Odor out at third, Forsythe out at third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. O'Hearn flied out to left. Gallagher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Boxberger pitching for Royals. Santana singled to right. Calhoun singled to center, Santana to third. Mazara walked, Calhoun to second. Pence hit sacrifice fly to center, Santana scored, Calhoun to third. Calhoun scored on Boxberger wild pitch, Mazara to second on wild pitch by Boxberger. Gallo struck out swinging. Forsythe singled to left, Mazara scored. Odor walked, Forsythe to second. Peralta pitching for Royals. Guzmán walked, Odor to second, Forsythe to third. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guzmán out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Merrifield flied out to center. Lopez walked. Mondesi reached on infield single to first, Lopez to second. Gordon grounded out to second, Mondesi to second, Lopez to third. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Santana lined out to center. Calhoun homered to center (424 feet). Mazara struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Rangers. Soler singled to right. Gutiérrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Soler out at second. O'Hearn flied out to center. Gallagher flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Gore in left field. Kennedy pitching for Royals. Gallo doubled to deep right center. Forsythe lined out to center, Gallo to third. Odor homered to right (423 feet), Gallo scored. Guzmán singled to shallow right center. Owings pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa walked, Guzmán to second. Santana flied out to right. Calhoun singled to left, Kiner-Falefa to second, Guzmán to third. Mazara popped out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. Lopez walked. Mondesi flied out to right. Gore singled to right, Lopez to second. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Owings pitching for Royals. Pence homered to center (456 feet). Gallo doubled to right. Forsythe singled to left center, Gallo scored. Odor homered to right (370 feet), Forsythe scored. Guzmán flied out to center. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. Santana singled to center. Calhoun flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Springs pitching for Rangers. Soler struck out swinging. Gutiérrez singled to right center. O'Hearn singled to left, Gutiérrez to second. Gallagher grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, O'Hearn out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 16 - Royals 1.	Rangers belt 5 home runs in 16-1 rout of Royals