Cardinals - Top 1st. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Carpenter grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out looking. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Choo singled to center. Calhoun grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Choo out at second. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Ozuna flied out to center. Martínez doubled to right center. Molina lined out to right, Martínez to third. Fowler walked. Wong flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Mikolas pitching for Cardinals. Gallo hit ground rule double to deep right. Cabrera hit by pitch. Forsythe singled to center, Gallo scored, Cabrera to second. Odor homered to center (412 feet), Cabrera scored and Forsythe scored. Guzmán struck out swinging. Mathis singled to center. Mathis to second on wild pitch by Mikolas. Choo homered to right (432 feet), Mathis scored. Calhoun doubled to right. Pence reached on infield single to pitcher, Calhoun to third. Gallo singled to shallow right, Calhoun scored, Pence to third. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera struck out looking. Gallo stole second. Forsythe walked. Pence out at home on runner's fielder's choice. Giovanny Gallegos pitches to Rougned Odor. 7 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Bader singled to left. Carpenter singled to right, Bader to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bader scored on error by second baseman Odor, Carpenter safe at second on error by second baseman Odor. DeJong lined out to center, Carpenter to third. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Carpenter scored, Goldschmidt out at second. Martínez singled to right, Ozuna to third. Molina flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gallegos pitching for Cardinals. Odor flied out to right. Guzmán popped out to shortstop. Mathis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Fowler grounded out to second. Wong grounded out to shortstop, Wong safe at first on error by pitcher Sampson. Bader grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Choo struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out swinging. Pence flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Carpenter grounded out to first. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. DeJong singled to left. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeJong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Gallo struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Martínez flied out to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Odor struck out swinging. Guzmán lined out to second. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Wong singled to right. Bader singled to right center, Wong thrown out at third. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Carpenter struck out looking. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bader out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Choo struck out swinging. Calhoun singled to left. Pence reached on infield single to second, Calhoun to second. Gallo struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. DeJong singled to right center. Ozuna struck out swinging. Martínez struck out looking. Molina lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Forsythe flied out to center. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Odor popped out to second. Guzmán struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Fowler grounded out to first. Wong grounded out to first. Bader homered to right (357 feet). Carpenter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Rangers 7.	Odor, Choo key Sampson's 1st win as Rangers top Cards 7-3