Indians - Top 1st. Palumbo pitching for Rangers. Lindor singled to left. Mercado sacrificed to pitcher, Lindor to second. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop, Lindor scored. Luplow hit by pitch, Santana to second. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Kipnis homered to right (449 feet), Santana scored and Luplow scored. Pérez homered to right (383 feet). Bauers lined out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Plutko pitching for Indians. Choo singled to shallow right. DeShields flied out to center. Andrus struck out looking. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Palumbo pitching for Rangers. Martín struck out swinging. Lindor walked. Mercado grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Lindor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Calhoun popped out to shortstop. Cabrera homered to right (408 feet). Odor grounded out to first. Forsythe singled to left. Federowicz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Palumbo pitching for Rangers. Santana walked. Luplow doubled to left, Santana scored, Luplow to third. Ramírez singled to center, Luplow scored. Kipnis walked, Ramírez to second. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Pérez flied out to right, Ramírez to third. Bauers grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kipnis out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Plutko pitching for Indians. Choo grounded out to second. DeShields doubled to deep center. Andrus lined out to center. Mazara struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Martín fouled out to third. Lindor struck out looking. Mercado hit ground rule double to right. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Plutko pitching for Indians. Calhoun singled to right. Cabrera doubled to right, Calhoun scored. Odor safe at first on error by first baseman Santana, Cabrera safe at third on error by first baseman Santana. Forsythe struck out swinging. Federowicz popped out to pitcher. Choo popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Luplow popped out to second. Ramírez flied out to right. Kipnis homered to right (388 feet). Pérez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Plutko pitching for Indians. DeShields grounded out to third. Andrus doubled to deep right center. Olson pitching for Indians. Mazara walked. Calhoun grounded out to first, Mazara to second, Andrus to third. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Bauers struck out swinging. Martín lined out to right. Lindor lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Goody pitching for Indians. Odor struck out swinging. Forsythe struck out swinging. Federowicz walked. Choo walked, Federowicz to second. DeShields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Mercado singled to center. Mercado caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Santana singled to right. Luplow grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Goody pitching for Indians. Andrus reached on infield single to second. Pérez pitching for Indians. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to first, Andrus out at second. Calhoun flied into double play, right to first, Mazara doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Ramírez flied out to left. Kipnis walked. Pérez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Odor struck out looking. Cimber pitching for Indians. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Bauers walked. Martín flied out to left. Lindor reached on infield single to catcher, Bauers to second. Mercado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercado safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera, Lindor to second, Bauers safe at third on error by third baseman Cabrera. Santana flied out to center. Luplow reached on infield single to second, Bauers scored and Lindor scored, Mercado to third. Ramírez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Santana hit for Federowicz. Cimber pitching for Indians. Santana homered to center (427 feet). Choo reached on infield single to second. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to second, Choo out at second. Andrus popped out to first. Mazara hit by pitch, DeShields to second. Calhoun popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Rangers 4.	Kipnis homers twice in Indians' 10-4 win over Rangers