Rangers - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Choo singled to left center. Calhoun singled to right, Choo to second. Andrus flied out to right, Choo to third. Mazara singled to center, Choo scored, Calhoun to second. Gallo walked, Mazara to second, Calhoun to third. Forsythe hit sacrifice fly to right, Calhoun scored, Gallo to second, Mazara to third. Odor grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Jones struck out looking. Castellanos singled to deep right. Cabrera struck out looking. Dixon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Guzmán grounded out to second. Mathis reached on infield single to catcher. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Choo safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Goodrum, Mathis out at second. Calhoun fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Stewart grounded out to third. Goodrum grounded out to second. Beckham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Andrus singled to shallow right. Mazara grounded out to third, Andrus to second. Gallo doubled to right, Andrus scored. Forsythe struck out swinging. Odor hit by pitch. Guzmán singled to right, Odor to second, Gallo to third. Mathis flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Castro struck out looking. Wilson grounded out to third. Jones tripled to deep right. Castellanos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Choo lined out to right. Calhoun grounded out to second. Andrus singled to center. Mazara flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Cabrera lined out to third. Dixon grounded out to third. Stewart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Gallo struck out looking. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. Odor reached on bunt single to third. Odor caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jordan Zimmermann pitches to Ronald Guzman. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Goodrum struck out looking. Beckham flied out to center. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Guzmán homered to center (438 feet). Mathis struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Calhoun struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Wilson popped out to third. Jones singled to center. Castellanos singled to left, Jones to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Jones scored on throwing error by shortstop Andrus, Castellanos to second, Castellanos safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Dixon struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Mazara grounded out to first. Gallo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Chavez pitching for Rangers. Goodrum struck out swinging. St. John pitching for Rangers. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Rodríguez hit for Castro. Rodríguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Rodríguez at third base. Ramirez pitching for Tigers. Forsythe doubled to deep center, Forsythe safe at third on error by center fielder Jones. Odor fouled out to catcher. Guzmán hit sacrifice fly to left, Forsythe scored. Mathis lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Wilson struck out swinging. Jones flied out to right. Castellanos walked. Cabrera walked, Castellanos to second. Lugo ran for Cabrera. Dixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Lugo as designated hitter. Greene pitching for Tigers. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun safe at first on error by pitcher Greene. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Calhoun out at second. Mazara singled to left, Andrus to second. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Miller pitching for Rangers. Stewart walked. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart out at second. Beckham struck out swinging. Rodríguez homered to right (382 feet), Goodrum scored. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Tigers 3.	Rangers beat Detroit 5-3, handing Tigers another home loss