Rangers - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Santana singled to center. Andrus struck out swinging. Pence flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Semien doubled to deep left center. Chapman walked. Olson flied out to center, Semien to third. Canha walked, Chapman to second. Laureano singled to left center, Chapman scored and Semien scored, Canha to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to right, Canha scored, Laureano to second. Grossman grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Odor struck out looking. Forsythe grounded out to third. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. DeShields struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Profar flied out to center. Phegley singled to right center. Phegley caught stealing second, catcher to second. Semien lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Federowicz lined out to left. Choo struck out swinging. Santana lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Chapman struck out swinging. Olson struck out looking. Canha grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to second. Pence lined out to right. Odor fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Laureano grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. Grossman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Forsythe singled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Forsythe to second. DeShields singled to center, Forsythe scored, Cabrera to second. Federowicz lined out to left. Choo singled to left, DeShields to second, Cabrera to third. Santana doubled to right, Cabrera scored and DeShields scored, Choo to third. Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right, Choo scored, Santana to third. Petit pitching for Athletics. Pence singled to center, Santana scored. Odor grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Profar lined out to center. Phegley lined out to right. Semien struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Forsythe hit by pitch. Cabrera walked, Forsythe to second. DeShields reached on bunt single to pitcher, Cabrera to second, Forsythe to third. Federowicz flied out to center. Wang pitching for Athletics. Choo singled to right, Forsythe scored, DeShields to second, Cabrera to third. Santana homered to center (385 feet), Cabrera scored, DeShields scored and Choo scored. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Chapman struck out swinging. Olson safe at second on error by catcher Federowicz. Canha flied out to left. Laureano lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Wang pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to center. Forsythe walked, Odor to second. Cabrera singled to deep center, Odor scored, Forsythe to second. DeShields popped out to first. Federowicz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Jurado pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to second. Grossman grounded out to second. Profar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Schlitter pitching for Athletics. Choo grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Phegley grounded out to third. Semien walked. Chapman lined out to center. Semien to third. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Schlitter pitching for Athletics. Pence grounded out to third. Odor flied out to left. Forsythe walked. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Canha walked. Pinder hit for Laureano. Pinder walked, Canha to second. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pinder out at second, Canha to third. Grossman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 11 - Athletics 3.	Santana's slam, 6 RBIs power Rangers past scuffling A's 11-3