Rangers - Top 1st. Houser pitching for Brewers. Choo struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus safe at first on error by pitcher Houser. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Payano pitching for Rangers. Grisham singled to left. Grandal walked, Grisham to second. Moustakas flied out to right. Hiura struck out swinging. Braun hit by pitch, Grandal to second, Grisham to third. Grisham scored on Payano wild pitch, Braun to second on wild pitch by Payano, Grandal to third on wild pitch by Payano. Grisham scored on Payano wild pitch, Braun to second on wild pitch by Payano, Grandal to third on wild pitch by Payano. Thames flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Houser pitching for Brewers. Mazara struck out swinging. Forsythe grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Payano pitching for Rangers. Cain lined out to second. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. Houser walked. Grisham singled to right, Houser to second. Grandal walked, Grisham to second, Houser to third. Moustakas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Houser pitching for Brewers. Trevino struck out swinging. Payano struck out looking. Choo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Payano pitching for Rangers. Hiura homered to left center (394 feet). Braun singled to center. Thames grounded out to second, Braun to second. Cain singled to right, Braun thrown out at home. Arcia lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to second. Odor lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Martin pitching for Rangers. Houser grounded out to pitcher. Grisham singled to center. Grandal singled to center, Grisham to second. Moustakas singled to right, Grisham scored, Grandal to second. Hiura struck out swinging. Braun struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Mazara walked. Forsythe reached on infield single to shortstop, Mazara to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Forsythe to second, Mazara out at third. Trevino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kiner-Falefa out at second, Forsythe to third. Calhoun hit for Martin. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Thames singled to center. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thames out at second. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Houser pitching for Brewers. Choo struck out swinging. Santana homered to right center (448 feet). Andrus grounded out to second. Odor singled to deep right. Mazara struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Gamel hit for Houser. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Gamel grounded out to first. Grisham walked. Grandal grounded into double play, third to first, Grisham out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Gamel in right field. Forsythe struck out looking. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. Trevino grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Moustakas struck out swinging. Hiura flied out to right. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. DeShields hit for Guerrieri. Guerra pitching for Brewers. DeShields flied out to right. Pomeranz pitching for Brewers. Choo homered to left center (398 feet). Santana walked. Andrus walked, Santana to second. Odor struck out swinging, Andrus caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop, Santana to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Santana in left field. DeShields in center field. Thames grounded out to second. Cain hit by pitch. Arcia walked, Cain to second. Gamel struck out swinging. Piña hit for Pomeranz. Piña struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Claudio pitching for Brewers. Mazara singled to center. Albers pitching for Brewers. Forsythe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mazara out at second. Pence hit for Kiner-Falefa. Pence grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Brewers 3.	Houser posts 10 Ks, Brewers top Rangers 3-2 for 5th straight