Mariners - Top 1st. Martin pitching for Rangers. Smith hit by pitch. Lopes reached on infield single to second, Smith to second. Seager struck out swinging. Narváez walked, Lopes to second, Smith to third. Murphy struck out swinging. Vogelbach walked, Smith scored, Narváez to second, Lopes to third. Moore reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopes scored, Vogelbach to second, Narváez to third. Gordon singled to center, Narváez scored and Vogelbach scored, Moore to third. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Bishop popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. DeShields singled to center. Santana singled to right, DeShields to second. Andrus flied out to left, Santana to second, DeShields to third. Solak hit by pitch. Odor grounded out to first, DeShields scored, Solak to second, Santana to third. Forsythe flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Smith bunt grounded out to third. Lopes walked. Seager struck out swinging. Narváez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa singled to center. Heineman grounded out to third, Kiner-Falefa to second. Mathis struck out swinging. DeShields grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Murphy homered to left center (417 feet). Vogelbach homered to right (361 feet). Moore struck out looking. Gordon popped out to second. Bishop flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Santana grounded out to third. Andrus singled to center. Andrus to second on wild pitch by Kikuchi. Solak tripled to right, Andrus scored. Odor grounded out to shortstop, Solak scored. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Gibaut pitching for Rangers. Smith flied out to center. Lopes struck out swinging. Seager grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. Kiner-Falefa singled to center. Heineman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kiner-Falefa out at second. Mathis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Heineman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Gibaut pitching for Rangers. Narváez flied out to center. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Vogelbach walked. Moore hit by pitch, Vogelbach to second. Gordon reached on infield single to second, Moore to second, Vogelbach to third. Bishop walked, Vogelbach scored, Gordon to second, Moore to third. Springs pitching for Rangers. Smith grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Kikuchi pitching for Mariners. DeShields flied out to left. Santana grounded out to third. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Springs pitching for Rangers. Lopes lined out to center. Seager struck out swinging. Narváez walked. Murphy singled to left center, Narváez to second. Vogelbach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Solak walked. Odor struck out looking. Forsythe lined out to right. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Volquez pitching for Rangers. Moore walked. Gordon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Moore out at second. Bishop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Mariners. Heineman doubled to right. Mazara hit for Mathis. Mazara struck out swinging. DeShields walked. Santana struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Trevino catching. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Smith reached on infield single to shortstop. Lopes singled to deep left, Smith to second. Seager homered to right (420 feet), Smith scored and Lopes scored. Narváez hit by pitch. Murphy flied out to right. Vogelbach singled to right center, Narváez to third. Moore walked, Vogelbach to second. Gordon lined into double play, to first, Moore out at first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Nola at first base. Tuivailala pitching for Mariners. Solak struck out swinging. Odor doubled to deep left. Guzmán hit for Forsythe. Guzmán walked. Kiner-Falefa grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guzmán out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Guzmán at first base. Sampson pitching for Rangers. Bishop grounded out to shortstop. Smith singled to right. Lopes doubled to right center, Smith scored. Seager walked. Narváez struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Brennan pitching for Mariners. Heineman flied out to center. Trevino struck out swinging. DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 11 - Rangers 3.	Seager, Murphy, Vogelbach homer, Mariners rout Rangers 11-3