Rangers - Top 1st. Means pitching for Orioles. Choo flied out to right. Andrus flied out to left. Calhoun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Allard pitching for Rangers. Alberto reached on bunt single to catcher. Mancini singled to left, Alberto to second. Santander grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mancini out at second, Alberto to third. Núñez lined out to second. Villar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Means pitching for Orioles. Solak struck out swinging. Odor bunt grounded out to pitcher. Forsythe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Allard pitching for Rangers. Trumbo popped out to first. Severino walked. Wilkerson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Severino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Means pitching for Orioles. Kiner-Falefa lined out to left. DeShields struck out swinging. Trevino reached on infield single to second. Choo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Allard pitching for Rangers. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Alberto grounded out to shortstop. Mancini grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Means pitching for Orioles. Andrus flied out to center. Calhoun lined out to right. Solak grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Santander singled to left center. Núñez singled to right, Santander to second. Santander out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Villar singled to right, Núñez to second. Trumbo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Villar out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Means pitching for Orioles. Odor popped out to second. Forsythe struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Severino lined out to center. Wilkerson struck out looking. Martin singled to center. Martin to second on pickoff error by pitcher Allard. Alberto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Means pitching for Orioles. DeShields struck out swinging. Trevino grounded out to second. Choo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Mancini doubled to left. Santander grounded out to second, Mancini to third. Núñez hit sacrifice fly to center, Mancini scored. Villar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Means pitching for Orioles. Andrus singled to right. Calhoun flied out to center. Solak homered to right center (404 feet), Andrus scored. Odor flied out to left. Forsythe doubled to left. Castro pitching for Orioles. Forsythe to third on wild pitch by Castro. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Trumbo doubled to left. Williams ran for Trumbo. Severino grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson walked. Ruiz hit for Martin. Clase pitching for Rangers. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ruiz safe at first on error by pitcher Clase, Wilkerson out at second, Williams safe at third on error by pitcher Clase. Alberto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Alberto at second base. Villar at shortstop. Williams as designated hitter. Ruiz at third base. Castro pitching for Orioles. DeShields struck out swinging. Trevino lined out to second. Choo walked. Choo stole second, Choo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Severino. Andrus lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Montero pitching for Rangers. Mancini singled to deep right. Santander grounded out to pitcher, Mancini to second. Núñez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mancini out at third in rundown. Stewart ran for Núñez. Villar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Mancini at first base. Santander in right field. Stewart in left field. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Calhoun flied out to left. Solak walked. Odor hit by pitch, Solak to second. Kline pitching for Orioles. Forsythe singled to left, Solak scored, Forsythe safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Stewart, Forsythe to second, Odor safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Stewart, Odor to thi. Kiner-Falefa hit by pitch. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kiner-Falefa to second, Forsythe to third, Odor out at home. Trevino lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Heineman in left field. Leclerc pitching for Rangers. Williams doubled to deep right. Sisco hit for Severino. Sisco struck out looking. Smith Jr. hit for Wilkerson. Smith Jr. flied out to center. Ruiz walked. Alberto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Orioles 1.	Allard, Solak lead Rangers over Orioles 3-1