Rangers - Top 1st. Wojciechowski pitching for Orioles. Choo grounded out to second. Odor walked. Calhoun singled to right center, Odor to third. Solak singled to left, Odor scored, Calhoun to second. Forsythe flied out to left. Guzmán grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Rangers. Alberto singled to right center. Mancini grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Alberto out at second. Santander flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Wojciechowski pitching for Orioles. DeShields flied out to right. Kiner-Falefa singled to left. Trevino singled to center, Kiner-Falefa to second. Choo singled to center, Kiner-Falefa scored, Trevino to second. Odor struck out looking. Calhoun hit by pitch, Choo to second, Trevino to third. Solak reached on infield single to second, Choo scored and Trevino scored, Calhoun to third. Forsythe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Núñez homered to left (426 feet). Villar lined out to center. Trumbo grounded out to third. Hays grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Guzmán homered to right center (447 feet). DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop. Kiner-Falefa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeShields out at second. Trevino singled to right. Choo struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Rangers. Severino lined out to center. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Alberto flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Ynoa pitching for Orioles. Odor homered to center (416 feet). Calhoun popped out to second. Solak grounded out to third. Forsythe singled to left. Guzmán doubled to right, Forsythe to third. DeShields walked. Kiner-Falefa grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeShields out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Mancini lined out to center. Santander flied out to center. Núñez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Tan. Scott pitching for Orioles. Trevino singled to left. Choo struck out swinging. Odor lined out to right. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trevino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Villar walked. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hays flied out to center. Severino doubled to deep left, Villar scored. Martin popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Tate pitching for Orioles. Solak walked. Forsythe walked, Solak to second. Guzmán hit by pitch, Forsythe to second, Solak to third. DeShields singled to right, Solak scored, Guzmán to second, Forsythe to third. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. Trevino hit sacrifice fly to right, Forsythe scored, Guzmán to third. Fry pitching for Orioles. DeShields stole second. Choo singled to shallow right, Guzmán scored, DeShields to third. Odor lined out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Alberto singled to center. Mancini singled to right center, Alberto to third. Santander struck out swinging. Núñez fouled out to first. Villar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hess pitching for Orioles. Calhoun doubled to deep center. Solak singled to right, Calhoun scored. Forsythe fouled out to right. Guzmán singled to right, Solak to second. DeShields grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Guzmán out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Trumbo struck out swinging. Hays flied out to left. Severino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hess pitching for Orioles. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to second. Trevino struck out swinging. Choo singled to left. Odor singled to right, Choo to second. Calhoun lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Minor pitching for Rangers. Martin flied out to right. Alberto singled to left. Wilkerson hit for Mancini. Wilkerson lined out to center. Alberto to second on fielder's indifference. Santander grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Wilkerson at second base. Stewart in right field. Givens pitching for Orioles. Solak walked. Forsythe struck out swinging. Guzmán struck out swinging. DeShields lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Guerrieri pitching for Rangers. Núñez grounded out to third. Stewart walked. Trumbo singled to center, Stewart to second. Wynns ran for Trumbo. Hays walked, Wynns to second, Stewart to third. Severino walked, Stewart scored, Hays to second, Wynns to third. Farrell pitching for Rangers. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wynns scored, Severino out at second, Hays to third. Martin to second on fielder's indifference. Alberto struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Orioles 4.	Rangers beat Orioles 10-4 to complete 4-game sweep