Red Sox - Top 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Benintendi struck out swinging. Betts flied out to center. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Dyson grounded out to third. Escobar struck out swinging. Peralta singled to deep center. Jones reached first base on catcher's interference, Jones to first on error by catcher Swihart, Peralta to second on error by Swihart. Rick Porcello pitches to Adam Jones. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez grounded out to third. Bogaerts flied out to right. Devers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Marte struck out looking. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. Avila struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Swihart singled to right. Holt grounded out to first, Swihart to second. Porcello grounded out to first, Swihart to third. Benintendi doubled to deep left, Swihart scored. Betts reached on infield single to shortstop, Benintendi to third. Moreland grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Godley singled to right. Dyson reached on infield single to pitcher, Godley to second. Escobar walked, Dyson to second, Godley to third. Peralta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Godley scored, Escobar out at second, Dyson to third. Jones walked. Jones caught stealing second, second to first. Rick Porcello pitches to Christian Walker. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts grounded out to third. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Walker grounded out to second. Marte homered to right (443 feet). Ahmed doubled to left. Ahmed to third on wild pitch by Porcello. Avila walked. Godley singled to center, Ahmed scored, Avila to second. Dyson reached on infield single to second, Avila scored, Godley to third. Escobar grounded out to first, Godley scored, Dyson to second. Peralta flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Swihart grounded out to shortstop. Holt struck out swinging. Porcello grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Jones homered to left (387 feet). Walker struck out looking. Marte struck out looking. Ahmed singled to center. Avila doubled to right center, Ahmed scored. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Godley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Benintendi struck out swinging. Betts walked. Betts to second on wild pitch by Godley. Betts to third on wild pitch by Godley. Moreland struck out swinging. Martinez walked. Bogaerts walked, Martinez to second. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Devers grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Dyson singled to center. Escobar reached on infield single to second, Dyson to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Jones doubled to deep center, Dyson scored, Escobar to third. Walker intentionally walked. Marte homered to left (423 feet), Escobar scored, Jones scored and Walker scored. Ahmed hit ground rule double to deep right. Avila grounded out to second, Ahmed to third. Vargas hit for Chafin. Vargas homered to left (396 feet), Ahmed scored. Dyson grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Marte at shortstop. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Vargas at second base. Swihart grounded out to second. Holt grounded out to shortstop. Bradley Jr. hit for Johnson. Bradley Jr. grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Thornburg pitching for Red Sox. Bradley Jr. in right field. Escobar lined out to right. Peralta singled to right. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Benintendi singled to right center. Betts homered to center (417 feet), Benintendi scored. Moreland grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers singled to left, Bogaerts to second. Swihart doubled to left, Devers scored and Bogaerts scored. Holt grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Núñez pitching for Red Sox. Marte grounded out to second. Koch flied out to center. Avila homered to left (371 feet). Vargas flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Koch pitching for Diamondbacks. Núñez reached on infield single to catcher. Benintendi grounded into fielder's choice to first, Núñez out at second. Betts hit ground rule double to deep right center, Benintendi to third. Moreland homered to left (371 feet), Benintendi scored and Betts scored. López pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez singled to left center. Bogaerts grounded into double play, second to first, Martinez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Diamondbacks 15.	Marte 2 HRs, 5 RBIs, Diamondbacks rout wobbling Red Sox 15-8