Mariners - Top 1st. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Haniger walked. Crawford doubled to deep left, Haniger to third. Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to left, Haniger scored. Vogelbach lined out to second. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Benintendi struck out swinging. Betts grounded out to shortstop. Martinez homered to left center (384 feet). Bogaerts walked. Devers singled to right, Bogaerts to third. Chavis singled to right, Bogaerts scored, Devers to third. Devers scored, Chavis to second on passed ball by Narváez. Devers scored, Chavis to second on passed ball by. Vázquez popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Narváez struck out looking. Bruce flied out to center. Beckham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Pearce grounded out to third. Núñez struck out swinging. Benintendi walked. Benintendi scored on error by right fielder Bruce, Betts safe at second on error by right fielder Bruce. Martinez flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 3rd. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Long walked. Haniger popped out to first. Crawford struck out swinging, Long caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Bogaerts walked. Devers grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bogaerts out at second. Chavis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Devers out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Encarnación popped out to first. Vogelbach flied out to center. Santana lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Gonzales pitching for Mariners. Vázquez doubled to left center. Pearce struck out swinging. Núñez grounded out to shortstop, Vázquez to third. Benintendi flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Velazquez pitching for Red Sox. Narváez homered to right (400 feet). Bruce struck out swinging. Beckham lined out to center. Long flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Markel pitching for Mariners. Betts lined out to right. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts walked. Devers doubled to right, Bogaerts to third. Chavis singled to deep right, Bogaerts scored and Devers scored. Vázquez singled to center, Chavis to third. Vázquez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Parker Markel pitches to Steve Pearce. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Walden pitching for Red Sox. Haniger struck out swinging. Crawford lined out to center. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Swarzak pitching for Mariners. Pearce struck out swinging. Núñez popped out to first. Benintendi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Walden pitching for Red Sox. Vogelbach struck out swinging. Santana lined out to left. Narváez doubled to right. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Altavilla pitching for Mariners. Betts walked. Martinez walked, Betts to second. Bogaerts walked, Martinez to second, Betts to third. Devers grounded out to first, Betts scored, Bogaerts to second, Martinez to third. Chavis singled to right, Martinez scored and Bogaerts scored. Vázquez walked, Chavis to second. Wright pitching for Mariners. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vázquez out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Long lined out to third. Haniger singled to deep right. Crawford safe at first on error by first baseman Pearce, Haniger to second. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi struck out swinging. Betts doubled to deep right center. Martinez homered to left (387 feet), Betts scored. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers singled to right, Bogaerts to second. Chavis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Vogelbach grounded out to first. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Narváez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Red Sox 11.	Martinez 2 HRs, Chavis 5 RBIs as Red Sox pound M's 11-2