Red Sox - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Betts struck out swinging. Benintendi grounded out to first. Martinez homered to left (387 feet). Bogaerts flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Price pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu flied out to right. Voit struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Devers popped out to first. Vázquez reached on infield single to first. Chavis singled to left center, Vázquez to third. Núñez singled to right, Vázquez scored, Núñez thrown out at second, Chavis to third. Travis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Price pitching for Red Sox. Hicks popped out to first. Torres struck out swinging. Urshela lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Betts flied out to center. Benintendi struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Price pitching for Red Sox. Frazier struck out swinging. Romine grounded out to third. Gardner lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts homered to left (414 feet). Devers struck out swinging. Vázquez grounded out to second. Chavis flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Price pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Voit homered to left center (436 feet). Sánchez singled to left. Hicks singled to center, Sánchez to second. Torres singled to left, Hicks to second, Sánchez to third. Urshela hit sacrifice fly to center, Sánchez scored, Hicks to third. Hicks caught stealing home, third to pitcher. David Price pitches to Clint Frazier. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Núñez struck out swinging. Travis struck out swinging. Betts flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Price pitching for Red Sox. Frazier flied out to left. Romine struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Benintendi singled to left. Martinez singled to left, Benintendi to second. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Devers struck out swinging, Benintendi caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Price pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu struck out looking. Voit struck out looking. Sánchez walked. Hicks flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Vázquez walked. Chavis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vázquez out at second. Núñez singled to right, Chavis scored on error by right fielder Frazier, Núñez safe at third on error by right fielder Frazier. Holt hit for Travis. Holt reached on infield single to second, Núñez scored. Betts popped out to second. Benintendi singled to right center, Holt scored, Benintendi to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Chavis at first base. Holt at second base. Price pitching for Red Sox. Torres singled to left. Urshela flied out to right. Frazier singled to left, Torres to second. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Romine struck out swinging. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts doubled to left. Devers singled to center, Bogaerts scored. Hale pitching for Yankees. Vázquez grounded out to catcher, Devers to second. Chavis tripled to right, Devers scored. Núñez grounded out to pitcher. Holt flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. LeMahieu singled to left center. Voit walked, LeMahieu to second. Sánchez walked, Voit to second, LeMahieu to third. LeMahieu scored on balk, Sánchez to second on balk, Voit to third on balk. Hicks grounded out to first, Voit scored, Sánchez to third. Torres hit sacrifice fly to right, Sánchez scored. Urshela struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Hale pitching for Yankees. Betts grounded out to third. Benintendi grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Betts in right field. Bradley Jr. in center field. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Frazier reached on infield single to third, Frazier safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts. Morales hit for Romine. Morales grounded out to pitcher, Frazier to third. Gardner struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Yankees 5.	Price finally solves Yankees as Red Sox win 8-5 to stop skid