Red Sox - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Betts tripled to deep center. Devers grounded out to second, Betts scored. Vázquez grounded out to shortstop. Benintendi tripled to deep right. Chavis singled to right center, Benintendi scored. Bradley Jr. lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Reyes grounded out to third. Castellanos grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Holt singled to right. Hernández singled to right, Holt to second. León sacrificed to third, Hernández to second, Holt to third. Betts doubled to left, Hernández scored and Holt scored. Devers popped out to second. Vázquez singled to right center, Betts scored. Benintendi singled to right, Vázquez to second. Chavis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop. Candelario struck out swinging. Castro fouled out to left. Goodrum walked, Stewart to second. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Bradley Jr. lined out to center. Holt singled to right center. Hernández singled to left, Holt to second. León struck out swinging. Betts lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to first. Castellanos singled to center, Castellanos safe at second on error by center fielder Bradley Jr.. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Devers singled to deep right. Vázquez doubled to deep left, Devers to third. Benintendi doubled to left, Devers scored, Vázquez to third. Chavis lined out to second. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Bradley Jr. walked. Holt hit sacrifice fly to center, Vázquez scored, Benintendi to third. Hernández popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Stewart singled to deep center. Candelario homered to right (398 feet), Stewart scored. Castro tripled to deep right center. Goodrum flied out to center. Beckham flied out to left. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Hardy pitching for Tigers. León grounded out to shortstop. Betts grounded out to third. Devers grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Reyes fouled out to third. Castellanos flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Jimenez pitching for Tigers. Vázquez struck out swinging. Benintendi flied out to right. Chavis walked. Bradley Jr. flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Stewart struck out swinging. Candelario homered to right (350 feet). Castro singled to left. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castro out at second. Beckham singled to right, Goodrum to second. Beckham to second on wild pitch by Porcello, Goodrum to third on wild pitch by Porcello. Wilson singled to left, Goodrum scored and Beckham scored. Brewer pitching for Red Sox. Reyes tripled to left, Wilson scored. Castellanos struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Núñez hit for Holt. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Núñez grounded out to second. Hernández singled to left. León safe at first on error by shortstop Goodrum, Hernández to second. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Betts walked, León to second, Hernández to third. Devers grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hernández scored on throwing error by pitcher Farmer, Betts to second, León to third. Vázquez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Devers out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Núñez at shortstop. Taylor pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Stewart singled to right, Cabrera to second. Candelario struck out swinging. Castro singled to right, Stewart to second, Cabrera to third. Goodrum grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castro to second, Stewart to third, Cabrera out at home. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Benintendi reached on infield single to shortstop. Chavis struck out swinging. Bradley Jr. struck out swinging, Benintendi stole second. Núñez singled to center, Benintendi scored. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Hicks hit for Wilson. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Hicks grounded out to second. Reyes grounded out to first. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Hicks catching. Adams pitching for Tigers. León walked. Betts singled to left, León to second. Devers flied out to left, León to third. Vázquez hit sacrifice fly to left, León scored. Benintendi grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera singled to center. Dixon ran for Cabrera. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to first, Dixon out at second. Candelario grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stewart out at second in rundown. Candelario to second on fielder's indifference. Castro walked, Candelario to third on fielder's indifference. Castro to second on fielder's indifference. Goodrum popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - Tigers 6.	Betts, Benintendi lead Red Sox to 10-6 win over Tigers