Red Sox - Top 1st. Paddack pitching for Padres. Betts doubled to deep left center. Devers reached on infield single to third, Betts to third. Bogaerts fouled out to first. Martinez homered to left center (392 feet), Betts scored and Devers scored. Benintendi popped out to third. Vázquez grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Margot singled to center. Mejía grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Margot out at second. Machado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Moreland walked. Holt singled to right, Moreland to second. Rodríguez sacrificed to pitcher, Holt to second, Moreland to third. Betts hit sacrifice fly to left, Moreland scored. Devers doubled to deep right, Holt scored. Bogaerts doubled to deep right, Devers scored. Martinez grounded out to shortstop, Martinez safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer, Bogaerts safe at third on error by shortstop Urías. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Renfroe struck out looking. Hosmer singled to center. Myers grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Benintendi singled to left center. Vázquez flied out to center. Erlin pitching for Padres. Moreland singled to shallow left, Benintendi to second. Holt struck out looking. Rodríguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. France struck out looking. Urías grounded out to pitcher. Erlin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Betts flied out to right. Devers singled to center. Bogaerts walked, Devers to second. Bogaerts to second on wild pitch by Erlin, Devers to third on wild pitch by Erlin. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to left, Devers scored. Benintendi grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Margot reached on infield single to pitcher. Mejía walked, Margot to second. Machado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mejía out at second, Margot to third. Renfroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Vázquez grounded out to third. Moreland grounded out to first. Holt fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer grounded out to second. Myers lined out to center. France grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Erlin pitching for Padres. Rodríguez safe at first on error by first baseman Hosmer. Betts singled to left, Rodríguez to second. Devers grounded out to pitcher, Betts to second, Rodríguez to third. Yardley pitching for Padres. Naylor in left field. Bogaerts singled to left, Rodríguez scored, Betts to third. Martinez homered to left (375 feet), Betts scored and Bogaerts scored. Benintendi lined out to center. Vázquez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Urías struck out looking. Naylor singled to left. Margot struck out swinging. Mejía lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Garcia at second base. France at third base. Yardley pitching for Padres. Moreland grounded out to second. Holt grounded out to second. Rodríguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Garcia struck out swinging. Renfroe singled to left. Hosmer grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Renfroe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Yardley pitching for Padres. Betts flied out to left. Devers grounded out to second. Hernández hit for Bogaerts. Hernández reached on infield single to third, Hernández safe at first on error. Martinez singled to left, Hernández to second. Owings ran for Martinez. Benintendi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Betts in right field. Travis in left field. Hernández at second base. Owings at third base. Benintendi in center field. Hedges hit for Yardley. León catching. Holt at shortstop. León catching. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Hedges struck out swinging. France flied out to left. Urías lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Báez pitching for Padres. Travis grounded out to second. Moreland safe at first on error by left fielder Naylor. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holt safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Urías, Moreland out at second. León flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Naylor grounded out to second. Margot flied out to center. Mejía safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mejía out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Red Sox 11 - Padres 0.	Martinez drives in 7 as Red Sox beat Padres 11-0