Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Womack grounded out to second. Cintron lined out to first. Gonzalez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Loretta grounded out to second. Klesko doubled to deep center. White fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Finley flied out to right. Bautista popped out to first. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs flied out to left. Nady grounded out to third. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Spivey flied out to left center. Barajas struck out swinging. Schilling grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Bennett flied out to deep left. Tollberg grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Womack grounded out to second. Cintron flied out to center. Gonzalez lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Loretta flied out to left. Klesko struck out swinging. White safe at first on error by shortstop Womack. Burroughs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Finley walked. Bautista reached on bunt single to pitcher, Finley to second. Overbay singled to left, Finley to third, Bautista to second. Spivey singled to center, Finley scored, Bautista to third, Overbay to second. Barajas hit sacrifice fly to center, Bautista scored, Overbay to third. Schilling sacrificed to pitcher, Spivey to second. Womack grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Nady doubled to right center. Matthews Jr lined into double play, second to shortstop, Nady doubled off second. Bennett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Tollberg pitching for Padres. Cintron singled to center. Orosco pitching for Padres. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Orosco. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Finley singled to left, Cintron scored, Finley thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. Bautista singled to left. Lockhart hit for Orosco. Overbay popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Lockhart flied out to center. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Loretta singled to right center. Lockhart at second base. Wright pitching for Padres. Klesko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wright pitching for Padres. Spivey doubled to deep right. Barajas grounded out to third. Spivey to third on wild pitch by Wright. Schilling walked. Womack tripled to right center, Spivey and Schilling scored. Cintron singled to right, Womack scored. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cintron out at second. Finley homered to right, Gonzalez scored. Bautista struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. White flied out to deep left center. Burroughs grounded out to pitcher. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Ojeda catching. Merloni in left field. Nady grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Padres. Overbay walked. Spivey flied out to deep right. Barajas singled to center, Overbay to third. Villarreal struck out swinging. Womack flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews Jr grounded out to first. Ojeda flied out to right. Lockhart doubled to right center. Hansen hit for Wright. Vazquez singled to center, Lockhart scored. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Buchanan hit for Hansen. Buchanan walked, Vazquez to second. Buchanan at first base. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Klesko fouled out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Cintron popped out to third. Gonzalez singled to left. Finley singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Bautista flied out to left. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Merloni grounded out to third. Burroughs singled to right. Nady reached on infield single to shortstop, Burroughs to second. Matthews Jr singled to right, Burroughs scored, Nady to third. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady scored, Matthews Jr out at second. Lockhart fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 3.	Mixed results: Schilling gets win, bruised hand