Padres - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay struck out swinging. Loretta flied out to right. Klesko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Hart fouled out to catcher. Edmonds grounded out to shortstop. Pujols hit by pitch. Hackman pitching for Padres. Ojeda catching. Palmeiro ran for Pujols. Palmeiro to second on passed ball by Ojeda. Palmeiro in left field. Martinez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs struck out swinging. Matthews Jr hit ground rule double to left. Vazquez walked. Nady lined into double play, first to shortstop, Matthews Jr doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hackman pitching for Padres. Perez struck out swinging. Renteria struck out looking. Robinson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Ojeda singled to left. Hackman struck out bunting foul. Kotsay struck out swinging. Loretta singled to left, Ojeda to third, Loretta out at first trying to return to base. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hackman pitching for Padres. Matheny singled to left. Haren grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matheny out at second. Hart walked. Edmonds flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Klesko walked. Burroughs flied out to left. Matthews Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Klesko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Hackman pitching for Padres. Palmeiro singled to left. Martinez walked. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Perez lined out to center. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Palmeiro to third, Martinez safe at second on error by shortstop Vazquez. Robinson grounded out to first, Palmeiro scored, Martinez to third, Renteria to second. Matheny intentionally walked. Haren struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez singled to left. Nady grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Hart flied out to deep center. Edmonds grounded out to first. Palmeiro popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Linebrink singled to left. Kotsay lined into double play, third to first, Linebrink doubled off first. Loretta safe at first on error by third baseman Perez. Klesko grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Martinez struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Delgado at third base. Renteria flied out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs singled to right. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Vazquez singled to right, Burroughs to second. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Nady struck out swinging. Hansen hit for Linebrink. Ojeda singled to left center, Burroughs scored, Vazquez to second. Matthews pitching for Padres. Hansen grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Matthews pitching for Padres. Robinson tripled to right. Rolen hit for Simontacchi. Matheny hit sacrifice fly to right, Robinson scored. Rolen struck out swinging. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Hart fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay struck out swinging. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Klesko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Matthews pitching for Padres. Edmonds singled to center. Palmeiro bunted into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds safe at second on error by third baseman Burroughs. Martinez grounded out to first, Edmonds to third, Palmeiro to second. Beck pitching for Padres. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Edmonds scored, Palmeiro to third. Renteria grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Delgado out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Matthews Jr flied out to left. Vazquez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Cardinals 3.	Pujols punched out for hitting Padre in face