Padres - Top 1st. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews Jr walked. Merloni struck out looking, Matthews Jr stole second. Loretta struck out swinging. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Kata singled to left. Cintron homered to right, Kata scored. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi walked, Gonzalez to second. Finley flied out to deep left. Hillenbrand singled to left, Gonzalez to third, Mondesi to second. Spivey hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Hammock hit by pitch, Mondesi to third, Hillenbrand to second. Johnson grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. White struck out looking. Buchanan singled to left. Burroughs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Buchanan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Kata doubled to right. Cintron struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to center, Kata scored. Mondesi flied out to deep left center. Gonzalez stole second. Finley walked. Hillenbrand flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Bennett singled to center. Peavy struck out bunting foul. Matthews Jr walked, Bennett to second. Merloni singled to left, Bennett to third, Matthews Jr to second. Loretta hit sacrifice fly to center, Bennett scored, Matthews Jr to third. Nevin popped out to shallow right center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Spivey walked. Hammock homered to right center, Spivey scored. Wright pitching for Padres. Johnson struck out swinging. Kata popped out to shallow left center. Cintron reached on infield single to catcher. Cintron to second on wild pitch by Wright. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. White grounded out to shortstop. Buchanan singled to right center. Burroughs tripled to deep center, Buchanan scored. Bennett grounded out to third, Burroughs scored. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wright pitching for Padres. Finley tripled to center. Hillenbrand hit sacrifice fly to center, Finley scored. Spivey grounded out to second. Hammock lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews Jr doubled to center. Merloni grounded out to catcher, Matthews Jr to third. Loretta bunt popped out foul to catcher. Nevin singled to left, Matthews Jr scored. White singled to center, Nevin to second. Buchanan grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. McCracken hit for Johnson. Wright pitching for Padres. McCracken walked. Kata grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCracken out at second. Cintron singled to left. Gonzalez doubled to deep left center, Cintron scored. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Mondesi grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs doubled to left. Ojeda hit for Wright. Bennett lined out to left. Ojeda walked. Roa pitching for Padres. Matthews Jr lined into double play, first to shortstop, Burroughs doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Roa pitching for Padres. Finley grounded out to second. Hillenbrand flied out to shallow center. Spivey singled to left. Baerga hit for Oropesa. Hammock singled to left, Spivey to second. Matthews pitching for Padres. Baerga reached on infield single to shortstop, Spivey to third, Hammock to second. Kata singled to center, Spivey and Hammock scored, Baerga to third. Cintron walked, Kata to second, Baerga scored on wild pitch by Matthews. Cintron batting. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Merloni walked. Loretta flied out to right. Nevin grounded out to third, Merloni to second. White singled to center, Merloni scored. Buchanan walked, White to second. Kotsay in center field. Matthews Jr in right field. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Burroughs flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Mondesi hit by pitch. Finley fouled out to third. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Spivey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Kata at second base. Counsell at third base. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Bennett singled to left. Kotsay walked, Bennett to second. Matthews Jr hit by pitch, Bennett to third, Kotsay to second. Merloni grounded out to shortstop, Bennett scored, Kotsay to third, Matthews Jr to second. Loretta singled to left, Kotsay and Matthews Jr scored. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Nevin singled to left, Loretta to second. Klesko hit for Linebrink. White fouled out to catcher. Klesko flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Hammock struck out looking. Counsell struck out swinging. Kata popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Burroughs grounded out to second. Bennett singled to right. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bennett out at second. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Diamondbacks 11.	Offensive support helps Big Unit end skid