Padres - Top 1st. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Burroughs popped out to second. Loretta grounded out to pitcher. Giles reached on infield single to second. Nevin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Biggio lined out to shortstop. Vizcaino flied out to left center. Bagwell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Klesko grounded out to second. Kotsay singled to right. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop, Kotsay to second. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Berkman walked. Hidalgo singled to center, Berkman to second. Ensberg walked, Berkman to third, Hidalgo to second. Ausmus singled to left, Berkman scored, Hidalgo to third, Ensberg to second. Everett popped out to second. Fernandez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hidalgo out at home, Ensberg to third, Ausmus to second, Ensberg scored, Ausmus to third on throwing error by catcher Ojeda. Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop, Ausmus scored, Fernandez to second. Vizcaino hit ground rule double to right, Fernandez scored, Biggio to third. Bagwell struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Jarvis struck out looking. Burroughs flied out to center. Loretta flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Berkman homered to center. Hidalgo struck out looking. Ensberg lined out to shortstop. Ausmus grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Giles doubled to deep right center. Nevin singled to center, Giles to third. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to first, Giles scored, Nevin out at second. Kotsay flied out to left. Ojeda flied out to deep left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Everett grounded out to third. Fernandez grounded out to pitcher. Biggio reached on infield single to third, Biggio to third on throwing error by third baseman Burroughs. Vizcaino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Vazquez reached on bunt single to third. Jarvis sacrificed to pitcher, Vazquez to second. Burroughs grounded out to second, Vazquez to third. Loretta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Bagwell flied out to deep left. Berkman flied out to shallow left. Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Giles flied out to right. Nevin walked. Klesko grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nevin out at second. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Klesko out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Jarvis pitching for Padres. Ensberg homered to right. Ausmus walked. Everett grounded out to pitcher, Ausmus to second. Meluskey hit for Fernandez. Roa pitching for Padres. Matthews Jr in center field. Meluskey walked. Biggio grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Meluskey out at second, Ausmus to third. Vizcaino singled to center, Ausmus scored, Biggio to second. Lidge pitching for Astros. Bagwell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Ojeda hit by pitch. Vazquez singled to left, Ojeda to second. Matthews Jr walked, Ojeda to third, Vazquez to second. Ojeda scored, Vazquez to third, Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Lidge. Burroughs singled to left, Vazquez scored, Matthews Jr to third. Miceli pitching for Astros. Loretta singled to left, Matthews Jr scored, Burroughs to second. Giles popped out to shortstop. Nevin singled to center, Burroughs scored, Loretta to third. Gallo pitching for Astros. Klesko hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Loretta scored. Buchanan hit for Roa. Dotel pitching for Astros. Blum at second base. Hackman pitching for Padres. Buchanan struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Hackman pitching for Padres. Berkman walked. Hidalgo doubled to deep right center, Berkman to third. Ensberg grounded out to shortstop. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berkman out at home, Hidalgo to third, Ausmus to second advancing on play. Everett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Dotel pitching for Astros. Ojeda fouled out to first. Vazquez walked. Matthews Jr popped out to shallow left. Wagner pitching for Astros. Chavez catching. Burroughs singled to left, Vazquez to second. Loretta hit by pitch, Vazquez to third, Burroughs to second. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Hackman pitching for Padres. Blum singled to shallow center. Biggio popped out to first. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blum out at second. Bagwell hit by pitch, Chavez to second. Walker pitching for Padres. Berkman walked, Chavez to third, Bagwell to second. Witasick pitching for Padres. Hidalgo singled to left, Chavez and Bagwell scored, Berkman to second. Ensberg walked, Berkman to third, Hidalgo to second. Wagner walked, Berkman scored, Hidalgo to third, Ensberg to second. Everett walked, Hidalgo scored, Ensberg to third, Wagner to second. Matthews pitching for Padres. Blum grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Astros. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Klesko struck out swinging. Bennett hit for Matthews. Bennett fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Astros 11.	Astros keep pace thanks to Berkman, Ensberg