Rockies - Top 1st. Eaton pitching for Padres. Ozuna singled to shallow center. Uribe struck out swinging. Helton struck out swinging, Ozuna stole second. Ozuna to third on wild pitch by Eaton. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Vance pitching for Rockies. Burroughs singled to shallow center. Loretta walked, Burroughs to second. Giles walked, Burroughs to third, Loretta to second. Nevin popped out to second. Nady grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Payton grounded out to second. Reyes grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Vance pitching for Rockies. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to shortstop. Greene singled to right center, Matthews Jr to third. Bennett grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews Jr scored, Greene out at second. Bennett to second on balk by Vance. Eaton struck out looking. Burroughs grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Eaton pitching for Padres. Atkins singled to shallow center. Vance sacrificed to pitcher, Atkins to second. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Uribe fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Vance pitching for Rockies. Loretta flied out to center. Giles hit ground rule double to deep right center. Giles stole third. Nevin safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Vance. Nady singled to center, Giles scored, Nevin to second. Matthews Jr walked, Nevin to third, Nady to second. Greene grounded into double play, shortstop to right to left to second, Nevin scored, Nady out at third, Matthews Jr out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Helton singled to shallow left. Wilson flied out to center. Payton flied out to right. Reyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Bennett doubled to deep left. Eaton hit by pitch. Burroughs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Eaton out at second, Bennett to third. Loretta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Burroughs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Johnson popped out to second. Atkins flied out to right. Vance flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Giles lined out to shortstop. Nevin flied out to center. Nady struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Ozuna singled to shallow center. Uribe fouled out to catcher. Helton walked, Ozuna to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. Greene flied out to left. Bennett walked. Eaton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Eaton pitching for Padres. Reyes struck out looking. Johnson flied out to center. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Reed pitching for Rockies. Giles singled to shallow center. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Sweeney hit for Reed. Nevin flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Sweeney singled to left center. Norton hit for Uribe. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sweeney out at second. Matthews pitching for Padres. Barmes ran for Norton. Norton singled to shallow left center, Ozuna to second. Ozuna to third, Barmes to second on wild pitch by Matthews. Witasick pitching for Padres. Helton struck out swinging. Barmes at shortstop. Speier pitching for Rockies. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Nady singled to center. Matthews Jr doubled to left, Nady to third. Hansen hit for Bennett. Greene struck out swinging. Kotsay hit for Witasick. Hansen intentionally walked. Kotsay doubled to deep left, Nady and Matthews Jr scored, Hansen to third. Burroughs intentionally walked. Loretta flied out to right. Ojeda catching. Villafuerte pitching for Padres. Giles grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Villafuerte pitching for Padres. Payton singled to shallow center. Reyes struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. Payton to second on fielder's indifference. Bellhorn hit for Speier. Atkins singled to shallow center, Payton to third. Bellhorn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 0 - Padres 5.	San Diego 5, Colorado 0