Mariners - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Suzuki fouled out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Silva pitching for Mariners . Gerut flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Vidro safe at first on error by pitcher Baek . Beltre reached on infield single to third , Vidro to second . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second , Vidro to third . Clement flied out to left . Vidro caught stealing home , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to catcher to third . Betancourt batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez flied out to center . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Silva bunted into double play , first to shortstop to second , Betancourt out at second . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Silva pitching for Mariners . Greene flied out to left . Barrett singled to center . Baek bunt popped out to pitcher . Gerut grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Lopez singled to left . Ibanez flied out to right . Vidro struck out swinging . Lopez stole second . Beltre doubled to deep left , Lopez scored . Reed doubled to deep right , Beltre scored . Clement flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez singled to right center . Giles grounded out to first , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Kouzmanoff lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Betancourt flied out to right . Silva struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Headley popped out to second . Greene doubled to left . Barrett popped out to second . Baek struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez singled to right center , Lopez to second . Vidro walked , Lopez to third , Ibanez to second . Beltre reached on infield single to third , Lopez scored , Ibanez to third , Vidro to second . Corey pitching for Padres . Reed grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at home , Vidro to third , Beltre to second . Clement hit sacrifice fly to center , Vidro scored . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reed out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Gerut singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gerut out at second . Giles singled to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Corey pitching for Padres . Silva struck out looking . Suzuki popped out to third . Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 7th . Silva pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff singled to center . Headley flied out to center . Greene singled to center , Kouzmanoff to second . Barrett grounded out to third , Kouzmanoff to third , Greene to second . Clark hit for Corey . Clark singled to center , Kouzmanoff and Greene scored . Wolf ran for Clark . Gerut grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wolf out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Padres . Vidro doubled to deep left center . Cairo ran for Vidro . Beltre grounded out to second , Cairo to third . Reed bunt popped into double play , third to pitcher , Cairo doubled off third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Cairo at first base . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Gonzalez singled to center . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Adams pitching for Padres . Clement struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Bloomquist hit for Rhodes . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Headley singled to deep right . Greene flied out to center . McAnulty hit for Barrett . McAnulty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Padres 2 .	Silva tops Padres for overdue win