Padres - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to left . Giles singled to right . Kouzmanoff grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Banks pitching for Padres . Ojeda walked . Young walked , Ojeda to second . Jackson singled to right , Ojeda scored , Young to second . Dunn walked , Young to third , Jackson to second . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right , Young scored , Jackson to third , Dunn to second on throwing error by right fielder Giles . Tracy intentionally walked . Snyder singled to left , Jackson scored , Dunn to third , Tracy to second . Burke hit sacrifice fly to right , Dunn scored , Tracy to third . Davis grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center . Headley singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Hundley walked , Gonzalez to third , Headley to second . Iguchi singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Headley to third , Hundley to second . Kazmar hit sacrifice fly to right , Headley scored , Hundley to third . Banks struck out looking . Hairston grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Banks pitching for Padres . Ojeda flied out to left . Young doubled to deep left . Jackson flied out to center , Young to third . Dunn popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles grounded out to first . Kouzmanoff safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ojeda . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kouzmanoff out at second . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Banks pitching for Padres . Reynolds grounded out to third . Tracy walked . Snyder walked , Tracy to second . Burke struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked . Iguchi struck out looking . Kazmar flied out to center . Banks grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Banks pitching for Padres . Ojeda struck out looking . Young walked . Young stole second . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Dunn homered to right , Young scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston flied out to left . Giles struck out looking . Kouzmanoff singled to right . Gonzalez singled to center , Kouzmanoff to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Tracy struck out swinging . Snyder walked . Burke fouled out to catcher . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley singled to center . Iguchi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hundley out at second . Kazmar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Ojeda singled to left . Young grounded out to third , Ojeda to second . Tomko pitching for Padres . Gonzalez at second base . Jackson popped out to shortstop . Dunn intentionally walked . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Giles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Tomko pitching for Padres . Tracy grounded out to second . Snyder flied out to center . Burke flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Diamondbacks . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right . Headley walked , Gonzalez to second . Hundley struck out swinging . Gerut hit for Tomko . Gerut singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Headley to second . Myrow hit for Kazmar . Myrow flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez at shortstop . Falkenborg pitching for Padres . Salazar hit for Rauch . Salazar walked . Ojeda singled to left , Salazar to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salazar out at third , Ojeda to second . Jackson singled to center , Ojeda scored , Young to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center . Hairston struck out swinging . Giles walked . Kouzmanoff singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Giles to second . Gonzalez singled to center , Gonzalez and Giles scored , Kouzmanoff to third . Headley singled to right , Kouzmanoff scored , Gonzalez to third . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gonzalez out at home , Headley to third , Hundley to second . Rodriguez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Dunn hits HR No . 33 as D - backs survive Padres