Giants - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Winn walked . Schierholtz singled to right , Winn to second . Sandoval flied out to center . Ishikawa singled to center , Winn scored , Schierholtz to third . Rowand lined out to third . McClain flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Giants . Venable grounded out to first . Gonzalez fouled out to first . Giles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Padres . Velez fouled out to third . Vizquel flied out to left . Zito walked . Winn grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Giants . Gonzalez singled to center . Kouzmanoff walked , Gonzalez to second . Headley singled to left , Gonzalez to third , Kouzmanoff to second . Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop , Gonzalez scored , Kouzmanoff to third , Headley to second . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Kouzmanoff scored , Headley to third . Bard hit for Baek . Bard walked , Hundley to second . Venable popped out to third . Gonzalez singled to left , Headley and Hundley scored , Bard to second . Giles walked , Bard to third , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Hensley pitching for Padres . Schierholtz grounded out to second . Sandoval grounded out to second . Ishikawa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . Headley walked . Hundley popped out to shortstop . Headley caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Hensley pitching for Padres . Rowand singled to center . McClain doubled to left , Rowand to third . Velez grounded out to shortstop , Rowand scored , McClain to third . Vizquel grounded out to first . Zito grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Giants . Rodriguez doubled to left . Hensley bunt popped out to pitcher . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Zito . Venable singled to right center , Rodriguez scored . Gonzalez singled to center , Venable to second . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gonzalez out at second , Venable to third , Venable scored , Giles to second on throwing error by shortstop Vizquel . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 5th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Winn struck out swinging . Schierholtz singled to right . Sandoval lined into double play , third to first , Schierholtz doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff flied out to left . Headley flied out to right . Hundley walked . Rodriguez singled to center , Hundley to second . Antonelli hit for Hampson . Correia pitching for Giants . Antonelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Ishikawa singled to left . Rowand singled to center , Ishikawa to second . McClain singled to center , Ishikawa scored , Rowand to second . Velez singled to right , Rowand to third , McClain to second . Vizquel singled to right , Rowand and McClain scored , Velez to third . Roberts hit for Correia . Adams pitching for Padres . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to center , Velez scored . Vizquel stole second . Winn struck out swinging . Schierholtz grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Venable walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . Venable caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Giles singled to center . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Adams pitching for Padres . Sandoval grounded out to second . Ishikawa grounded out to first . Rowand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Yabu pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Headley struck out swinging . Hundley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Padres . McClain struck out swinging . Velez singled to center . Vizquel lined into double play , second to first , Velez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Yabu pitching for Giants . Rodriguez walked . Kazmar hit for Bell . Kazmar sacrificed to first , Rodriguez to second . Hinshaw pitching for Giants . Venable singled to left , Rodriguez thrown out at home , Venable to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez walked . Giles walked , Venable to third , Gonzalez to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Hoffman pitching for Padres . Molina hit for Hinshaw . Molina flied out to right . Winn grounded out to second . Schierholtz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Kouzmanoff flied out to left . Headley grounded out to first . Hundley walked . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 10th . Hayhurst pitching for Padres . Macias in left field . Sandoval doubled to deep right center . Ishikawa singled to left , Sandoval to third . Sandoval scored on Hayhurst 's wild pitch . Rowand walked , Ishikawa to second . Patterson pitching for Padres . McClain struck out swinging . Velez struck out looking . Vizquel walked , Ishikawa to third , Rowand to second . Aurilia hit for Romo . Aurilia walked , Ishikawa scored , Rowand to third , Vizquel to second . Winn struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 10th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Macias struck out swinging . Venable grounded out to first . Gonzalez singled to center . Giles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Padres 6 .	Giants take advantage of wild Padres