Rangers - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . DeShields doubled to left . Choo struck out swinging . Profar grounded out to second , DeShields to third . Mazara grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Lindor grounded out to third . Kipnis struck out swinging . Ramírez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Gallo walked . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . Gallo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Encarnación popped out to first . Gomes struck out swinging . Guyer walked . Davis singled to shallow left , Guyer to second . Guyer to third , Davis to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Pérez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Chirinos struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to first . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Zimmer grounded out to second . Lindor struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Choo singled to right . Profar singled to right , Choo to second . Mazara flied out to left , Choo to third , Profar to second . Gallo grounded out to second , Choo scored , Profar to third . Kiner - Falefa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Ramírez struck out swinging , Ramírez safe at first on wild pitch by Hamels . Encarnación flied out to center . Gomes hit by pitch , Ramírez to second . Guyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomes out at second , Ramírez to third , Ramírez scored on error by second baseman Robinson . Guyer to second on wild pitch by Hamels . Davis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Guzman struck out looking . Chirinos struck out looking . Robinson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Pérez struck out swinging . Zimmer walked . Lindor singled to left , Zimmer to second . Kipnis doubled to deep center , Zimmer scored , Lindor to third . Ramírez lined out to left . Encarnación struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . DeShields walked . Choo struck out looking . Profar grounded out to first , DeShields to second . Mazara intentionally walked . Gallo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gomes singled to shallow left . Guyer walked , Gomes to second . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Davis sacrificed to pitcher , Gomes to third , Guyer to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Zimmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Kiner - Falefa grounded out to shortstop . Guzman struck out swinging . Chirinos homered to right . Olson pitching for Indians . Robinson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Lindor singled to center . Kipnis singled to right , Lindor to third . Ramírez singled to left , Lindor scored , Kipnis to second . Jepsen pitching for Rangers . Encarnación grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second , Kipnis to third . Gomes walked . Brantley hit for Guyer . Brantley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Alonso at first base . Naquin in right field . Olson pitching for Indians . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeShields out at second . Choo to second on wild pitch by Olson . Profar doubled to left , Choo scored . Mazara doubled to deep center , Profar scored . Allen pitching for Indians . Gallo grounded out to shortstop , Mazara to third . Kiner - Falefa walked . Guzman hit by pitch , Kiner - Falefa to second . Chirinos flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Martin pitching for Rangers . Davis singled to center . Pérez bunt popped out foul to catcher . Zimmer singled to left , Davis to second . Davis stole third . Lindor reached on infield single to pitcher , Davis scored , Zimmer to second . Kipnis flied out to right . Ramírez doubled to deep right , Zimmer scored , Lindor to third . Chavez pitching for Rangers . Alonso singled to right , Lindor and Ramírez scored . Gomes struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Robinson singled to deep right . DeShields struck out swinging . Robinson to second on fielder 's indifference . Choo walked . Profar grounded out to second , Robinson to third , Choo to second . Mazara reached on infield single to third , Robinson scored , Choo to third . Beliveau pitching for Indians . Rua ran for Mazara . Gallo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Indians 7 .	Indians rally for 7 - 5 win over Rangers