Tigers - Top 1st . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Candelario walked . Candelario picked off first . Stewart flied out to center . Castellanos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Lindor homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Brantley homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Hall pitching for Tigers . Ramírez singled to center . Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Hall . Encarnación safe at first on error by first baseman Adduci , Ramírez scored . Alonso grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnación safe at second on error by second baseman Lugo . Cabrera singled to center , Encarnación to third , Alonso to second . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnación scored , Cabrera out at second , Alonso to third . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to left , Alonso scored , Díaz to second . Pérez singled to right , Díaz scored . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Martínez grounded out to third . Adduci grounded out to pitcher . McCann grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Hall pitching for Tigers . Brantley walked . Ramírez doubled to right , Brantley scored , Ramírez to third on error by right fielder Castellanos . Encarnación singled to right , Ramírez scored . Alonso singled to right , Encarnación to third . Cabrera singled to left center , Encarnación scored , Alonso to second . Díaz singled to right , Alonso to third , Cabrera to second . Kipnis hit by pitch , Alonso scored , Cabrera to third , Díaz to second . Baez pitching for Tigers . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Lindor lined out to right . Brantley walked , Díaz to third , Kipnis to second . Ramírez popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Jones struck out looking . Lugo grounded out to second . Kozma lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Baez pitching for Tigers . Encarnación walked . Alonso homered to right ( 350 feet ) , Encarnación scored . Cabrera lined out to third . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis hit by pitch . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Pérez fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Candelario grounded out to second . Stewart singled to shallow left . Stewart to second on wild pitch by Clevinger . Castellanos walked . Saltalamacchia hit for Martínez . Saltalamacchia walked , Stewart to third , Castellanos to second . Adduci struck out swinging . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Mahtook in right field . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Lindor grounded out to pitcher . Brantley singled to deep right . Ramírez tripled to deep center , Brantley scored . Encarnación singled to left center , Ramírez scored . Alonso singled to center , Encarnación to second . Reyes in center field . Davis ran for Encarnación . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Alonso out at second , Davis to third . Díaz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Allen in right field . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Kozma struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Kipnis hit ground rule double to right . Barnes ran for Kipnis . Pérez grounded out to third . Lindor safe at first on error by first baseman Adduci , Barnes to third . González ran for Lindor . Brantley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . González at shortstop . Guyer in left field . Allen in center field . Barnes in right field . Clevinger pitching for Indians . Candelario struck out swinging . Stewart flied out to left . Mahtook grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Ramírez walked . Rosales ran for Ramírez . Davis struck out swinging . Alonso lined out to left . Allen singled to right , Rosales to third . Díaz lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Rosales at second base . Haase catching . Pérez pitching for Indians . Saltalamacchia lined out to center . Adduci grounded out to shortstop . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Coleman pitching for Tigers . Barnes grounded out to third . Haase flied out to center . González doubled to deep center . Guyer walked . Rosales lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Cimber pitching for Indians . Reyes singled to left . Lugo grounded out to pitcher , Reyes to second . Kozma grounded out to third , Reyes to third . Allen pitching for Indians . Candelario grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Davis popped out to pitcher . Alonso grounded out to first . Allen walked . Díaz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Stewart struck out looking . Hand pitching for Indians . Mahtook walked . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Rodríguez hit for Adduci . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 0 - Indians 15 .	Indians capture third straight AL Central title