Pirates - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Morgan struck out looking. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop. McLouth flied out to center. Doumit hit ground rule double to deep center, Sanchez to third. Ad LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Rasmus walked. Greene grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rasmus out at second. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Moss singled to right. Vazquez walked, Moss to second. Wilson singled to center, Moss scored, Vazquez to second. Duke struck out bunting foul. Morgan singled to center, Vazquez scored, Wilson to second. Sanchez singled to left, Wilson scored, Morgan to second. McLouth walked, Morgan to third, Sanchez to second. Doumit singled to right, Morgan scored, Sanchez to third, McLouth to second, Doumit out stretching at second. Ad LaRoche fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Ludwick reached first base on catcher's interference. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ludwick batting. Ludwick stole second. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Ludwick to third. Ankiel singled to center, Ludwick scored. Freese flied out to left. Wellemeyer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Moss doubled to deep center. Vazquez grounded out to first, Moss to third. Wilson singled to left, Moss scored. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Morgan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ryan flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to left. Greene flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop. McLouth grounded out to second, Sanchez to second. Doumit struck out swinging. Ad LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick singled to left. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Moss reached on infield single to shortstop. Vazquez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Moss out at second. Wilson singled to right, Vazquez to third. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Morgan lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ankiel struck out looking, Ankiel safe at first on passed ball by Doumit. Freese flied out to right. Thurston hit for Wellemeyer. Thurston doubled to deep right, Ankiel to third. Ryan hit sacrifice fly to right, Ankiel scored, Thurston to third. Rasmus grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Thurston at second base. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez doubled to left center. McLouth homered to right, Sanchez scored. Doumit flied out to center. Ad LaRoche struck out swinging. Moss grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Greene walked. Pujols singled to center, Greene to second. Ludwick flied out to center, Greene to third, Pujols to second. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Greene scored. Ankiel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez grounded out to first. Wilson flied out to left. Duke doubled to deep right. Morgan singled to right, Duke to third. Sanchez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Freese reached on infield single to first. Thurston struck out looking. Barden hit for Thompson. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Barden flied out to right. Rasmus walked, Freese to second. Greene flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. McLouth grounded out to shortstop. Doumit grounded out to first. Ad LaRoche struck out swinging, Ad LaRoche safe at first on wild pitch by Miller. Monroe hit for Moss. Monroe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Monroe in right field. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Pujols walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right. Ankiel popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez struck out looking. Wilson singled to left. An LaRoche hit for Grabow. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Hinske hit for An LaRoche. Hinske struck out swinging. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Yates pitching for Pirates. Freese doubled to deep right. Thurston doubled to left, Freese scored, Thurston out stretching at third. Duncan hit for Franklin. Duncan walked. Capps pitching for Pirates. Rasmus flied out to center. Greene lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Cardinals 4.	Hot Sanchez goes 4-for-5 as Pirates drop Cards