Pirates - Top 1st. Hammel pitching for Rockies. McCutchen grounded out to second. Morgan struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Fowler grounded out to second. Barmes popped out to pitcher. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Ad LaRoche struck out swinging. An LaRoche singled to center. Moss doubled to deep left, An LaRoche scored. Jaramillo popped out to first. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hawpe struck out looking. Tulowitzki walked. Stewart doubled to deep right, Tulowitzki scored. Gonzalez flied out to center, Stewart to third. Iannetta walked. Hammel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iannetta out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Morton lined out to right. McCutchen grounded out to third. Morgan singled to center. Sanchez doubled to deep center, Morgan scored. Ad LaRoche flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Fowler fouled out to left. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton singled to center. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Moss singled to right. Jaramillo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Stewart tripled to deep center. Gonzalez singled to center, Stewart scored. Gonzalez stole second. Iannetta lined into double play, first to second, Gonzalez doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Morton grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Hammel grounded out to shortstop. Fowler reached on infield single to first. Fowler stole second. Barmes popped out to second. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Morgan reached on bunt single to pitcher. Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher, Morgan to second. Ad LaRoche walked. An LaRoche lined out to center. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Hawpe grounded out to second. Tulowitzki singled to left. Stewart homered to center, Tulowitzki scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Iannetta singled to center. Hammel grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Hammel pitching for Rockies. Jaramillo singled to center. Wilson singled to left, Jaramillo to second. Young hit for Burnett. Young walked, Jaramillo to third, Wilson to second. Daley pitching for Rockies. McCutchen tripled to deep left, Jaramillo, Wilson and Young scored. Morgan singled to center, McCutchen scored. Sanchez struck out swinging. Embree pitching for Rockies. Ad LaRoche lined into double play, second to first, Morgan doubled off first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Fowler grounded out to first. Barmes grounded out to third. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Rockies. An LaRoche doubled to deep left center. Moss doubled to center, An LaRoche scored. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Quintanilla at second base. Jaramillo walked. Wilson bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moss out at third, Jaramillo to second. Hinske hit for Jackson. Jaramillo picked off second. Hinske struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Stewart struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right center, Hawpe to second. Iannetta homered to center, Hawpe and Gonzalez scored. Quintanilla struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Morgan singled to right. Sanchez struck out swinging, Morgan stole second, Morgan to third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta. Ad LaRoche intentionally walked. An LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ad LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Fowler flied out to left. Smith hit for Street. Smith singled to right. Helton homered to right, Smith scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Rockies 9.	Rockies win 15th in last 16 with final homers