Brewers - Top 1st. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Lopez singled to left. Lopez caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Counsell singled to left. Braun singled to right, Counsell to third. Braun stole second. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to right, Counsell scored. Cameron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Burns pitching for Brewers. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Sanchez grounded out to second, McCutchen to third. Jones popped out to shortstop. Doumit hit by pitch. Ad LaRoche singled to center, McCutchen scored, Doumit to third. Young homered to right center, Doumit and Ad LaRoche scored. An LaRoche walked. Wilson singled to right, An LaRoche to second. Ohlendorf struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Kendall walked. Burns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Burns pitching for Brewers. McCutchen safe at first on error by third baseman Counsell. Sanchez singled to center, McCutchen to second. Jones walked, McCutchen to third, Sanchez to second. Doumit reached on infield single to shortstop, McCutchen scored, Sanchez to third, Jones to second. Ad LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez scored, Doumit out at second, Jones to third. Young struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Lopez singled to right. Counsell flied out to center. Braun lined out to center. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Burns pitching for Brewers. An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to left. Ohlendorf struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Cameron singled to center. Hart singled to center, Cameron to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hart out at second, Cameron to third. Kendall hit sacrifice fly to center, Cameron scored. Gerut hit for Burns. Gerut flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Villanueva pitching for Brewers. McCutchen flied out to left. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to center. Jones to second on wild pitch by Villanueva. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Lopez tripled to deep right. Counsell walked. Braun popped out to second. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lopez out at home, Counsell to third. Cameron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Ad LaRoche doubled to deep right center. Young struck out swinging. An LaRoche flied out to left. Wilson intentionally walked. Salazar hit for Ohlendorf. Salazar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Hart flied out to center. Hardy fouled out to first. Kendall lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. McCutchen singled to center. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second. Jones homered to left. Doumit safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Ad LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 7th. Hall hit for Villanueva. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Hall struck out swinging. Lopez walked. Counsell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Young flied out to center. An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Fielder walked. Cameron flied out to right. Hart walked, Fielder to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Karstens hit by pitch. McCutchen singled to center, Karstens to second. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Karstens scored on error by second baseman Lopez, McCutchen safe at second on error by second baseman Lopez. Jones flied out to center, McCutchen to third. Doumit grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Kendall flied out to left. Catalanotto hit for Smith. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Lopez singled to center. Counsell doubled to right, Lopez scored. Braun homered to right, Counsell scored. Fielder struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Pirates 8.	Benches clear as Brewers, Bucs renew feud \n\n