Brewers - Top 1st. Hart pitching for Pirates. Lopez tripled to right. Counsell singled to right center, Lopez scored. Braun flied out to left. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. McCutchen fouled out to third. Young singled to right. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. Doumit popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Hart pitching for Pirates. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Kendall singled to center. Villanueva struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Pearce struck out swinging. LaRoche homered to left. Milledge grounded out to pitcher. Cedeno singled to center. Hart singled to left, Cedeno to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Hart pitching for Pirates. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Lopez walked, Escobar to second. Counsell grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second, Escobar to third. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Young singled to left. Jones homered to right, Young scored. Doumit grounded out to first. Pearce singled to deep right. LaRoche singled to left center, Pearce to third. Milledge singled to right, Pearce scored, LaRoche to second. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to left, LaRoche out at third, Milledge to second. Hart singled to left, Milledge scored, Cedeno to third. McCutchen doubled to left, Cedeno scored, Hart to third. Young popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hart pitching for Pirates. Fielder homered to right. Cameron struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to left center. Kendall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Catalanotto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Jones walked. Doumit grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Jones out at second. Pearce flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Iribarren hit for Villanueva. Hart pitching for Pirates. Iribarren struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Lopez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. DiFelice pitching for Brewers. LaRoche flied out to right. Milledge lined out to left. Cedeno grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Hart pitching for Pirates. Counsell grounded out to first. Braun walked. Fielder grounded out to pitcher, Braun to second. Cameron homered to left, Braun scored. Catalanotto singled to left. Kendall singled to left, Catalanotto to second. Gerut hit for DiFelice. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendall out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Colome pitching for Brewers. Vazquez hit for Hart. Vazquez doubled to left. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher, Vazquez to third. Young singled to right, Vazquez scored. Jones singled to right, Young to second. Doumit struck out swinging. Pearce flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Escobar lined out to right. Lopez walked. Counsell popped out to shortstop. Braun walked, Lopez to second. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Fielder singled to center, Lopez scored, Braun to second. Braun stole third. Cameron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Brewers. LaRoche grounded out to second. Milledge singled to center. Milledge stole second. Cedeno homered to left, Milledge scored. Moss hit for Chavez. Moss grounded out to first. McCutchen safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Young grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Catalanotto grounded out to first. Kendall walked. McGehee hit for Colome. McGehee flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Coffey pitching for Brewers. Jones grounded out to first. Doumit lined out to left. Pearce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Lopez flied out to center. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Braun flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Pirates 9.	Pirates top Brewers for 2nd win in last 14 games