Pirates - Top 1st. Parra pitching for Brewers. McCutchen singled to left. Young doubled to deep left, McCutchen to third. Jones popped out to shortstop. LaRoche intentionally walked. Doumit grounded into double play, third to second to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Lopez grounded out to third. Bourgeois singled to left. Braun singled to left center, Bourgeois to second. Fielder homered to right center, Bourgeois and Braun scored. McGehee singled to left. McGehee caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Cameron singled to left. Kendall walked, Cameron to second. Escobar singled to right, Cameron scored, Kendall to second, Kendall to third advancing on throw. Parra reached on infield single to second, Kendall scored, Escobar to second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Milledge singled to right. Pearce walked, Milledge to second. Cruz lined out to right, Milledge to third. Duke walked, Pearce to second. McCutchen doubled to deep left center, Milledge and Pearce scored, Duke to third. Young flied out to center. Jones struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Bourgeois homered to left center. Braun fouled out to first. Fielder grounded out to first. McGehee lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Parra pitching for Brewers. LaRoche singled to left. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to third, LaRoche out at second. Milledge singled to left, Doumit to second. Pearce doubled to deep left, Doumit and Milledge scored. Cruz grounded out to third. Duke grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Cameron doubled to left. Kendall singled to right, Cameron to third. Escobar singled to right, Cameron scored, Kendall to second. Parra bunted into fielder's choice to first, Kendall out at third, Escobar to second. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Parra out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Parra pitching for Brewers. McCutchen flied out to right. Young struck out swinging. Jones singled to right center. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Bootcheck pitching for Pirates. Bourgeois grounded out to third. Braun homered to left. Fielder popped out to shortstop. McGehee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Doumit flied out to center. Milledge walked. Pearce grounded into double play, third to second to first, Milledge out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Jaramillo catching. Bootcheck pitching for Pirates. Cameron struck out swinging. Kendall flied out to center. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Bixler hit for Bootcheck. Bixler hit ground rule double to deep center. McCutchen homered to left, Bixler scored. Young lined out to left. Jones grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Gerut hit for Parra. Gerut walked. Lopez flied out to right. Bourgeois flied out to center. Braun flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Weathers pitching for Brewers. Gerut in right field. LaRoche grounded out to second. Jaramillo grounded out to first. Milledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Fielder walked. McGehee grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Fielder out at second. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Weathers pitching for Brewers. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Cruz hit by pitch. Cedeno hit for Hanrahan. Cedeno flied out to center. Coffey pitching for Brewers. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Kendall flied out to center. Escobar struck out looking. Gerut struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Counsell at third base. Young struck out looking. Jones safe at first on error by pitcher Hoffman. LaRoche struck out swinging. Jaramillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Brewers 8.	Brewers beat Pirates to snap three-game skid