Cardinals - Top 1st. Hart pitching for Pirates. Schumaker doubled to deep center. Schumaker to third on wild pitch by Hart. Rasmus safe at third on throwing error by catcher Doumit, Schumaker scored. Pujols popped out to first. Holliday struck out swinging. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Rasmus scored. DeRosa grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen grounded out to second. Young flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hart pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to center. Ryan grounded out to shortstop, Molina to second. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop, Molina to third. Schumaker walked. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Milledge doubled to left. Doumit singled to right, Milledge to third. LaRoche fouled out to catcher. Moss struck out swinging. Cedeno walked, Doumit to second. Hart popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hart pitching for Pirates. Pujols flied out to center. Holliday homered to center. Ludwick homered to center. DeRosa struck out looking. Molina walked. Molina stole second. Ryan flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to first. Jones singled to left center. Milledge safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker, Jones to second. Doumit grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hart pitching for Pirates. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker flied out to center. Rasmus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche struck out swinging. Moss popped out to shortstop. Cedeno struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hart pitching for Pirates. Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop. Holliday flied out to right. Ludwick doubled to deep left, Pujols to third. DeRosa singled to center, Pujols scored, Ludwick to third. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to first, DeRosa out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hart grounded out to second. McCutchen singled to center. Young walked, McCutchen to second. Jones singled to right, McCutchen scored, Young to third. Milledge hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored. Doumit singled to right, Jones to second. LaRoche singled to center, Jones scored, Doumit to second. Moss tripled to right, Doumit and LaRoche scored, Moss scored on throwing error by second baseman Schumaker. Cedeno singled to center. Hart struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Hart pitching for Pirates. Ryan struck out swinging. Thurston hit for Wainwright. Thurston flied out to left. Schumaker walked. Rasmus singled to left, Schumaker to second. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Pujols homered to left, Schumaker and Rasmus scored. Holliday grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen walked. McCutchen caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Young struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Ludwick singled to center. DeRosa reached on infield single to third, Ludwick to second. Molina sacrificed to first, Ludwick to third, DeRosa to second. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Ryan singled to left, Ludwick and DeRosa scored, Ryan out stretching at second. Greene hit for Reyes. Greene walked. Schumaker flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Milledge singled to right center. Doumit singled to deep right, Milledge to third. LaRoche singled to center, Milledge scored, Doumit to second. Moss grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, LaRoche out at second, Doumit to third. Cedeno grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Rasmus struck out looking. Pujols walked. Holliday singled to left, Pujols to second. Ludwick homered to center, Pujols and Holliday scored. DeRosa doubled to deep center. Molina walked. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Ryan flied out to center. Ankiel hit for McClellan. Ankiel singled to right, DeRosa scored, Molina to second. Schumaker flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez hit for Jackson. Vazquez singled to right. McCutchen struck out looking. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Bootcheck pitching for Pirates. Rasmus grounded out to second. Lugo hit for Pujols. Lugo grounded out to second. Glaus hit for Holliday. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Schumaker in left field. Lugo at second base. Glaus at first base. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Jones struck out looking. Milledge walked. Doumit flied out to center. LaRoche walked, Milledge to second. Moss fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 14 - Pirates 7.	Wainwright first to 17 wins in Cardinals' rout