Padres - Top 1st. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Cabrera flied out to left. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez homered to right center, Eckstein scored. Headley singled to left center. Venable flied out to left. Salazar grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. McCutchen popped out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. Jones homered to right center. Doumit singled to right. Milledge popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Hundley flied out to center. Gwynn singled to left. LeBlanc sacrificed to pitcher, Gwynn to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Young flied out to left. Cedeno popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to right. Gonzalez lined out to second. Headley hit ground rule double to deep left, Eckstein to third. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Headley out at third. Salazar singled to left, Eckstein scored, Venable to second. Hundley fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. McCutchen flied out to center. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche singled to center. Jones walked, LaRoche to second. Doumit walked, LaRoche to third, Jones to second. Milledge popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Gwynn flied out to right. LeBlanc flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Pearce struck out swinging. Young struck out looking. Cedeno walked. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cedeno out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Eckstein flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. McCutchen singled to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Jones struck out looking. Doumit singled to center, McCutchen to second. Milledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Venable grounded out to first. Salazar fouled out to first. Hundley doubled to left. Gwynn intentionally walked. Gonzalez hit for LeBlanc. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Burke pitching for Padres. Pearce walked. Young singled to right, Pearce to second. Cedeno sacrificed to catcher, Pearce to third, Young to second. Moss hit for McCutchen. Webb pitching for Padres. Moss grounded out to first. McCutchen walked. Pearce scored, Young to third, McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Webb. LaRoche lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Dumatrait pitching for Pirates. Cabrera struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Jones popped out to third. Doumit struck out swinging. Milledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Headley homered to center. Venable singled to center. Salazar flied out to right. Hundley homered to left, Venable scored. Gwynn flied out to center. Durango hit for Adams. Durango reached on infield single to first. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Pearce walked. Young doubled to right, Pearce to third. Cedeno safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera, Pearce scored, Young to third. Vazquez hit for Chavez. Vazquez flied out to left, Cedeno to second. McCutchen doubled to deep right center, Young and Cedeno scored. LaRoche flied out to right. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Jones struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Headley doubled to deep right. Venable flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Padres. Doumit singled to center. Bixler ran for Doumit. Milledge singled to right, Bixler to third. Pearce walked, Milledge to second. Young grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bixler out at home, Milledge to third, Pearce to second. Cedeno grounded out to second, Milledge scored, Pearce to third, Young to second. Jaramillo hit for Capps. Jaramillo grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 10th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Jaramillo catching. Salazar grounded out to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Gwynn singled to center. Macias hit for Bell. Macias popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Gallagher pitching for Padres. McCutchen walked. LaRoche grounded out to second, McCutchen to second. Jones intentionally walked. Walker hit for Jackson. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 11th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Cabrera reached on bunt single to pitcher. Eckstein sacrificed to first, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Headley doubled to deep right, Cabrera scored, Gonzalez to third. Venable intentionally walked. Salazar doubled to deep left center, Gonzalez and Headley scored, Venable to third. Bautista pitching for Pirates. Hundley hit sacrifice fly to right, Venable scored, Salazar to third. Gwynn singled to center, Salazar scored. Blanco hit for Gallagher. Gwynn to second on fielder's indifference. Gwynn to third on wild pitch by Bautista. Blanco struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Russell pitching for Padres. Milledge singled to center. Pearce struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Pirates 6.	Padres blow lead in 9th, but top Pirates in 11th