Nationals - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Taylor lined out to left . Rendon reached on infield single to shortstop . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman walked , Rendon to second . Murphy singled to center , Rendon scored , Zimmerman to third , Murphy to second on throwing error by center fielder Hazelbaker . Werth homered to left ( 371 feet ) , Zimmerman and Murphy scored . Espinosa struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Nationals . Hazelbaker doubled to left . Carpenter flied out to right . Holliday grounded out to second , Hazelbaker to third . Adams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Lobatón grounded out to shortstop . Ross grounded out to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Molina popped out to shortstop . Moss grounded out to second . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Rendon flied out to left . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Nationals . Wong struck out looking . García struck out swinging . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Murphy struck out swinging . Werth singled to right . Espinosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth out at second . Lobatón grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Espinosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Carpenter grounded out to first . Holliday flied out to center . Adams singled to center . Molina singled to center , Adams to second . Moss flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Ross walked . Taylor grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ross out at second . Rendon walked . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Tejada singled to center . Wong singled to center , Tejada to second . García sacrificed to pitcher , Tejada to third , Wong to second . Hazelbaker walked . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to center , Tejada scored . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hazelbaker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to right . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Ross pitching for Nationals . Adams walked . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams out at second . Moss singled to right . Tejada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Espinosa hit by pitch . Lobatón struck out swinging . Ross safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Espinosa to second . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Díaz at shortstop . Taylor grounded out to third , Espinosa to third , Ross to second . Rendon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Solis pitching for Nationals . Grichuk hit for Wong . Grichuk struck out swinging . Díaz safe at first on error by third baseman Rendon . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Gyorko at second base . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Harper walked . Zimmerman hit by pitch , Harper to second . Murphy singled to center , Harper to third , Zimmerman to second , Harper scored , Zimmerman to third on error by center fielder Hazelbaker . Werth hit sacrifice fly to center , Zimmerman scored . Espinosa flied out to right . Lobatón walked , Murphy to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Robinson hit for Solis . Robinson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Holliday flied out to right . Adams struck out swinging . Molina doubled to left . Moss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Taylor struck out swinging . Rendon singled to center . Harper grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rendon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Piscotty hit for Rosenthal . Piscotty struck out swinging . Gyorko flied out to center . Díaz singled to left . Díaz to second on fielder 's indifference . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Cardinals 1 .	Werth 's bat , Ross ' arm lead Nationals past Cardinals