Padres - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for Nationals . Jankowski flied out to center . Myers popped out to second . Kemp lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Friedrich pitching for Padres . Turner tripled to deep right . Werth walked . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Turner scored . Ramos singled to left , Werth to second . Rendon grounded into double play , third to first , Werth out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for Nationals . Solarte grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop . Schimpf lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Friedrich pitching for Padres . Heisey fouled out to first . Taylor flied out to center . Espinosa lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for Nationals . Ramírez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Espinosa . Norris singled to left , Ramírez to second . Friedrich bunt popped out to pitcher . Jankowski walked , Ramírez to third , Norris to second . Myers singled to center , Ramírez and Norris scored , Jankowski to second , Jankowski scored advancing on throw . Myers out stretching at second . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Padres . Giolito singled to center . Turner singled to left , Giolito to second . Giolito to third , Turner to second on wild pitch by Friedrich . Werth hit sacrifice fly to center , Giolito scored , Turner to third . Murphy singled to right , Turner scored . Ramos homered to left ( 455 feet ) , Murphy scored . Rendon flied out to left . Heisey flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for Nationals . Solarte popped out to first . Dickerson doubled to right center . Schimpf singled to right center , Dickerson scored . Ramírez walked , Schimpf to second . Schimpf to third , Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Giolito . Norris walked . Rosales hit for Friedrich . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Norris caught stealing second , catcher to first . Rosales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Villanueva pitching for Padres . Taylor struck out looking . Espinosa struck out swinging . Belisle popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Jankowski flied out to left . Myers lined out to left . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Padres . Turner struck out swinging . Werth struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to deep left . Ramos singled to right , Murphy scored , Ramos out stretching at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Solarte hit by pitch . Dickerson popped out to third . Schimpf struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to right , Solarte to second . Norris lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Padres . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . Heisey lined out to left . Taylor lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Wallace hit for Villanueva . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Wallace struck out swinging . Jankowski grounded out to second . Myers walked . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Kemp singled to center , Myers to third . Solarte struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Thornton pitching for Padres . Espinosa grounded out to third . Robinson hit for Treinen . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Turner safe at first on error by shortstop Ramírez . Turner stole second . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Dickerson homered to right ( 359 feet ) . Schimpf homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Ramírez struck out swinging . Norris grounded out to second . Bethancourt hit for Thornton . Bethancourt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Murphy doubled to right . Ramos grounded out to second , Murphy to third . Rendon intentionally walked . Heisey fouled out to first . Rendon stole second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Jankowski lined out to left . Myers walked . Kemp struck out swinging , Myers to second on wild pitch by Papelbon . Solarte singled to center , Myers scored . Dickerson singled to right , Solarte to second . Schimpf reached on infield single to shortstop , Solarte to third , Dickerson to second . Ramírez doubled to deep left , Solarte , Dickerson and Schimpf scored . Petit pitching for Nationals . Harper in right field . Norris struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Espinosa flied out to right . Harper fouled out to catcher . Turner lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Nationals 6 .	Padres score 4 in 9th to take series from Nationals