Braves - Top 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Inciarte singled to center . Aybar flied out to left . Freeman singled to right , Inciarte to third . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inciarte out at home , Freeman to second . Markakis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Turner doubled to left . Revere reached on bunt single to catcher , Turner scored , Revere to second on throwing error by catcher Recker . Harper doubled to left , Revere scored . Ramos grounded out to second , Harper to third . Rendon hit sacrifice fly to center , Harper scored . Robinson singled to center . Heisey grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Robinson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Beckham grounded out to pitcher . Recker struck out looking . d'Arnaud popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Espinosa walked . Roark sacrificed to first , Espinosa to second . Turner popped out to shortstop . Revere lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte doubled to left . Aybar singled to left center , Inciarte scored . Freeman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Aybar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Harper flied out to right . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Rendon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Kemp grounded out to third . Markakis walked . Beckham grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Robinson struck out swinging . Heisey flied out to left . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Recker lined out to left . d'Arnaud grounded out to pitcher . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Jenkins pitching for Braves . Roark walked . Turner singled to right , Roark to second . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roark out at third , Turner to second . Harper walked , Turner to third , Revere to second . Ramos hit sacrifice fly to right , Turner scored , Revere to third . Rendon homered to left center ( 389 feet ) , Revere and Harper scored . Younginer pitching for Braves . Robinson singled to left center . Heisey lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Inciarte flied out to right . Aybar struck out looking . Freeman singled to right center . Kemp walked , Freeman to second . Markakis lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Younginer pitching for Braves . Espinosa grounded out to second . Roark struck out swinging . Turner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Beckham grounded out to third . Recker struck out swinging . d'Arnaud grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Revere safe at second on throwing error by pitcher O'Flaherty . Harper struck out swinging . Ramos singled to right , Revere scored . Rendon grounded out to third , Ramos to second . Robinson flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 8th . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Peterson hit for O'Flaherty . Peterson popped out to shortstop . Inciarte lined out to left . Aybar popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Weber pitching for Braves . Heisey homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Espinosa struck out swinging . Difo hit for Pérez . Difo grounded out to third . Turner lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Freeman walked . Kemp grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freeman out at second . Markakis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 1 - Nationals 9 .	Harper doubles in return , Roark pitches Nats past Braves