Braves - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Inciarte singled to center . García doubled to deep right center , Inciarte scored . Freeman grounded out to shortstop , García to third . Kemp grounded out to third , García scored . Markakis fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Braves . Turner flied out to center . Werth struck out looking . Murphy singled to left center . Harper fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . Beckham struck out swinging . Swanson inside - the - park home run to center ( 398 feet ) . Pérez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Braves . Rendon hit by pitch . Ramos struck out swinging . Zimmerman popped out to second . Espinosa singled to right center , Rendon to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Rendon scored , Espinosa to second . Turner grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Inciarte singled to center . García singled to left center , Inciarte to third . Freeman singled to center , Inciarte scored , García to third . Kemp struck out swinging . Freeman out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Markakis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Braves . Werth singled to left . Murphy singled to right , Werth to second . Harper singled to left , Werth to third , Murphy to second . Rendon homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Werth , Murphy and Harper scored . Ramos grounded out to third . Zimmerman homered to right ( 385 feet ) . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Espinosa grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Flowers singled to center . Beckham doubled to deep right , Flowers to third . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Swanson grounded out to third , Flowers scored , Beckham to third . De La Cruz singled to left , Beckham scored . Inciarte flied out to center . García popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Turner popped out to second . Werth struck out swinging . Murphy reached on infield single to third . Harper grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Freeman grounded out to shortstop . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Kemp struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Rendon flied out to right . Ramos struck out swinging . Zimmerman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Flowers grounded out to pitcher . Beckham struck out swinging . Swanson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Simmons pitching for Braves . Espinosa struck out swinging . Goodwin hit for Treinen . Goodwin grounded out to third . Turner doubled to deep right , Turner to third on error by right fielder Markakis . Werth popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 7th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Peterson hit for Simmons . Peterson struck out looking . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Murphy struck out looking . Harper singled to left . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Harper stole second . Rendon grounded out to second , Harper to third . Ramos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Freeman grounded out to second . Glover pitching for Nationals . Kemp popped out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Zimmerman walked . Taylor ran for Zimmerman . Taylor stole second . Espinosa walked . Revere hit for Glover . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Taylor scored , Espinosa safe at third on throwing error by catcher Flowers , Revere safe at second on throwing error by catcher Flowers . Turner singled to center , Espinosa and Revere scored . Werth grounded out to third , Turner to second . Murphy intentionally walked . Harper struck out swinging , Turner stole third , Murphy stole second . Roe pitching for Braves . Rendon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Turner at second base . Murphy at first base . Taylor in center field . Melancon pitching for Nationals . Flowers doubled to deep right . Beckham grounded out to shortstop , Flowers to third . Swanson singled to right , Flowers scored . Pierzynski hit for Roe . Pierzynski grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Swanson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 7 - Nationals 9 .	Three - run 8th inning lifts Nationals over Braves 9 - 7