Angels - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Bourjos singled to center . Abreu reached on infield single to first , Bourjos to second . Kendrick struck out looking . Hunter struck out swinging . Bourjos caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Angels . Kinsler popped out to second . Andrus reached on infield single to third . Andrus stole second . Hamilton struck out looking . Young fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Trumbo lined out to pitcher . Wells singled to center . Callaspo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Angels . Napoli singled to center . Moreland doubled to left , Napoli to third . Cruz doubled to center , Napoli and Moreland scored . Murphy struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Aybar reached on infield single to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . Bourjos struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Angels . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton doubled to deep right . Young singled to left , Hamilton to third . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hamilton out at home , Young to third , Napoli to second . Moreland flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hunter lined out to second . Trumbo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Angels . Cruz homered to center ( 461 feet ) . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop . Chavez sacrificed to pitcher , Murphy to second . Kinsler walked . Andrus flied out to right . Hamilton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Wells grounded out to second . Callaspo singled to left . Aybar bunt grounded out to third , Callaspo to second . Wilson walked . Bourjos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Angels . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Young safe at second on error by shortstop Aybar . Moreland struck out looking . Cruz reached on infield single to third , Young to third , Napoli to second . Murphy homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Young , Napoli and Cruz scored . Williams pitching for Angels . Chavez struck out swinging . Kinsler doubled to deep left . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Abreu walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Abreu out at second . Hunter reached on bunt single to third . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hunter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Hamilton struck out swinging . Young singled to right . Napoli singled to center , Young to second . Moreland doubled to left , Young scored , Napoli to third . Cruz homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Napoli and Moreland scored . Murphy singled to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at second . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chavez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Wells doubled to deep left . Callaspo flied out to left . Aybar lined out to third . Wilson singled to center , Wells scored . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Bourjos popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Trout in right field . Trumbo in left field . Branyan at first base . Conger catching . Andrus singled to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Abreu grounded out to catcher . Kendrick singled to center . Trout singled to right center , Kendrick to third . Trumbo singled to center , Kendrick scored , Trout to second . Branyan homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Trout and Trumbo scored . Callaspo flied out to left . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Moreland struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Conger flied out to right . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . Abreu doubled to deep right . Kendrick homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Abreu scored . Trout struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Rangers 11 .	Cruz , Rangers roll