Angels - Top 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to third . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Angels . McCoy grounded out to third . Thames singled to center . Bautista singled to center , Thames to second . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at second , Thames to third . Encarnacion grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Hunter homered to center ( 431 feet ) . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to third . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Angels . Johnson singled to center . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lawrie flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Angels . Arencibia doubled to shallow left . McCoy struck out swinging . Thames grounded out to shortstop , Arencibia to third . Bautista walked . Lind fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to third . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Angels . Encarnacion walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Encarnacion safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Williams . Lawrie walked , Encarnacion to third , Johnson to second . Rasmus grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Encarnacion out at home , Johnson to third , Lawrie to second . Arencibia singled to shallow right , Johnson and Lawrie scored . Arencibia caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . McCoy batting . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Wells singled to right . Bourjos grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wells out at second . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . McCoy lined out to third . Thames safe at second on error by first baseman Trumbo , Thames advanced to first on Trumbo error , Thames tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Izturis grounded out to first . Abreu singled to center . Kendrick struck out swinging . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Lind grounded out to first . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo struck out swinging . Wells flied out to center . Bourjos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Angels . Lawrie popped out to first . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Rasmus lined out to second . Arencibia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . McCoy struck out looking . Thames walked . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thames out at second . Lind grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Encarnacion singled to center . Wise ran for Encarnacion . Downs pitching for Angels . Johnson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Wise to second . Lawrie sacrificed to pitcher , Wise to third , Johnson to second . Molina hit for Rasmus . Molina struck out looking . Arencibia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Wise in center field . Cooper at first base . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Wells doubled to deep center . Bourjos sacrificed to pitcher , Wells to third . Aybar struck out swinging . Callaspo hit for Wilson . Callaspo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 10th . Mathis catching . Downs pitching for Angels . McCoy safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Thames singled to center , McCoy to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thames out at second , McCoy to third . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to right , McCoy scored , Bautista to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Angels 2 - Blue Jays 3 .	Angels fall to Jays in 10th ; 5 back in AL West