Brewers - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Villar grounded out to first . Gennett popped out to third . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Crisp walked . Lowrie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crisp out at second . Vogt singled to right center . Valencia reached on infield single to second , Vogt to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Lucroy walked . Carter struck out swinging . Hill singled to left , Lucroy to second . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Butler grounded out to third . Alonso fouled out to third . Semien singled to left . Muncy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Flores singled to left . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flores out at second . Gennett lined into double play , shortstop to first , Villar doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Crisp lined out to right . Lowrie doubled to deep left . Vogt lined out to right . Valencia hit by pitch . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at third , Valencia to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Braun flied out to right . Lucroy singled to center . Carter struck out swinging . Hill singled to center , Lucroy to third . Nieuwenhuis doubled to deep right , Lucroy scored , Hill to third . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Butler struck out swinging . Alonso flied out to right . Semien flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Flores grounded out to second . Villar struck out swinging . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Muncy singled to center . Crisp flied out to left . Lowrie singled to center , Muncy to third . Vogt grounded out to shortstop , Muncy scored , Lowrie to second . Valencia grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Braun reached on infield single to second . Lucroy flied out to center . Carter reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun scored . Hill lined out to right . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Davis singled to left . Davis to second on passed ball by Maldonado . Butler grounded out to first , Davis to third . Alonso grounded out to third . Semien singled to right , Davis scored . Muncy walked , Semien to second . Smith pitching for Brewers . Crisp walked , Semien to third , Muncy to second . Lowrie flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Maldonado singled to right . Flores sacrificed to pitcher , Maldonado to second . Villar lined into double play , shortstop to second , Maldonado doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Vogt tripled to deep right . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Valencia safe at first on error by shortstop Villar . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Vogt out at home , Valencia to second . Butler struck out looking . Alonso singled to center , Valencia scored , Davis to third . Semien tripled to deep center , Davis and Alonso scored . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Muncy walked . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Smolinski in right field . Axford pitching for Athletics . Gennett doubled to left . Braun doubled to left , Gennett scored . Dull pitching for Athletics . Lucroy lined out to center , Braun to third . Carter struck out swinging . Hill popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Barnes pitching for Brewers . Lowrie singled to left . Vogt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lowrie out at second . Valencia doubled to right . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Madson pitching for Athletics . Nieuwenhuis flied out to center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Flores grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Athletics 5 .	Athletics score 3 in 7th to beat Brewers 5 - 3