Brewers - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Villar struck out swinging . Hill doubled to deep right . Braun walked , Hill to third on passed ball . Braun batting . Lucroy flied out to left , Braun to second . Carter lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Revere grounded out to shortstop . Werth singled to center . Harper grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Pérez grounded out to first . Middlebrooks singled to left . Flores grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Middlebrooks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Murphy singled to left center . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Murphy to second . Zimmerman grounded out to catcher . Rendon singled to left , Murphy scored , Rendon to second advancing on throw . Espinosa struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Davies grounded out to shortstop . Villar doubled to deep right . Villar stole third . Hill singled to right , Villar scored . Braun flied out to right . Lucroy singled to center , Hill to second . Carter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Revere singled to right . Revere caught stealing second , catcher to second . Werth walked . Harper singled to center , Werth to third , Harper to second advancing on throw . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Pérez struck out swinging . Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop . Flores walked . Davies grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to left . Rendon struck out swinging . Espinosa grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Villar lined out to center . Hill walked . Braun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Revere flied out to left . Werth popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Lucroy singled to center . Carter struck out swinging . Pérez homered to right center ( 389 feet ) , Lucroy scored . Middlebrooks lined out to center . Flores lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Harper grounded out to first . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Ramos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Davies safe at first on error by first baseman Zimmerman . Villar struck out swinging . Hill homered to left center ( 393 feet ) , Davies scored . Braun reached on infield single to third . Lucroy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Braun out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman flied out to right . Rendon flied out to left . Espinosa singled to right . Drew hit for Treinen . Drew singled to right , Espinosa to second . Revere singled to center , Espinosa scored , Drew to third . Torres pitching for Brewers . Werth walked , Revere to second . Smith pitching for Brewers . Harper struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Carter doubled to deep center . Pérez sacrificed to pitcher , Carter to third . Middlebrooks struck out swinging . Flores intentionally walked . Gennett hit for Smith . Gennett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Flores in right field . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Murphy doubled to deep right , Murphy out stretching at third . Ramos lined out to right . Zimmerman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Nationals . Villar lined out to shortstop . Hill popped out to second . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Rendon singled to right . Espinosa singled to left , Rendon to second . Robinson hit for Belisle . Robinson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Espinosa out at second , Rendon to third . Revere grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Nationals 2 .	Brewers back Davies with 2 HRs in 5 - 2 win over Nationals