Cardinals - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Carpenter grounded out to second . Gyorko singled to left center . Moss struck out swinging . Piscotty singled to right , Gyorko to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gyorko out at third , Piscotty to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Villar struck out swinging . Gennett struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Peralta grounded out to second . Grichuk flied out to center . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Pérez struck out looking . Carter walked . Nieuwenhuis walked , Carter to second . Arcia struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter singled to right . Gyorko struck out swinging . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Davies struck out swinging . Villar struck out swinging . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Piscotty reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina singled to right , Piscotty to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina to second . Grichuk struck out looking . Wong hit sacrifice fly to left , Piscotty scored . Martínez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Braun reached on infield single to third . Pérez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Braun out at second . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Carpenter grounded out to first . Gyorko homered to left center ( 378 feet ) . Moss struck out swinging . Piscotty struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Nieuwenhuis reached on bunt single to third . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Nieuwenhuis out at second . Maldonado struck out swinging . Davies struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Molina flied out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Grichuk grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Villar doubled to deep center . Gennett singled to right , Villar scored . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gennett out at second . Pérez struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Wong homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Hazelbaker hit for Martínez . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Cravy pitching for Brewers . Carpenter walked . Gyorko walked , Carpenter to second . Moss flied out to left . Piscotty grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Nieuwenhuis flied out to right . Arcia homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Maldonado walked . Santana hit for Cravy . Santana singled to right , Maldonado to third . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Pham in left field . Villar hit ground rule double to deep center , Maldonado scored , Santana to third . Gennett reached on infield single to first , Santana scored , Villar to third . Braun walked , Gennett to second . Pérez walked , Villar scored , Gennett to third , Braun to second . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Carter struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Peralta singled to center . Grichuk homered to right center ( 433 feet ) , Peralta scored . Wong singled to right . Wong stole second , Wong safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Pham struck out looking . Carpenter intentionally walked . Gyorko struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Arcia struck out swinging . Maldonado walked . Piña hit for Knebel . Piña struck out looking . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Garcia hit for Socolovich . Garcia doubled to deep left . Piscotty walked . Molina bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garcia out at third , Piscotty to second , Piscotty scored , Molina to second on throwing error by third baseman Villar . Peralta walked . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Garcia at second base . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Gennett grounded out to first . Braun struck out swinging . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Brewers 5 .	Late throwing error lifts Cardinals to 6 - 5 win over Brewers