Brewers - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Villar grounded out to pitcher . Broxton reached on infield single to third . Braun grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Broxton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Carpenter doubled to right center . Gyorko reached on infield single to pitcher , Carpenter to third . Piscotty hit foul sacrifice fly to right , Carpenter scored , Gyorko to second on throwing error by right fielder Santana . Molina flied out to center . Moss grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Pérez struck out swinging . Carter fouled out to first . Santana homered to center ( 437 feet ) . Arcia homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Maldonado grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Grichuk singled to center . Peralta walked , Grichuk to second . Grichuk picked off second . Wong struck out swinging . García grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Guerra doubled to deep right center . Villar out on batter 's interference to catcher . Villar batting . Broxton reached on infield single to shortstop , Guerra to third . Broxton stole second . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Guerra scored , Broxton to third . Pérez doubled to deep right center , Broxton scored . Pérez stole third . Carter popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Carpenter struck out swinging . Gyorko safe at second on error by second baseman Pérez . Piscotty singled to left center , Gyorko to third . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Santana struck out swinging . Arcia singled to center . Maldonado hit ground rule double to left center , Arcia to third . Guerra struck out swinging , Arcia scored , Maldonado to third on wild pitch by García . Villar walked . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Villar stole second . Broxton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Moss flied out to center . Grichuk popped out to shortstop . Peralta walked . Wong homered to right center ( 395 feet ) , Peralta scored . Hazelbaker hit for Socolovich . Hazelbaker grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Braun hit by pitch . Pérez singled to right , Braun to third . Carter hit sacrifice fly to right , Braun scored . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pérez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Carpenter lined out to center . Gyorko flied out to right . Piscotty singled to right . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Piscotty out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Arcia singled to right . Maldonado homered to left center ( 402 feet ) , Arcia scored . Guerra singled to right . Villar singled to right , Guerra to second . Broxton walked , Guerra to third , Villar to second . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Blazek ran for Guerra . Braun hit sacrifice fly to right , Blazek scored , Villar to third , Broxton to second . Pérez doubled to center , Villar and Broxton scored . Carter lined out to left . Santana singled to left center , Pérez scored . Arcia lined out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Moss lined out to shortstop . Grichuk singled to left . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grichuk out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Kelly catching . Martínez in left field . Moss at first base . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado popped out to shortstop . Elmore hit for Mariñez . Elmore walked . Villar safe at first on error by shortstop Gyorko , Elmore to second . Broxton walked , Elmore to third , Villar to second . Braun lined into double play , first to shortstop , Villar doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Suter pitching for Brewers . Wong flied out to right . Pham hit for Tuivailala . Pham struck out swinging . Kelly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Pérez singled to left . Carter singled to center , Pérez to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carter out at second , Pérez to third . Arcia grounded into double play to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Susac catching . Rowen pitching for Brewers . Gyorko reached on infield single to third . Garcia ran for Gyorko . Piscotty grounded out to third , Garcia to second . Martínez singled to left , Garcia scored . Moss singled to center , Martínez to second . Grichuk struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Garcia at shortstop . Williams pitching for Cardinals . Susac lined out to shortstop . Gennett hit for Rowen . Gennett grounded out to second . Rivera hit for Villar . Rivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Rivera at second base . Pérez at third base . Magnifico pitching for Brewers . Wong walked . Peña hit for Williams . Peña grounded out to second , Wong to second . Wong to third on wild pitch by Magnifico . Kelly grounded out to shortstop , Wong scored . Garcia singled to center . Rosario hit for Piscotty . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Garcia out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 12 - Cardinals 5 .	Arcia , Perez power Brewers past Cardinals 12 - 5