Blue Jays - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Hanson struck out swinging. Galvis lined out to right. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Grossman struck out looking. Semien grounded out to pitcher. Chapman walked. Davis walked, Chapman to second. Chapman picked off second. Aaron Sanchez pitches to Kendrys Morales. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Smoak singled to deep center. Hernández flied out to center, Smoak out at second. Drury struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Morales grounded out to first. Piscotty lined out to right. Profar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Tellez singled to deep right. Jansen walked, Tellez to second. McKinney sacrificed to pitcher, Jansen to second, Tellez to third. Hanson singled to left center, Tellez scored, Jansen to third. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hanson to second, Jansen out at home. Galvis stole second, Hanson stole third. Grichuk reached on infield single to third, Hanson scored, Galvis to third. Petit pitching for Athletics. Smoak popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Laureano hit by pitch. Hundley flied out to right. Grossman lined into double play, left to first, Laureano doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Hernández grounded out to first. Drury doubled to left. Tellez walked. Jansen struck out swinging. McKinney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Semien doubled to center. Chapman walked. Davis singled to center, Chapman to second, Semien to third. Morales grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Semien scored, Davis out at second, Chapman to third. Piscotty struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Hanson grounded out to first. Galvis singled to right. Grichuk popped out to first. Smoak singled to left, Galvis to second. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Blue Jays. Profar popped out to catcher. Laureano struck out looking. Hundley singled to shallow left center. Grossman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Buchter pitching for Athletics. Drury singled to center. Tellez hit sacrifice fly to center, Drury scored. Jansen doubled to left. McKinney struck out swinging. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Hanson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Blue Jays. Semien struck out swinging. Chapman struck out swinging. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Galvis singled to right. Grichuk struck out swinging. Smoak homered to right (413 feet), Galvis scored. Hernández flied out to right. Drury struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Morales grounded out to third. Piscotty grounded out to pitcher. Profar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Athletics. Tellez lined out to center. Jansen grounded out to pitcher. McKinney singled to center. Hanson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Laureano walked. Pinder hit for Hundley. Pinder grounded out to pitcher, Laureano to second. Grossman walked. Semien singled to center, Laureano scored, Grossman to second. Semien to second on wild pitch by Tepera, Grossman to third on wild pitch by Tepera. Chapman hit sacrifice fly to right, Grossman scored, Semien to third. Giles pitching for Blue Jays. Davis singled to center, Semien scored on error by left fielder Hernández, Davis safe at second on error by left fielder Hernández. Morales flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Phegley catching. Treinen pitching for Athletics. Galvis safe at first on error by first baseman Morales. Grichuk grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Galvis out at second. Smoak singled to right. Hernández struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Giles pitching for Blue Jays. Piscotty reached on infield single to shortstop. Profar popped out to third. Laureano singled to left, Piscotty to second. Phegley struck out swinging. Ureña at shortstop. Grossman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Athletics 4.	Smoak nabbed after Laureano overthrow, but Jays sweep A's