White Sox - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Johnson struck out swinging. Ramírez fouled out to first. Cabrera lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Dozier flied out to right. Hunter singled to center. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Abreu grounded out to third. LaRoche reached on infield single to second. García doubled to deep center, LaRoche to third. Gillaspie hit by pitch. Flowers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gillaspie out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Plouffe fouled out to first. Suzuki grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Shuck bunt grounded out to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. Ramírez safe at first on error by shortstop Santana. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Vargas grounded out to pitcher. Robinson struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Abreu struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. García lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Hunter singled to center. Mauer walked, Hunter to second. Plouffe walked, Hunter to third, Mauer to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Escobar grounds out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Gillaspie flied out to right. Flowers singled to center. Shuck grounded into fielder's choice to first, Flowers out at second. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Vargas singled to center. Robinson singled to left, Vargas to second. Santana struck out swinging. Dozier flied out to center, Vargas to third, Robinson to second. Vargas scored, Robinson to third on wild pitch by Quintana. Hunter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Ramírez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Santana. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramírez out at second. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Mauer flied out to left. Plouffe reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki flied out to left. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Gibson pitching for Twins. LaRoche grounded out to pitcher. García walked. Gillaspie singled to center, García to second. Flowers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gillaspie out at second, García to third. Shuck lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Vargas singled to deep right, Vargas out stretching at second. Robinson grounded out to third. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Johnson flied out to left. Ramírez grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Putnam pitching for White Sox. Dozier reached on infield single to second. Dozier stole second. Hunter walked. Duke pitching for White Sox. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hunter out at second, Dozier to third. Plouffe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Abreu popped out to first. LaRoche singled to right. Bonifacio ran for LaRoche. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bonifacio out at second. Beckham hit for Gillaspie. Beckham singled to left, García to third, Beckham to second on error by left fielder Escobar. Flowers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 0 - Twins 1.	Gibson pitches 8 strong innings, Twins beat White Sox 1-0