Rays - Top 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Kiermaier doubled to deep right. Forsythe bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kiermaier out at third. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Forsythe out at second. Loney singled to left center, Longoria to third. Guyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Dozier walked. Hunter grounded out to pitcher, Dozier to second. Mauer singled to center, Dozier scored. Plouffe grounded into double play, second to first, Mauer out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. DeJesus singled to left. DeJesus caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to left. Franklin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Herrmann struck out swinging. Rosario lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Wilson reached on infield single to first. Kiermaier walked, Wilson to second. Forsythe singled to center, Wilson to third, Kiermaier to second. Longoria singled to left, Wilson scored, Kiermaier to third, Forsythe to second. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kiermaier scored, Longoria out at second, Forsythe to third. Guyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Forsythe out at home, Loney to second. DeJesus grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Hicks struck out swinging. Santana reached on bunt single to third. Santana stole second. Dozier flied out to center, Santana to third. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Cabrera struck out swinging. Franklin grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Mauer grounded out to third. Plouffe singled to center. Escobar grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Plouffe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Kiermaier flied out to left. Forsythe doubled to left. Longoria flied out to center. Loney intentionally walked. Guyer singled to center, Forsythe scored, Loney to second, Loney to third advancing on throw. DeJesus grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Herrmann flied out to left. Rosario singled to center. Rosario stole second. Hicks struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to third. Franklin doubled to center. Franklin to third on wild pitch by Duensing. Wilson walked. Kiermaier singled to right, Franklin scored, Wilson to second. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Forsythe hit by pitch, Wilson to third, Kiermaier to second. Longoria singled to center, Wilson and Kiermaier scored, Forsythe to second. Loney singled to right, Forsythe scored, Longoria to third. Guyer struck out looking. DeJesus singled to left, Longoria scored, Loney to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Archer pitching for Rays. Dozier flied out to right. Hunter struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Franklin grounded out to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Kiermaier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Beckham at shortstop. McGee pitching for Rays. Plouffe struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Herrmann fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Bernier at third base. Pressly pitching for Twins. Forsythe grounded out to third. Longoria lined out to left. Loney singled to center. Guyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loney safe at second on error by shortstop Santana. DeJesus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Cedeño pitching for Rays. Rosario struck out swinging. Hicks grounded out to third. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Vargas at first base. Thompson pitching for Twins. Beckham singled to center. Franklin reached on infield single to third, Beckham to third. Wilson singled to left center, Beckham scored, Franklin to second. Butler hit for Kiermaier. Butler singled to center, Franklin scored, Wilson to third. Forsythe struck out swinging. Graham pitching for Twins. Longoria struck out swinging. Loney doubled to deep right, Wilson scored, Butler to third. Guyer grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Butler in right field. Guyer in center field. Frieri pitching for Rays. Dozier singled to center. Robinson hit for Hunter. Robinson walked, Dozier to second. Vargas flied out to left. Bernier doubled to deep right, Dozier and Robinson scored. Escobar struck out swinging. Herrmann struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 11 - Twins 3.	Archer throws 6 strong innings in Rays' 11-3 win over Twins