Twins - Top 1st. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Dozier struck out looking. Hunter grounded out to second. Mauer fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Twins. Pedroia reached on infield single to third. Ramírez lined out to second. Ortiz flied out to center. Napoli reached on infield single to third, Pedroia to second. Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop, Pedroia to third, Napoli to second. Sandoval flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Plouffe grounded out to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Milone pitching for Twins. Betts doubled to right. Swihart grounded out to pitcher. Castillo grounded out to third. Pedroia walked. Ramírez reached on infield single to second, Betts to third, Pedroia to second, Betts scored on error by third baseman Plouffe. Ortiz safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Pedroia scored, Ramírez to second. Napoli reached on infield single to third, Ramírez to third, Ortiz to second. Bogaerts flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to shallow right. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. Hicks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. Dozier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Twins. Sandoval grounded out to second. Betts lined out to second. Swihart homered to left center (406 feet). Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Hunter reached on infield single to third. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hunter to third on throwing error by pitcher Wright. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hunter out at home. Rosario flied out to left, Mauer to third. Escobar flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Twins. Pedroia homered to left center (388 feet). Ramírez flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. Napoli fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to shallow left. Robinson fouled out to third. Hicks flied out to left. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second. Hunter homered to left center (371 feet), Suzuki and Dozier scored. Mauer grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Milone pitching for Twins. Bogaerts singled to shallow left. Sandoval flied out to left. Betts lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Red Sox. Plouffe flied out to center. Rosario grounded out to first. Escobar safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Suzuki singled to right center, Escobar scored. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Swihart grounded out to second. Castillo flied out to right. Pedroia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Hicks singled to right. Dozier struck out swinging. Hicks stole second. Hunter struck out swinging. Mauer intentionally walked. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Pressly pitching for Twins. Ramírez singled to center. Duensing pitching for Twins. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop, Ramírez to second. Fien pitching for Twins. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramírez out at third. Bogaerts singled to center, Napoli to third, Napoli tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Rosario struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Suzuki walked. Robinson walked, Suzuki to second. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Hicks lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Twins. Sandoval grounded out to second. Betts singled to right center. Swihart flied out to right. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Uehara pitching for Red Sox. Dozier singled to left. Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop, Dozier to second. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Hunter to second, Dozier scored, Hunter to third on missed catch error by third baseman Sandoval. Plouffe singled to left, Hunter scored, Mauer to second. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Rosario out on infield fly to shortstop. Escobar doubled to left, Mauer scored, Plouffe to third. Suzuki intentionally walked. Robinson hit sacrifice fly to center, Plouffe scored, Escobar to third. Hicks flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez grounded out to third. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 8 - Red Sox 4.	Sandoval's error in 9th sends Hunter, Twins over Red Sox