White Sox - Top 1st. Milone pitching for Twins. Eaton flied out to right. García singled to right. Abreu popped out to second. Cabrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Buxton doubled to deep right. Dozier singled to left, Buxton scored. Dozier stole second. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Hunter grounded out to second, Dozier to third. Plouffe flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Milone pitching for Twins. LaRoche singled to center. Ramírez popped out to second. Beckham popped out to second. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Rosario flied out to center. Suzuki flied out to right. Vargas singled to center. Vargas picked off first. Núñez batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Milone pitching for Twins. Sánchez grounded out to first. Eaton struck out swinging. García singled to left. Abreu doubled to center, García to third. Cabrera walked. LaRoche singled to center, García and Abreu scored, Cabrera to second. Ramírez singled to center, Cabrera thrown out at home, LaRoche to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Buxton grounded out to third. Dozier grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Milone pitching for Twins. Beckham singled to shallow center, Beckham out at second. Soto doubled to deep right. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. Eaton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Soto out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Mauer homered to left (371 feet). Hunter walked. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Ramírez. Rosario flied out to left, Plouffe to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera. Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to left, Hunter scored. Vargas singled to center, Plouffe scored. Núñez homered to left (372 feet), Vargas scored. Buxton struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Milone pitching for Twins. García grounded out to second. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. LaRoche bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to third. Mauer struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Milone pitching for Twins. Ramírez walked. Beckham lined out to shortstop. Soto flied out to right. Sánchez reached on infield single to second, Ramírez to second. Eaton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Plouffe doubled to deep right. Rosario reached on infield single to pitcher, Plouffe to third. Suzuki flied out to right. Rosario to second on wild pitch by Danks. Vargas homered to left (436 feet), Plouffe and Rosario scored. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Núñez reached on infield single to pitcher, Núñez to second on throwing error by pitcher Carroll. Buxton reached on infield single to shortstop. Núñez to third, Buxton to second on wild pitch by Carroll. Dozier popped out to second. Mauer intentionally walked. Hunter doubled to deep left, Núñez and Buxton scored, Mauer to third. Plouffe fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Boyer pitching for Twins. Bonifacio hit for García. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Abreu flied out to center. Shuck hit for Cabrera. Shuck walked. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Bonifacio in left field. Shuck in right field. Carroll pitching for White Sox. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki lined out to center. Vargas singled to center. Núñez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Herrmann at first base. Robinson in right field. Graham pitching for Twins. Ramírez singled to center. Beckham walked, Ramírez to second. Soto struck out swinging. Sánchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Beckham out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for White Sox. Buxton singled to right. Dozier homered to left (357 feet), Buxton scored. Robinson grounded out to pitcher. Herrmann struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Graham pitching for Twins. Eaton hit by pitch. Bonifacio lined out to third. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Twins 13.	Vargas, Twins cruise to 13-2 victory over White Sox