Marlins - Top 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Ramirez homered to center. Uggla struck out swinging. Hermida struck out swinging. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Jacobs flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Kapler grounded out to third. Braun grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Cantu struck out swinging. Rabelo lined out to right. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Fielder safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Uggla. Hart flied out to right. Hall singled to center, Fielder to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder to third, Hall safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez. Villanueva sacrificed to pitcher, Fielder scored, Hall to third, Hardy to second. Kendall hit by pitch. Weeks grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hendrickson grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to center. Uggla singled to right, Ramirez to third. Hermida struck out swinging. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Kapler doubled to left. Braun grounded out to pitcher. Fielder singled to left center, Kapler scored. Hart singled to right, Fielder to second. Hall walked, Fielder to third, Hart to second. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to center, Fielder scored, Hart to third. Villanueva flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Jacobs flied out to left. Cantu flied out to center. Rabelo safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder. Amezaga flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Kendall struck out swinging. Weeks flied out to center. Kapler popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Hendrickson tripled to deep center. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla hit sacrifice fly to left, Hendrickson scored. Hermida struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Braun flied out to left. Fielder grounded out to second. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Helms hit for Jacobs. Helms grounded out to first, Willingham to second. Cantu fouled out to first. Rabelo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Helms at first base. Hendrickson pitching for Marlins. Hall doubled to deep left. Hardy grounded out to first, Hall to third. Counsell hit for Villanueva. Counsell struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Amezaga struck out looking. Gonzalez hit for Hendrickson. Gonzalez struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Weeks flied out to right. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. Braun grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Uggla singled to center. Hermida singled to right, Uggla to third. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Uggla scored, Hermida out at second. Helms lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Cantu at first base. Amezaga at third base. Ross in center field. Fielder homered to center. Hart reached on bunt single to first. Hall walked, Hart to second. Hart to third, Hall to second on wild pitch by Pinto. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Rivera hit for Torres. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hart out at home, Hall to third. Kendall flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Brewers. Cantu struck out swinging. Rabelo singled to right center. Amezaga struck out looking. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Brewers 4.	Fielder bashes game-winning homer for Brewers