Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Drew struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks doubled to deep right, Weeks out at third. Cameron grounded out to third. Braun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Tracy flied out to center. Reynolds popped out to second. Upton singled to center. Snyder doubled to deep right, Upton scored. Burke walked. Davis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder singled to center. Fielder to second on wild pitch by Davis. Hart popped out to second. Fielder stole third. Hall hit sacrifice fly to left, Fielder scored. Hardy popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Drew walked. Young singled to right, Drew to second. Hudson lined out to center. Tracy grounded out to first, Drew to third, Young to second. Reynolds reached on infield single to second, Drew scored, Young tagged out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendall walked. Suppan bunted into fielder's choice to first, Kendall out at second. Weeks flied out to left. Cameron singled to center, Suppan to second. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Upton lined out to shortstop. Snyder bunt grounded out to pitcher. Burke singled to center. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder popped out to second. Hart grounded out to third. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. Drew caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hudson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Hardy popped out to second. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Suppan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Tracy grounded out to third. Reynolds lined out to third. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Cameron struck out swinging. Braun singled to center. Fielder reached on infield single to third, Braun to second. Hart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Suppan pitching for Brewers. Snyder homered to center. Burke grounded out to third. Davis struck out looking. Drew grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Hall reached on infield single to shortstop. Hardy walked, Hall to second. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Kendall sacrificed to catcher, Hall to third, Hardy to second, Kendall safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Qualls. Hall to third on throwing error by pitcher Qualls. Kapler hit for Suppan. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hall and Hardy scored on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds, Kendall safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Weeks struck out swinging. Cameron walked. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cameron out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Brewers. Young fouled out to first. Hudson flied out to left. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder homered to center. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Hart grounded out to third. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Hardy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Counsell at shortstop. Reynolds reached on infield single to catcher, Reynolds to second on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Upton safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hall. Snyder sacrificed to pitcher, Reynolds to third, Upton to second. Burke walked. Ojeda hit for Pena. Ojeda popped out to shortstop. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Brewers 4.	Fielder's dinger caps Brewers' rally vs. D-backs