Padres - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Giles singled to right. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. Kouzmanoff singled to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Geer pitching for Padres. Durham lined out to shortstop. Hardy struck out swinging. Braun reached on infield single to second. Fielder lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Headley struck out swinging. Ambres struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Geer pitching for Padres. Hart grounded out to second. Cameron singled to left center. Hall walked, Cameron to second. Kendall singled to right center, Cameron scored, Hall to third. Sabathia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Hundley popped out to second. Geer struck out looking. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Geer pitching for Padres. Durham flied out to center. Hardy grounded out to second. Braun singled to left. Fielder popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez doubled to right. Kouzmanoff flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez scored. Headley grounded out to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Ambres grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Geer pitching for Padres. Hart flied out to right. Cameron struck out swinging. Hall tripled to deep right. Kendall intentionally walked. Sabathia reached on infield single to second, Hall scored, Kendall to second. Durham walked, Kendall to third, Sabathia to second. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Durham out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez singled to center. Hundley struck out swinging. Gonzalez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Geer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Geer pitching for Padres. Braun grounded out to third. Fielder grounded out to first. Hart reached on infield single to shortstop. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Giles reached on infield single to first. Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher, Giles to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. Gonzalez walked. Headley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Hall flied out to right. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Sabathia singled to left. Durham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Ambres walked. Ambres to second on wild pitch by Sabathia. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Ambres to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Bard hit for Hensley. Bard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Hardy grounded out to second. Braun grounded out to shortstop. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Gagne pitching for Brewers. Giles homered to right. Rodriguez doubled to right. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Headley grounded out to first, Rodriguez to third, Gonzalez to second. Ambres flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Hart singled to left. Cameron grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hart out at second. Hall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Counsell at third base. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Hundley grounded out to third. Venable hit for Meredith. Venable walked. Giles safe at second on error by first baseman Fielder, Venable to third. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Padres. Kendall walked. Gwynn ran for Kendall. Counsell sacrificed to first, Gwynn to second. Durham flied out to right, Gwynn to third. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 10th. Rivera catching. Torres pitching for Brewers. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to second. Gonzalez walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Gerut ran for Kouzmanoff. Headley bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gerut out at third, Gonzalez to second. Ambres flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 10th. Rodriguez at third base. Kazmar at shortstop. Falkenborg pitching for Padres. Antonelli at second base. Braun walked. Fielder walked, Braun to second. Hart grounded into double play, third to first, Braun out at third, Fielder to second. Cameron intentionally walked. Kapler hit for Torres. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 11th. Riske pitching for Brewers. Hundley flied out to right. Antonelli walked. Giles singled to right, Antonelli to third. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 11th. Falkenborg pitching for Padres. Rivera singled to center. Escobar ran for Rivera. Counsell bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Escobar out at second. Durham singled to right center, Counsell to third. Hardy singled to left, Counsell scored, Durham to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Brewers 3.	Hardy's walk-off single gets Brewers out of tailspin