Reds - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Hairston struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to shortstop. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Durham walked. Hardy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Durham out at second. Braun popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Bruce lined out to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Fielder lined out to center. Kapler struck out swinging. Cameron popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Phillips hit by pitch. Hanigan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Arroyo bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hanigan out at second. Hairston walked, Arroyo to second. Keppinger singled to center, Arroyo to third, Hairston to second. Votto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Counsell walked. Kendall lined out to right, Counsell to third on throwing error by right fielder Bruce. Sabathia grounded out to second, Counsell scored. Durham singled to left. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion flied out to center. Bruce struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Braun lined out to center. Fielder grounded out to second. Kapler singled to left. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Phillips singled to center. Hanigan singled to left, Phillips to second. Arroyo struck out swinging. Hairston homered to left, Phillips and Hanigan scored. Keppinger grounded out to second. Votto struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Counsell singled to center. Kendall popped out to second. Sabathia doubled to deep right, Counsell to third. Durham walked. Hardy grounded into double play, third to second to first, Durham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion doubled to deep left. Bruce singled to right, Encarnacion to third. Gwynn in right field. Cabrera lined out to second. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Encarnacion out at home, Bruce to second. Hanigan lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Braun grounded out to second. Fielder struck out swinging. Gwynn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Brewers. Arroyo reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hairston popped out to first. Keppinger singled to center, Arroyo to second. Votto struck out swinging. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Cameron walked. Counsell grounded out to pitcher, Cameron to second. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop, Cameron scored, Kendall to second on throwing error by shortstop Keppinger. Nelson hit for Sabathia. Nelson flied out to center. Durham grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Brewers. Bruce struck out swinging. Patterson hit for Cabrera. Patterson grounded out to second. Richar hit for Phillips. Richar lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Hairston in left field. Patterson in center field. Richar at second base. Weathers pitching for Reds. Hardy singled to center. Braun walked, Hardy to second. Fielder singled to left center, Hardy to third, Braun to second. Gwynn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hardy scored, Fielder out at second, Braun to third. Cameron singled to left, Braun scored. Counsell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Castillo hit for Hanigan. Castillo struck out looking. Valentin hit for Weathers. Valentin struck out swinging. Dickerson hit for Hairston. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Brewers 4.	Brewers rally in 8th to stop 3-game skid