Cardinals - Top 1st . Moore pitching for Phillies . Edman walked . Goldschmidt walked , Edman to second . Arenado flied out to center . Molina struck out swinging . DeJong flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Kim pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen grounded out to third . Segura popped out to first . Hoskins singled to center . Realmuto hit by pitch , Hoskins to second . Bohm singled to left center , Hoskins scored , Realmuto to second . Gregorius walked , Bohm to second , Realmuto to third . Joyce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Moore pitching for Phillies . Dean struck out looking . Carlson grounded out to first . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Quinn lined out to shortstop . Moore struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Moore pitching for Phillies . Kim grounded out to pitcher . Edman grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt singled to left center . Arenado walked , Goldschmidt to second . Molina homered to left ( 346 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored and Arenado scored . DeJong homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Dean walked . Carlson doubled to left , Dean scored . Williams intentionally walked . Romero pitching for Phillies . Williams to second on wild pitch by Moore , Carlson to third on wild pitch by Moore . Carlson scored on error , Kim safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bohm , Williams safe at third on error . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kim out at second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Segura singled to deep left . Hoskins doubled to deep left center , Segura to third . Realmuto grounded out to catcher , Segura scored , Hoskins to third . Bohm hit sacrifice fly to left , Hoskins scored . Gregorius singled to right , Gregorius safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Williams . Joyce struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Goldschmidt singled to center . Arenado homered to left ( 364 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Molina homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . DeJong struck out swinging . Dean flied out to right . Carlson walked . Williams singled to right , Carlson to third . Carpenter hit for Kim . Carpenter struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Quinn fouled out to third . Velasquez struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to left . Segura fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Edman reached on infield single to shortstop . Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop . Arenado struck out swinging . Edman caught stealing second , catcher to second . Vince Velasquez pitches to Yadier Molina . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Hoskins singled to right center . Realmuto struck out swinging . Bohm struck out swinging . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Gregorius doubled to deep right , Hoskins scored . Joyce popped out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Torreyes at second base . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Molina doubled to deep center . DeJong walked . Dean walked , DeJong to second , Molina to third . Carlson struck out swinging . Hale pitching for Phillies . Moniak in right field . Williams grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Molina out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Quinn walked . Moniak struck out looking . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Carlson in right field . Williams in left field . Hurst in center field . McCutchen walked , Quinn to second . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen to second , Quinn to third . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hale pitching for Phillies . Hurst struck out swinging . Edman flied out to left . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Realmuto struck out swinging . Bohm struck out swinging . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Hale pitching for Phillies . Arenado struck out swinging . Molina fouled out to first . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Knapp hit for Hale . Knapp grounded out to shortstop . Quinn flied out to right . Moniak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Nogowski hit for Cabrera . Neris pitching for Phillies . Nogowski struck out looking . Carlson singled to right . Williams struck out swinging . Hurst lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen walked . Torreyes singled to right , McCutchen to third . Hoskins struck out swinging . Torreyes to second on wild pitch by Reyes . Realmuto walked . Bohm popped out to second . Gregorius lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Phillies 4 .	Molina homers twice to lead Cardinals past Phillies 9 - 4