Cardinals - Top 1st . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter struck out swinging . Carlson homered to right center ( 418 feet ) . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . O'Neill struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Rojas grounded out to second . Marte popped out to first . Kelly singled to left . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Sosa singled to center . Rondón grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sosa out at second . Knizner doubled to deep center , Rondón scored . Thomas grounded out to first , Knizner to third . Kim grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Reddick flied out to center . Ahmed tripled to deep right center . Locastro singled to left , Ahmed scored . Peacock grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Carlson lined out to center , Carpenter to third . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt to second , Carpenter out at home . O'Neill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Rojas lined out to second . Marte homered to center ( 457 feet ) . Kelly singled to left . Escobar safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Sosa , Kelly to second . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Sosa struck out swinging . Rondón reached on infield single to pitcher . Knizner struck out swinging . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rondón out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Reddick doubled to deep left center . Ahmed singled to shallow left . Locastro struck out swinging . Peacock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ahmed out at second , Reddick to third . Rojas walked , Peacock to second . Marte singled to left , Peacock scored and Reddick scored , Rojas to second . Kelly grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rojas out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Kim grounded out to third . Carpenter flied out to left . Carlson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hyun Kim pitching for Cardinals . Escobar flied out to center . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Reddick singled to center . Ahmed flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks . Goldschmidt lined out to left . O'Neill singled to center . Sosa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , O'Neill out at second , Sosa out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Locastro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sosa . Smith hit for Peacock . Smith singled to right , Locastro to third . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas to second , Smith to third , Locastro out at home in rundown . Marte intentionally walked . Kelly walked , Smith scored , Marte to second , Rojas to third . Escobar reached on infield single to second , Rojas scored , Kelly to second , Marte to third . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Walker singled to left , Marte scored , Escobar to second , Kelly to third . Reddick singled to left center , Kelly scored , Walker to second , Escobar to third . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar scored , Ahmed to second , Reddick safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Rondón , Walker out at third . Locastro lined out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith in left field . Rondón singled to right . Knizner singled to center , Rondón to second . Thomas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Knizner out at second , Rondón to third . Williams hit for Woodford . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Smith grounded out to third . Rojas walked . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas out at second . Kelly lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter doubled to deep right center . Carlson singled to right , Carpenter to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . O'Neill struck out looking . Sosa grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Escobar walked . Walker grounded into double play , third to second to first , Escobar out at second . Reddick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Leyba at second base . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Rondón lined out to center . Knizner struck out looking . Thomas walked . Edman hit for Fernandez . Edman lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Diamondbacks 9 .	D - backs end 13 - game skid , top Cards 9 - 2 with Marte 's 3 RBIs