Cardinals - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Edman flied out to center . Goldschmidt singled to center . O'Neill homered to left center ( 403 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Arenado reached on infield single to shortstop . Carlson flied out to left . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Wong lined out to shortstop . Escobar struck out swinging . Yelich lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Sosa walked . Bader grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sosa safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Escobar . Mikolas sacrificed to pitcher , Bader to second , Sosa to third . Edman hit sacrifice fly to center , Sosa scored and Bader scored . Goldschmidt doubled to shallow left . O'Neill doubled to left , Goldschmidt scored . Arenado doubled to third , O'Neill scored . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Carlson flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . García grounded out to third . Narváez fouled out to third . Urías grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Molina flied out to first . Sosa reached on infield single to second . Bader grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sosa out at second . Mikolas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Peterson grounded out to second . Cain doubled to center . Gustave struck out looking . Wong popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Edman grounded out to second . Goldschmidt hit by pitch . O'Neill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt to second , Goldschmidt safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Urías . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Carlson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gustave pitching for Brewers . Molina flied out to left . Sosa singled to shallow center . Norris pitching for Brewers . Bader singled to left , Sosa to second . Mikolas sacrificed to third , Bader to second , Sosa to third . Edman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . DeJong at shortstop . Sosa at third base . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Narváez doubled to right . Urías singled to right , Narváez scored . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Urías out at second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peterson out at second . Norris grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cain out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Norris pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt popped out to third . O'Neill struck out looking . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Wong grounded out to second . Escobar lined out to left . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Vogelbach at first base . Peterson at second base . Norris pitching for Brewers . Carlson reached on infield single to second . Carlson to second on wild pitch by Norris . Molina flied out to right , Carlson to third . Sosa struck out swinging . Bader doubled to left , Carlson scored . Mikolas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . García homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Narváez struck out swinging . Urías grounded out to shortstop . Peterson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Strickland pitching for Brewers . Edman singled to right . Edman to second on wild pitch by Strickland . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 433 feet ) , Edman scored . O'Neill grounded out to first . DeJong struck out swinging . Carlson doubled to left . Knizner hit for Molina . Knizner fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Knizner catching . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Cain lined out to third . Taylor hit for Strickland . Taylor flied out to shortstop . Vogelbach walked . Escobar fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Piña catching . Narváez at second base . Jace Peterson pitching for Brewers . Bradley Jr. in center field . Taylor in right field . Sosa struck out swinging . Bader reached on infield single to shortstop . Nootbaar hit for Miller . Nootbaar grounded out to shortstop , Bader to second . Edman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Carpenter at first base . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Yelich struck out looking . Piña struck out swinging . Narváez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Brewers 2 .	Cards win 11th in row , best streak since 2001 ; stall Brewers