Cardinals - Top 1st . Sampson pitching for Cubs . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt lined out to left . O'Neill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Contreras grounded out to pitcher . Schwindel lined out to left . Happ struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Sampson pitching for Cubs . Arenado popped out to second . Molina flied out to right . Bader homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Nootbaar flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Wisdom struck out swinging . Duffy doubled to deep left . Bote walked . Thompson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bote out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Sampson pitching for Cubs . DeJong struck out looking . Lester grounded out to second . Edman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Alcántara singled to left . Sampson sacrificed to first , Alcántara to second . Contreras doubled to deep center , Alcántara scored . Schwindel struck out swinging . Happ singled to center , Contreras scored , Happ to second . Wisdom walked . Duffy grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Sampson pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt flied out to left . O'Neill homered to left ( 412 feet ) . Arenado flied out to center . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Bote singled to left . Thompson struck out looking . Alcántara reached on infield single to first , Bote to second . Sampson sacrificed , Sampson to first on fielding error by third baseman Arenado , Alcántara to second , Bote to third . Contreras singled to center , Bote scored , Sampson to second , Alcántara to third . Schwindel flied out to second . Happ walked , Alcántara scored , Contreras to second , Sampson to third . Wisdom grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Sampson pitching for Cubs . Bader reached on infield single to third . Nootbaar struck out swinging , Bader stole second . DeJong grounded out to third . Bader to third on wild pitch by Sampson . Lester struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Duffy singled to deep left . Bote struck out looking . Thompson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duffy out at second . Alcántara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Sampson pitching for Cubs . Edman grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . O'Neill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Romine hit for Sampson . Romine singled to left . Contreras grounded into double play , third to second to first , Romine out at second . Schwindel grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Heuer pitching for Cubs . Arenado doubled to deep left . Molina singled to shallow center , Arenado to third . Bader singled to left , Arenado scored , Molina to second . Nootbaar singled to left center , Molina scored , Bader to third . Effross pitching for Cubs . DeJong hit sacrifice fly to center , Bader scored . Carlson hit for Kim . Carlson struck out swinging . Edman grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Cardinals . Happ grounded out to third . Wisdom walked . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wisdom out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wisdom at third base . Wick pitching for Cubs . Ortega in left field . Goldschmidt walked . O'Neill struck out swinging . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Cardinals . Bote tripled to right . Thompson walked . Alcántara struck out swinging . Ortega grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to second to catcher to center to shortstop , Thompson out at second , Bote out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Nance pitching for Cubs . Molina flied out to right . Bader doubled to center . Bader stole third . Nootbaar struck out , Bader scored on Nance wild pitch , Nootbaar to first on wild pitch by Nance . DeJong homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Nootbaar scored . Carpenter hit for McFarland . Carpenter struck out looking . Edman grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . García pitching for Cardinals . Contreras grounded out to shortstop . Schwindel grounded out to pitcher . Happ homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Wisdom struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Cubs 5 .	Cardinals set team record with 15th straight win , beat Cubs