Cardinals - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Kennedy flied out to left . Duncan singled to center . Pujols lined out to right . Edmonds grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to right . Pierre flied out to left . Garciaparra flied out to right . Kent walked , Furcal to second . Gonzalez walked , Furcal to third , Kent to second . Martin hit by pitch , Furcal scored , Kent to third , Gonzalez to second . Ethier singled to center , Kent and Gonzalez scored , Martin to third , Ethier to second advancing on throw . LaRoche walked . Lowe grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Rolen grounded out to second . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Molina walked . Eckstein singled to shallow center , Molina to second . Wainwright grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to right . Pierre flied out to left . Garciaparra grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Kennedy doubled to deep left . Duncan grounded out to second , Kennedy to third . Pujols singled to right , Kennedy scored . Edmonds walked , Pujols to second . Rolen doubled to deep center , Pujols scored , Edmonds to third . Ludwick singled to right , Edmonds scored , Rolen to third , Ludwick out stretching at second . Molina grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kent doubled to deep left . Gonzalez singled to right , Kent to third . Martin singled to left , Kent scored , Gonzalez to second . Ethier popped out to shortstop . LaRoche walked , Gonzalez to third , Martin to second . Lowe popped out to first . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Furcal tripled to deep center , Gonzalez , Martin and LaRoche scored . Pierre hit ground rule double to deep right , Furcal scored . Garciaparra singled to center , Pierre scored . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein lined out to third . Jimenez struck out looking . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Martin doubled to deep right . Ethier flied out to left . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols safe at second on throwing error by third baseman LaRoche . Edmonds grounded out to first , Pujols to third . Rolen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Lowe struck out swinging . Furcal flied out to left . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Ludwick grounded out to second . Molina singled to right . Miles hit for Jimenez . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein singled to left , Molina to second . Miles lined out to second . Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals . Miles at shortstop . Kennedy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals . Garciaparra walked . Kent flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Garciaparra out at second . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Clark in left field . Martin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Duncan reached on infield single to shortstop . Taguchi hit for Edmonds . Pujols doubled to deep right center , Duncan scored . Taguchi walked . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Taguchi out at second , Pujols to third . Ludwick reached on infield single to pitcher , Pujols scored , Rolen to second . Spiezio hit for Falkenborg . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Molina singled to deep right , Rolen scored , Ludwick to third . Spiezio struck out swinging . Taguchi in center field . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Miles struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Ethier flied out to left . LaRoche walked . Clark struck out swinging . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Furcal singled to center , LaRoche to second . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Kennedy grounded out to first . Duncan grounded out to shortstop . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Garciaparra flied out to center . Saenz hit for Broxton . Kent lined out to shortstop . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Saenz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Taguchi flied out to center . Rolen struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Dodgers 9 .	Furcal 's four hits in 3rd straight game lift Dodgers