Nationals - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to left , Guzman to second . Church singled to shallow center , Guzman scored , Zimmerman to second . Kearns flied out to center , Zimmerman to third . Young walked , Church to second . Schneider flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Eckstein grounded out to second . Duncan grounded out to first . Pujols singled to right . Spiezio singled to right , Pujols to third . Rolen walked , Spiezio to second . Edmonds singled to right center , Pujols and Spiezio scored , Rolen to third . Molina grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Logan grounded out to first . Speigner to second on wild pitch by Thompson . Speigner struck out swinging , Speigner safe at on error by player player , Speigner to second on throwing error by catcher Molina . Lopez grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Kennedy singled to center . Thompson sacrificed to pitcher , Kennedy to second . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop , Kennedy to third . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Church grounded out to second . Kearns singled to center . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Pujols singled to left . Spiezio flied out to right , Pujols to second . Rolen flied out to center , Pujols to third . Edmonds singled to left , Pujols scored . Molina lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Schneider grounded out to second . Logan singled to left . Speigner sacrificed to first , Logan to second . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Kennedy singled to center . Thompson sacrificed to pitcher , Kennedy to second . Eckstein singled to left , Kennedy scored . Duncan walked , Eckstein to second . Eckstein to third , Duncan to second on passed ball by Schneider . Pujols walked . Spiezio reached on infield single to first , Eckstein scored , Duncan to third , Pujols to second . Traber pitching for Nationals . Rolen doubled to right , Duncan and Pujols scored , Spiezio to third . Edmonds flied out to center . Molina walked . Kennedy walked , Spiezio scored , Rolen to third , Molina to second . Thompson grounded out to catcher . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Guzman singled to left . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guzman out at second . Church grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Traber pitching for Nationals . Eckstein singled to left . Duncan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Duncan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Kearns singled to center . Young singled to left , Kearns to second . Schneider singled to left , Kearns to third , Young to second . Langerhans hit for Traber . Logan grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kearns out at home , Young to third , Schneider to second . Langerhans singled to right , Young scored , Schneider to third , Logan to second . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Schneider scored . Abreu pitching for Nationals . Guzman grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Abreu pitching for Nationals . Spiezio grounded out to first . Rolen struck out swinging . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman singled to left . Church struck out swinging . Kearns grounded into double play , third to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Abreu pitching for Nationals . Molina struck out swinging . Kennedy flied out to left . Ludwick hit for Wellemeyer . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Young walked . Flores hit for Schneider . Flores grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . Batista hit for Abreu . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Logan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein . Batista hit sacrifice fly to left , Flores scored . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Logan out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Flores catching . King pitching for Nationals . Eckstein singled to left . Duncan flied out to center . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Jimenez pitching for Cardinals . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Church doubled to deep right center . Kearns doubled to right , Church scored . Taguchi in right field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to center , Kearns scored . Fick ran for Young . Flores fouled out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Cardinals 8 .	Edmonds , Pujols help Cards snap Nats ' win streak