Reds - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Hopper grounded out to second . Hamilton walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamilton out at second . Dunn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Eckstein singled to center . Duncan struck out swinging . Eckstein to second on passed ball by Ross . Pujols flied out to right . Edmonds doubled to deep center , Eckstein scored . Spiezio flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion singled to right . Hatteberg walked , Encarnacion to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnacion out at third , Hatteberg to second . Castro struck out swinging . Harang fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Encarnacion singled to center . Bennett hit by pitch , Encarnacion to second . Stinnett ran for Bennett . Kennedy struck out swinging . Wellemeyer struck out swinging . Eckstein singled to left , Encarnacion scored , Stinnett to second . Duncan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Stinnett catching . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Hopper flied out to right . Hamilton doubled to left center . Phillips grounded out to shortstop , Hamilton to third . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Edmonds struck out looking . Spiezio flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion walked . Hatteberg walked , Encarnacion to second . Ross walked , Encarnacion to third , Hatteberg to second . Castro struck out looking . Harang struck out swinging . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Hopper walked , Encarnacion scored , Hatteberg to third , Ross to second . Hatteberg scored , Ross to third , Hopper to second on wild pitch by Johnson . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Encarnacion safe at first on error by catcher Ross . Stinnett fouled out to right . Kennedy singled to left , Encarnacion to second . Johnson sacrificed to first , Encarnacion to third , Kennedy to second . Eckstein grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Phillips singled to left center . Dunn hit by pitch , Phillips to second . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dunn out at second , Phillips to third . Hatteberg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Duncan struck out looking . Pujols singled to left center . Pujols to second on wild pitch by Harang . Edmonds popped out to second . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Ross struck out swinging . Castro lined out to center . Harang walked . Hopper flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Encarnacion homered to left . Stinnett flied out to right . Ludwick hit for Springer . Kennedy flied out to right . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Phillips tripled to deep right . Dunn singled to right , Phillips scored . Conine hit for Hatteberg . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion singled to center , Dunn to second . Griffey Jr hit for Ross . Conine singled to right center , Dunn to third , Encarnacion to second . Valentin hit for Castro . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dunn out at home , Encarnacion to third , Conine to second . Conine at first base . Coffey pitching for Reds . Valentin catching . Gonzalez at shortstop . Valentin grounded out to first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Eckstein doubled to deep left . Duncan grounded out to third . Stanton pitching for Reds . Pujols intentionally walked . Edmonds flied out to left . Spiezio flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein . Hopper sacrificed to third , Gonzalez to second . Hamilton grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Phillips hit by pitch . Majewski pitching for Reds . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Majewski pitching for Reds . Encarnacion popped out to second . Stinnett grounded out to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Miles at second base . Kennedy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion walked . Moeller hit for Majewski . Conine struck out swinging . Moeller grounded out to shortstop , Encarnacion to second . Valentin walked . Burton pitching for Reds . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Burton pitching for Reds . Miles walked . Taguchi hit for Duncan . Eckstein sacrificed to first , Miles to second . Coutlangus pitching for Reds . Miles to third on wild pitch by Coutlangus . Taguchi singled to right , Miles scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 3 - Cardinals 4 .	So hot : Taguchi 's game - winning single lifts Cards