Cardinals - Top 1st . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Taguchi struck out swinging . Spiezio walked . Pujols hit ground rule double to deep right , Spiezio to third . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop , Spiezio scored . Rolen grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Buck singled to center . Kotsay walked , Buck to second . Swisher fouled out to first . Buck to third , Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Buck out at home , Kotsay to third . Crosby flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Ludwick popped out to second . Miles grounded out to third . Stinnett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Cust singled to deep right , Cust to second on error by right fielder Encarnacion . Ellis flied out to left . Scutaro doubled to deep center , Cust scored . Suzuki grounded out to third . Buck flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Ryan singled to left . Taguchi reached on infield single to pitcher , Ryan to second . Spiezio doubled to right , Ryan scored , Taguchi to third . Pujols grounded out to second , Taguchi scored , Spiezio to third . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center , Spiezio scored . Rolen walked . Ludwick lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Kotsay flied out to left . Swisher homered to right center . Johnson walked . Crosby struck out looking . Cust doubled to deep center , Johnson to third . Johnson scored , Cust to third on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Ellis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . DiNardo pitching for Athletics . Miles doubled to deep right . Stinnett singled to left , Miles to third . Ryan lined out to shortstop . Taguchi singled to left , Miles scored , Stinnett to second . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Spiezio lined out to third . Pujols struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Scutaro grounded out to third . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki doubled to left . Buck walked . Kotsay grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lugo pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion doubled to shortstop , Encarnacion to third on throwing error by shortstop Crosby . Rolen walked . Ludwick flied out to right . Miles singled to right , Encarnacion scored , Rolen to third . Stinnett doubled to deep right , Rolen scored , Miles to third . Ryan reached on infield single to first , Miles scored , Stinnett to third . Taguchi doubled to deep right , Stinnett and Ryan scored . Calero pitching for Athletics . Spiezio hit by pitch . Pujols walked , Taguchi to third , Spiezio to second . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Taguchi scored , Pujols out at second , Spiezio to third . Duncan hit for Ludwick . Rolen walked , Encarnacion to second . Duncan homered to right , Spiezio , Encarnacion and Rolen scored . Duncan in left field . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 10 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Swisher grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to second . Crosby singled to center . Cust walked , Crosby to second . Ellis homered to left , Crosby and Cust scored . Flores pitching for Athletics . Scutaro lined out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Stinnett struck out swinging . Ryan struck out swinging . Taguchi singled to right center . Spiezio walked , Taguchi to second . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Pujols lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki singled to center . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Kotsay singled to center . Swisher singled to center , Kotsay to second . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Encarnacion flied out to right . Rolen struck out swinging . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Duncan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Crosby struck out looking . Cust walked . Ellis struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Athletics . Miles flied out to right . Stinnett struck out swinging . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Ryan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Buck singled to deep right . Kotsay singled to right , Buck to second . Swisher struck out looking . Furmaniak at second base . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Taguchi flied out to center . Spiezio singled to center . Pujols singled to center , Spiezio to second . Encarnacion grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . Cust singled to left . Furmaniak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cust out at second . Scutaro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 15 - Athletics 6 .	Duncan 's granny , Taguchi 's RBIs lead Cards ' rout