Cardinals - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Taguchi grounded out to second . Spiezio homered to left . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Buck singled to center . Ellis hit by pitch , Buck to second . Swisher flied out to center , Buck to third . Cust homered to center , Buck and Ellis scored . Stewart walked . Johnson lined out to center . Crosby doubled to deep right center , Stewart scored , Crosby to third advancing on throw . Scutaro hit by pitch . Kendall doubled to deep left , Crosby scored , Scutaro to third . Buck struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Rolen flied out to center . Ludwick safe at first on error by third baseman Scutaro . Ludwick stole second . Miles singled to left , Ludwick to third . Bennett hit sacrifice fly to center , Ludwick scored . Miles to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Ryan walked . Taguchi grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Ellis fouled out to left . Swisher grounded out to first . Cust struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Spiezio singled to center . Pujols struck out swinging . Encarnacion lined out to right . Rolen lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop . Crosby walked , Johnson to second . Scutaro walked , Johnson to third , Crosby to second . Kendall fouled out to first . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Ludwick singled to center . Miles walked , Ludwick to second . Bennett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Miles out at second , Ludwick to third . Ryan singled to left , Ludwick scored . Taguchi singled to center , Ryan scored . Taguchi stole second . Spiezio walked . Pujols walked , Taguchi to third , Spiezio to second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Ellis flied out to left . Swisher flied out to left . Cust doubled to deep left center . Stewart popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Rolen lined out to right . Ludwick fouled out to first . Miles singled to left . Bennett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Johnson lined out to center . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro singled to center . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Kendall lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Ryan popped out to first . Taguchi flied out to center . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Buck struck out swinging . Ellis popped out to third . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Lewis pitching for Athletics . Pujols singled to center . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Pujols to second . Rolen singled to right , Pujols scored , Encarnacion to second . Casilla pitching for Athletics . Ludwick homered to left , Encarnacion and Rolen scored . Miles struck out swinging . Bennett walked . Ryan bunt grounded out to third , Bennett to second . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Taguchi struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Cust singled to deep right . Stewart grounded out to third , Cust to second . Johnson grounded out to second , Cust to third . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Crosby doubled to deep left , Cust scored . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Scutaro flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Spiezio grounded out to pitcher . Pujols walked . Encarnacion walked , Pujols to second . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pujols to third , Encarnacion safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Marshall . Ludwick singled to left , Pujols and Encarnacion scored , Rolen to second . Miles grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ludwick out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Kendall singled to shallow right center . Buck grounded into double play , second to first , Kendall out at second . Ellis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Marshall pitching for Athletics . Bennett flied out to right . Ryan grounded out to first . Taguchi walked . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Swisher grounded out to first . Cust lined out to left . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 10 - Athletics 6 .	Ludwick nails three - run blast as Cards smack A 's