Royals - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus doubled to left . German grounded out to shortstop . Teahen popped out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Elarton pitching for Royals . Taguchi flied out to right . Encarnacion lined out to left . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Gordon singled to right . LaRue grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . Cortez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Spiezio grounded out to first . Rolen singled to left . Duncan homered to center , Rolen scored . Ryan flied out to center . Stinnett flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Pena grounded out to third . Elarton struck out swinging . DeJesus hit by pitch . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Elarton pitching for Royals . Thompson singled to right . Taguchi singled to center , Thompson to second . Encarnacion flied out to right , Thompson to third . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right , Thompson scored , Taguchi to second . Taguchi to third on wild pitch by Elarton . Spiezio singled to right , Taguchi scored . Rolen walked , Spiezio to second . Musser pitching for Royals . Duncan singled to center , Spiezio scored , Rolen to second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duncan out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Teahen struck out swinging . Brown singled to left . Gordon singled to left center , Brown to second . LaRue grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second , Brown to third . Cortez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Musser pitching for Royals . Stinnett lined out to shortstop . Thompson struck out swinging . Taguchi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Pena grounded out to first . Musser grounded out to second . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Musser pitching for Royals . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Pujols singled to center . Spiezio grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . German grounded out to shortstop . Teahen fouled out to third . Brown singled to left . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Brown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Musser pitching for Royals . Rolen reached on infield single to second . Duncan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rolen out at second . Miles at second base . Ryan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . LaRue struck out swinging . Cortez doubled to left . Gathright hit for Musser . Pena grounded out to third . Gathright singled to center , Cortez scored . DeJesus hit by pitch , Gathright to second . Peralta pitching for Royals . German grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gathright out at third , DeJesus to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Schumaker hit for Thompson . Peralta pitching for Royals . Stinnett singled to center . Schumaker flied out to center . Taguchi grounded out to second , Stinnett to second . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Teahen bunt grounded out to third . Brown flied out to left . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Pujols struck out swinging . Miles struck out swinging . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Rolen fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Costa hit for LaRue . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Costa grounded out to first . Cortez flied out to center . Pena grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 1 - Cardinals 5 .	Thompson , Duncan help Cards beat Royals