Phillies - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rollins singled to left . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rollins out at second . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Howard singled to left , Victorino scored , Utley to second . Rowand flied out to right . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Taguchi grounded out to shortstop . Spiezio singled to right . Pujols singled to right , Spiezio to third . Duncan grounded out to pitcher , Spiezio scored , Pujols to second . Pujols caught stealing third , catcher to third . Rolen batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Dobbs grounded out to second . Barajas grounded out to third . Eaton singled to center . Rollins flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Rolen flied out to center . Encarnacion flied out to right . Miles grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Victorino struck out looking . Utley flied out to left . Howard flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Bennett struck out looking . Wainwright struck out looking . Taguchi lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rowand reached on infield single to third . Burrell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rowand out at second . Dobbs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Spiezio flied out to center . Pujols walked . Duncan struck out looking . Rolen hit ground rule double to right , Pujols to third . Encarnacion homered to left , Pujols and Rolen scored . Miles singled to center . Bennett grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Barajas singled to left . Eaton sacrificed to pitcher , Barajas to second . Rollins singled to center , Barajas scored . Victorino grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Wainwright flied out to center . Taguchi grounded out to third . Spiezio singled to center , Spiezio out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Howard singled to right . Rowand struck out swinging . Burrell walked , Howard to second . Howard to third on wild pitch by Wainwright . Dobbs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Phillies . Pujols hit by pitch . Duncan homered to center , Pujols scored . Rolen popped out to second . Encarnacion singled to left . Geary pitching for Phillies . Nunez at third base . Miles singled to right , Encarnacion to third . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in left field . Bennett lined into double play , to first , Miles doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Barajas lined out to center . Nunez safe at first on error by second baseman Spiezio . Rollins singled to right , Nunez to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rollins out at second , Nunez to third . Utley singled to right , Nunez scored , Victorino to third . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Howard flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi singled to center . Spiezio walked , Taguchi to second . Kennedy hit for Flores . Pujols flied out to right . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Kennedy at second base . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Rowand grounded out to second . Bourn hit for Geary . Burrell struck out looking . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Bourn lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Mesa pitching for Phillies . Rolen grounded out to third . Encarnacion walked . Miles singled to right , Encarnacion to second , Encarnacion scored , Miles to second on error by right fielder Victorino . Bennett grounded out to first , Miles to third . Miles scored on Mesa 's wild pitch . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Barajas struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to second . Rollins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Cardinals 8 .	Encarnacion , Duncan power Cards past Phillies