Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to first . Byrnes flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy singled to left . Ludwick flied out to center . Pujols flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Tracy grounded out to second . Reynolds grounded out to third . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen singled to left . Duncan singled to right , Rolen to third . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rolen scored , Duncan out at second . Ryan grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Hairston singled to center . Montero homered to left center , Hairston scored . Hernandez grounded out to second . Young struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Thompson singled to right . Kennedy bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Thompson out at second . Kennedy caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ludwick doubled to deep left . Ludwick to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes singled to right . Byrnes caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Tracy hit ground rule double to left . Reynolds flied out to right . Drew walked . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnacion struck out looking . Rolen grounded out to third . Duncan fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to left . Hernandez bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Young walked . Young stole second . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina singled to center . Ryan singled to center , Molina to second . Thompson struck out bunting foul . Kennedy flied out to left . Ludwick lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes grounded out to third . Tracy grounded out to second . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Rolen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Drew hit ground rule double to deep right center . Hairston flied out to center . Montero flied out to left . Hernandez homered to left , Drew scored . Young grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Duncan homered to left center . Molina grounded out to second . Schumaker hit for Thompson . Ryan homered to left . Schumaker singled to left . Kennedy flied out to right . Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in center field . Ludwick struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Hudson singled to center . Byrnes singled to center , Hudson to second . Tracy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Byrnes out at second , Hudson to third . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols singled to center . Encarnacion doubled to deep right center , Pujols scored . Rolen doubled to right , Encarnacion scored . Duncan fouled out to third . Molina lined out to right . Taguchi in center field . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in left field . Ryan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Drew hit ground rule double to left . Ojeda hit for Hairston . Ojeda struck out swinging . Clark hit for Lyon . Montero struck out swinging . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Cardinals 5 .	Rolen , Encarnacion help Cards rally past D - backs