Cardinals - Top 1st . James pitching for Braves . Eckstein flied out to left . Edmonds popped out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harris struck out swinging , Harris safe at first on wild pitch by Wainwright . Harris to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Harris to third on passed ball by Molina . Renteria grounded out to third . Jones singled to left , Harris scored . Jones struck out swinging . McCann fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . James pitching for Braves . Encarnacion struck out looking . Ludwick doubled to deep right center . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Johnson grounded out to second . Franco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . James pitching for Braves . Ryan flied out to right . Wainwright struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . James grounded out to second . Harris grounded out to first . Renteria doubled to deep left . Jones walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Renteria out at third , Jones to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . James pitching for Braves . Edmonds flied out to center . Pujols homered to left . Encarnacion singled to left . Ludwick struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . McCann doubled to deep right . Francoeur flied out to left , McCann to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . James pitching for Braves . Miles walked . Ryan singled to left , Miles to second . Wainwright sacrificed to third , Miles to third , Ryan to second . Eckstein flied out to center . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . James struck out swinging . Harris struck out looking . Renteria doubled to deep left . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Renteria to third . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . James pitching for Braves . Pujols walked . Encarnacion flied out to center . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . Molina flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . McCann struck out swinging . Francoeur walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . Franco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . James pitching for Braves . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Ryan singled to left center . Wainwright bunt popped out foul to catcher . Eckstein singled to left , Ryan to second . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Thorman hit for James . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Thorman singled to left center . Harris bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Thorman out at second . Harris caught stealing second , catcher to second . Renteria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Soriano pitching for Braves . Pujols doubled to deep right . Encarnacion singled to left , Pujols scored , Encarnacion to third on throwing error by left fielder Harris . Duncan hit for Ludwick . Duncan singled to right , Encarnacion scored . Taguchi ran for Duncan . Taguchi stole second . Molina singled to right , Taguchi to third . Miles grounded into double play , second to first to catcher , Taguchi out at home , Molina to second . Ryan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 8th . Taguchi in left field . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Jones flied out to center . Jones popped out to second . McCann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Paronto pitching for Braves . Schumaker hit for Franklin . Schumaker flied out to center . Eckstein walked . Edmonds singled to center , Eckstein to third . Pujols intentionally walked , Edmonds to second . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to left , Eckstein scored , Edmonds to third . Taguchi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur singled to center . Johnson singled to right , Francoeur to second . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johnson out at second , Francoeur to third . Diaz hit for Paronto . Francoeur scored , Franco to second on wild pitch by Isringhausen . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Harris flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Braves 2 .	Encarnacion 's bat keys Cardinals win over Braves