Cardinals - Top 1st . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Miles flied out to left . Schumaker lined out to first . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Harris singled to right . Harris stole second . Renteria walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria out at second , Harris to third . Jones struck out looking . McCann singled to right , Harris scored , Jones to third . Francoeur flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Duncan doubled to deep right . Edmonds flied out to center . Kennedy safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson , Duncan to third . Bennett lined into double play , pitcher to first , Kennedy out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out looking . Thorman doubled to deep right . Carlyle reached on infield single to shortstop , Thorman to third . Harris singled to left , Thorman scored , Carlyle to second . Renteria singled to left , Carlyle to third , Harris to second . Jones singled to right , Carlyle and Harris scored , Renteria to third . Jones fouled out to catcher . McCann flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Ryan doubled to deep left . Looper sacrificed to pitcher , Ryan to third . Miles hit sacrifice fly to right , Ryan scored . Schumaker struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur doubled to deep left . Johnson singled to left , Francoeur to third . Thorman struck out swinging . Carlyle bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Francoeur out at home , Johnson to third . Harris tripled to deep center , Johnson and Carlyle scored . Cate pitching for Cardinals . Renteria singled to center , Harris scored . Jones singled to left , Renteria to second . Jones walked , Renteria to third , Jones to second . McCann popped out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Pujols singled to center . Duncan homered to center , Pujols scored . Edmonds grounded out to second . Kennedy flied out to center . Bennett lined out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Cate pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur walked . Johnson doubled to deep right , Francoeur to third . Thorman walked . Carlyle singled to right , Francoeur scored , Johnson to third , Thorman to second . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Harris tripled to right , Johnson , Thorman and Carlyle scored . Renteria singled to left , Harris scored . Jones homered to center , Renteria scored . Jones struck out swinging . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur flied out to center . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Harris in center field . Escobar at shortstop . Woodward at third base . Diaz in left field . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Ryan flied out to left . Percival struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Johnson struck out looking . Thorman struck out swinging . Carlyle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Carlyle pitching for Braves . Schumaker singled to left . Pujols grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Schumaker out at second . Duncan singled to left . Ludwick hit for Edmonds . Duncan to second on wild pitch by Carlyle . Ludwick walked . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Duncan at first base . Ludwick in left field . Taguchi in center field . Harris singled to right . Escobar grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . Woodward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Ledezma pitching for Braves . Bennett walked . Ryan singled to right , Bennett to second . Taguchi singled to right , Bennett to third , Ryan to second . Miles safe at first on error by third baseman Woodward , Bennett scored , Ryan to third , Taguchi to second . Schumaker reached on infield single to second , Ryan scored , Taguchi to third , Miles to second . Springer struck out swinging . Duncan grounded out to second , Taguchi scored , Miles to third , Schumaker to second . Ludwick flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Diaz lined out to right . McCann hit by pitch . Francoeur struck out swinging . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Kennedy flied out to right . Bennett flied out to left . Ryan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Thorman grounded out to shortstop . Franco hit for Villarreal . Franco struck out swinging . Harris singled to right center . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Yates pitching for Braves . Taguchi lined out to center . Miles grounded out to second . Schumaker fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Braves 14 .	Harris goes 6 - for-6 in Braves ' rout of Cardinals