Cardinals - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Eckstein grounded out to third . Ankiel singled to center . Pujols grounded out to third , Ankiel to second . Edmonds walked . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Drew flied out to right . Salazar lined out to second . Byrnes safe at first on error by shortstop Eckstein . Clark singled to left center , Byrnes to third . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan struck out swinging . Molina popped out to second . Wainwright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Young singled to left . Snyder grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . Ojeda singled to center . Webb safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Branyan , Ojeda scored . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein lined out to third . Ankiel grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Salazar grounded out to first . Byrnes singled to left . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to first to third to shortstop to first to third , Byrnes out at third , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols grounded out to second . Edmonds homered to left . Duncan walked . Branyan walked , Duncan to second . Molina struck out swinging . Wainwright struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds grounded out to third . Young walked . Snyder flied out to left . Young caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Ojeda batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles reached on bunt single to third . Eckstein sacrificed to third , Miles to second . Ankiel grounded out to first , Miles to third . Pujols singled to right , Miles scored . Edmonds flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ojeda fouled out to shortstop . Webb grounded out to shortstop . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Duncan walked . Branyan grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Duncan out at second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Salazar walked . Byrnes doubled to deep center , Salazar scored . Clark flied out to center . Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop , Byrnes to third . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrnes scored , Reynolds out at second . Snyder flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Schumaker hit for Wainwright . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker singled to center . Miles fouled out to third . Eckstein flied out to center . Ankiel popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in right field . Ojeda grounded out to third . Upton hit for Pena . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols doubled to deep right . Edmonds flied out to center , Pujols to third . Duncan walked . Branyan struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Salazar flied out to center . Byrnes popped out to second . Clark homered to right . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker struck out looking . Miles singled to right . Eckstein grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Miles out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Webb picks up 15th as D - backs roll