Astros - Top 1st . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Anderson grounded out to third . Burke fouled out to catcher . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Albers pitching for Astros . Eckstein singled to left . Ankiel singled to right , Eckstein to third . Ludwick walked , Ankiel to second . Schumaker grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Eckstein out at home , Ankiel to third , Ludwick to second . Cairo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to right . Pence struck out looking . Loretta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Albers pitching for Astros . Miles singled to center . Stinnett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Miles out at second . Thompson sacrificed to pitcher , Stinnett to second . Ryan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Wigginton grounded out to third . Towles grounded out to shortstop . Albers grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Albers pitching for Astros . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Ankiel singled to left . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ankiel out at second . Ludwick caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Schumaker batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Anderson singled to left . Burke grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Albers pitching for Astros . Schumaker grounded out to second . Cairo doubled to left . Miles reached on infield single to second , Cairo to third . Stinnett grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Miles out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to right . Pence grounded out to third . Loretta singled to left . Wigginton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Albers pitching for Astros . Thompson struck out swinging . Ryan singled to center . Ryan stole second . Eckstein doubled to left , Ryan scored . Ankiel grounded out to first , Eckstein to third . Ludwick doubled to shallow left , Eckstein scored . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Towles doubled to left . Albers struck out bunting foul . Anderson grounded out to first , Towles to third . Burke singled to left , Towles scored . Berkman lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Astros . Cairo grounded out to pitcher . Miles lined out to third . Stinnett singled to left . Edmonds hit for Thompson . Edmonds singled to shallow right , Stinnett to second . Pineiro ran for Edmonds . Ryan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Pence walked . Pence caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Loretta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Astros . Ransom at shortstop . Eckstein doubled to center . Ankiel homered to right , Eckstein scored . Ludwick singled to left . Schumaker singled to center , Ludwick to second . Cairo singled to center , Schumaker out at third , Ludwick to third . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cairo to second . Pujols hit for Stinnett . Pujols singled to center , Ludwick and Cairo scored , Miles to third . An Reyes ran for Pujols . Moehler pitching for Astros . Taguchi hit for Percival . Taguchi singled to center , Miles scored , An Reyes to second . Ryan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taguchi out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Bennett catching . Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals . Wigginton singled to left . Towles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wigginton out at second . Ransom flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Moehler pitching for Astros . Eckstein lined out to left . Ankiel grounded out to third . Ludwick singled to center . Ludwick to second on wild pitch by Moehler . Schumaker singled to left , Ludwick to third . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Anderson walked . Burke singled to left , Anderson to second . Berkman popped out to shortstop . Lee struck out swinging . Pence homered to center , Anderson and Burke scored . Biggio hit for Moehler . Biggio singled to left . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Branyan at first base . Wigginton lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Ankiel ends homer drought as Cards top Astros