Orioles - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Yankees. Mancini grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to pitcher. Schoop flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gardner doubled to right. Judge flied out to right, Gardner to third. Stanton walked. Gregorius struck out swinging. Austin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Yankees. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Davis bunt grounded out to pitcher. Beckham grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Andújar singled to center. Peterson grounded out to second, Andújar to second. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Andújar out at third. Torreyes doubled to left, Romine to third. Gardner singled to right, Romine and Torreyes scored, Gardner out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Yankees. Álvarez walked. Santander lined out to left. Sisco struck out swinging. Mancini singled to right, Álvarez to second. Machado doubled to deep left, Álvarez and Mancini scored. Schoop fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Judge flied out to left. Stanton walked. Gregorius grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Jones struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to first. Beckham singled to right center. Álvarez doubled to deep right, Beckham scored. Santander grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Austin struck out swinging. Andújar grounded out to third. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Sisco grounded out to second. Mancini grounded out to second. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Romine flied out to right. Torreyes singled to center. Gardner walked, Torreyes to second. Torreyes to third, Gardner to second on wild pitch by Tillman. Judge grounded out to shortstop, Torreyes scored, Gardner to third. Stanton flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Schoop safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Gray. Jones struck out swinging. Davis walked, Schoop to second. Beckham grounded out to pitcher, Schoop to third, Davis to second. Álvarez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gregorius walked. Austin singled to left, Gregorius to third. Andújar hit sacrifice fly to right, Gregorius scored. Peterson singled to center, Austin to second. Austin to third, Peterson to second on wild pitch by Tillman. Romine singled to right, Austin scored, Peterson to third. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Torreyes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Romine out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Warren pitching for Yankees. Santander grounded out to first. Sisco singled to right center. Mancini doubled to right, Sisco to third. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Machado struck out looking. Schoop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Yacabonis pitching for Orioles. Gardner walked. Judge doubled to left, Gardner scored. Stanton flied out to center, Judge to third. Gregorius intentionally walked. Gregorius stole second. Austin singled to left, Judge and Gregorius scored, Austin thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Andújar fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Cortes Jr. pitching for Orioles. Peterson walked. Romine lined out to right. Torreyes reached on infield single to third, Peterson to second. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torreyes out at second, Peterson to third. Peterson caught stealing home, catcher to second to catcher. Judge batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Cessa pitching for Yankees. Álvarez struck out swinging. Santander flied out to center. Sisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Yankees 8.	Gray, Yankees bounce back against Orioles, win 8-3