Orioles - Top 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Mancini grounded out to second. Álvarez popped out to third. Machado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Cobb pitching for Orioles. Martín singled to center. Candelario singled to right, Martín to second. Cabrera fouled out to first. Castellanos struck out swinging. Martínez singled to shallow left, Martín scored, Candelario to second, Candelario thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Jones doubled to deep left center. Davis homered to left (368 feet), Jones scored. Sardiñas grounded out to first. Beckham doubled to center. Santander singled to shallow center, Beckham to third. Sisco struck out swinging. Mancini grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Cobb pitching for Orioles. McCann safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beckham. Jones singled to left, McCann to second. Iglesias tripled to left, McCann and Jones scored. Machado walked. Martín struck out looking. Candelario singled to right, Iglesias scored, Machado to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Machado to third, Candelario to second. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado scored, Cabrera out at second, Candelario to third. Martínez flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Álvarez grounded out to first. Machado homered to left (409 feet). Jones flied out to right. Davis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Cobb pitching for Orioles. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Jones struck out looking. Iglesias flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Sardiñas struck out looking. Beckham struck out swinging. Santander fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Cobb pitching for Orioles. Machado struck out swinging. Martín tripled to deep center. Candelario homered to left center (397 feet), Martín scored. Cabrera singled to center. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Castellanos flied out to right. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Sisco grounded out to second. Mancini struck out swinging. Álvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. McCann singled to center. Jones singled to center, McCann to second. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop, McCann to third, Jones to second. Machado hit by pitch, McCann scored, Jones to third, Iglesias to second. Martín homered to right (390 feet), Jones, Iglesias and Machado scored. Candelario singled to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Candelario out at second. Castellanos flied out to right. Martínez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Machado homered to left (390 feet). Jones struck out swinging. Davis walked. Sardiñas walked, Davis to second. Beckham singled to left, Davis to third, Sardiñas to second. Bell pitching for Tigers. Santander grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beckham out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. McCann grounded out to third. Jones flied out to left. Iglesias lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Bell pitching for Tigers. Sisco singled to right. Mancini doubled to deep right, Sisco to third. Álvarez struck out swinging. Machado grounded out to shortstop, Sisco scored, Mancini to third. Jones hit ground rule double to deep center, Mancini scored. Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Wright Jr. pitching for Orioles. Machado grounded out to third. Martín flied out to left. Candelario walked. Araujo pitching for Orioles. Cabrera doubled to center, Candelario to third. Castellanos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Sardiñas flied out to left. Beckham singled to right. Santander lined into double play, to first, Beckham doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Araujo pitching for Orioles. Martínez doubled to deep center. Reyes ran for Martínez. McCann struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center. Iglesias doubled to left, Reyes scored. Machado flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Goodrum at first base. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Sisco popped out to third. Mancini struck out swinging. Álvarez singled to left. Machado doubled to deep right center, Álvarez scored. Machado to third on wild pitch by VerHagen. Jones doubled to deep center, Machado scored. Davis walked. Sardiñas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Tigers 13.	Martin slams helps Tigers send Orioles to 6th straight loss