Dodgers - Top 1st. Bundy pitching for Angels. Betts struck out looking. Seager grounded out to second. Turner flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Fletcher fouled out to first. Ohtani grounded out to third. Trout struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Bundy pitching for Angels. Muncy struck out swinging. Smith lined out to second. Taylor grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Upton flied out to left. Walsh grounded out to pitcher. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Bundy pitching for Angels. Beaty safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Fletcher. Lux flied out to center. Barnes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beaty out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Ward struck out swinging. Rojas struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Bundy pitching for Angels. Betts walked. Seager singled to right center, Betts to third. Turner struck out looking. Muncy singled to right center, Betts scored, Seager to third. Smith singled to right, Seager scored, Muncy to second. Taylor singled to left, Smith to second, Muncy to third. Beaty doubled to deep right, Muncy scored and Smith scored, Taylor to third. Cishek pitching for Angels. Lux intentionally walked. Barnes reached on infield single to second, Taylor scored, Lux to second, Beaty to third. Betts reached on infield single to first, Beaty scored and Lux scored, Barnes to third. Seager reached on infield single to third, Barnes scored, Betts to second. Turner popped out to first. Muncy walked, Seager to second, Betts to third. Smith grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at third. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Fletcher singled to left. Ohtani struck out swinging. Trout singled to right center, Fletcher to second. Upton grounded into double play, second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Fletcher at shortstop. Gosselin at third base. Rojas at second base. Peña pitching for Angels. Taylor walked. Beaty walked, Taylor to second. Lux flied out to left. Barnes grounded out to second, Beaty to second, Taylor to third. Betts singled to right center, Taylor scored and Beaty scored. Seager singled to center, Betts to third. Turner doubled to left, Betts scored, Seager to third. Muncy walked. Smith singled to right center, Seager scored and Turner scored, Muncy to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Peters in right field. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Walsh walked. Gosselin struck out swinging. Ward bunted into fielder's choice to first, Walsh out at second. Rojas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Jay in left field. Jay in left field. Claudio pitching for Angels. Beaty grounded out to first. Lux struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Neuse at third base. Santana pitching for Dodgers. Suzuki walked. Fletcher grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Ohtani singled to right, Suzuki to third. Jay reached on infield single to pitcher, Suzuki scored, Ohtani to second. Lagares walked, Jay to second, Ohtani to third. Walsh singled to center, Jay scored and Ohtani scored, Lagares to third. White pitching for Dodgers. Gosselin walked, Walsh to second. Ward hit sacrifice fly to left, Lagares scored. Rojas grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Mayers pitching for Angels. Peters doubled to left. Ruiz hit for Seager. Ruiz struck out swinging. Neuse flied out to center. Muncy singled to center, Peters scored. Smith grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Ruiz catching. Lux at shortstop. Barnes at second base. White pitching for Dodgers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Fletcher flied out to right. Ohtani safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Barnes. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop, Ohtani to second. Lagares doubled to right, Jay scored and Ohtani scored. Walsh singled to right center, Lagares scored. Gosselin singled to center, Walsh to second. Ward singled to center, Walsh scored, Gosselin to third. Cleavinger pitching for Dodgers. Rojas homered to right (433 feet), Gosselin scored and Ward scored. Suzuki struck out looking. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Taylor struck out swinging. Beaty singled to right. Lux reached on infield single to catcher, Beaty to second. Barnes flied out to left. Peters walked, Lux to second, Beaty to third. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. González pitching for Dodgers. Fletcher lined out to right. Ohtani grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Iglesias pitching for Angels. Neuse singled to center. Muncy fouled out to left, Neuse to second. Smith struck out looking. Neuse to third on wild pitch by Iglesias. Taylor walked. Taylor stole second. Beaty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Lagares struck out swinging. Walsh struck out swinging. Gosselin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 14 - Angels 11.	Dodgers blow most of 13-run lead, still outlast Angels 14-11