Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Rojas singled to shallow right. VanMeter popped out to shortstop. Rojas caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts homered to left center (379 feet). Muncy grounded out to first. Turner grounded out to second. Bellinger lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Reddick singled to left. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reddick safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Turner. Vogt struck out swinging. Varsho grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peralta out at second, Reddick to third. Kelly grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varsho out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith walked. Taylor grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Rojas walked. VanMeter struck out swinging. Escobar struck out swinging. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Lux flied out to left. Gonsolin grounded out to third. Betts singled to shallow left. Muncy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Peralta struck out swinging. Vogt homered to right center (389 feet). Varsho lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Turner grounded out to third. Bellinger struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Nunez pitching for Dodgers. Kelly struck out looking. Rojas hit ground rule double to deep right. VanMeter singled to left center, Rojas scored, VanMeter thrown out at second. Escobar grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Taylor lined out to third. Pollock doubled to right. Lux struck out swinging. Beaty hit for Nunez. Beaty grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Vesia pitching for Dodgers. Walker grounded out to third. Reddick flied out to left. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks. Betts lined out to center. Muncy doubled to right. Rojas in left field. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Ahmed at shortstop. Turner lined out to center, Muncy to third. Bellinger lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Alexander pitching for Dodgers. Vogt singled to right. Varsho homered to center (394 feet), Vogt scored. Ahmed grounded out to first. Rojas grounded out to second. VanMeter doubled to deep right center. Escobar intentionally walked. Bickford pitching for Dodgers. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to third, VanMeter out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Rojas at second base. Fairchild in left field. de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith struck out looking. Taylor singled to right center. Pollock grounded out to pitcher, Taylor to second. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols hit for Lux. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Muncy at second base. Taylor at shortstop. Pujols at first base. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Reddick struck out swinging. Calhoun hit for Mantiply. Calhoun grounded out to second. Vogt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. McKinstry hit for Treinen. McKinstry walked. Betts singled to right, McKinstry to second. Muncy singled to right center, Betts to second, McKinstry to third. Turner hit sacrifice fly, McKinstry scored, Turner to first on fielding error by right fielder Reddick, Muncy to second, Betts to third. Bellinger struck out swinging. Smith hit by pitch, Betts scored, Turner to second, Muncy to third. Taylor singled to right center, Muncy scored, Taylor to second, Smith thrown out at third, Turner to third. Pollock popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. McKinstry in left field. Varsho popped out to first. Ahmed flied out to right. Rojas singled to left center. Fairchild fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Bukauskas pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols singled to shallow center. Reks ran for Pujols. McKinstry sacrificed to first, Reks to second. Betts intentionally walked. Muncy homered to right (403 feet), Reks scored and Betts scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Dodgers 7.	Muncy hits 3-run walk-off HR, Dodgers beat Diamondbacks 7-4