Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Johnson grounded out to second . Escobar struck out looking . Bautista struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Trout struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to second . Hunter walked . Morales singled to center , Hunter to third . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Encarnacion walked . Lind grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Wells doubled to deep left . Aybar struck out swinging . Wilson singled to left , Wells scored . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out looking . Arencibia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Callaspo singled to right . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Callaspo out at second . Morales lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Johnson stole second . Escobar grounded out to second , Johnson to third . Bautista singled to center , Johnson scored . Encarnacion popped out to second . Lind struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick bunt grounded out to pitcher . Trumbo walked . Trumbo to second on wild pitch by Drabek . Trumbo to third on wild pitch by Drabek . Wells walked . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Lawrie singled to left . Lawrie caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson flied out to center . Trout homered to left center ( 399 feet ) . Callaspo walked . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Callaspo out at second . Morales safe at first on error by first baseman Lind , Hunter to second . Kendrick flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Arencibia walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar walked , Arencibia to second . Bautista flied out to left . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Wells walked . Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells to second . Wilson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Wells to third , Aybar to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Wells scored , Aybar to third . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Aybar scored , Wilson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Frasor . Hunter struck out swinging . Morales singled to shallow right , Wilson to third , Callaspo to second . Kendrick struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Lind homered to right center ( 410 feet ) . Lawrie doubled to deep center . Davis flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . Arencibia flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo singled to left . Wells flied out to left . Aybar bunt grounded out to catcher , Trumbo to second . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Vizquel at second base . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Trout doubled to left . Callaspo reached on bunt single to third , Trout to third . Hunter flied out to right . Perez pitching for Blue Jays . Morales singled to left center , Trout scored , Callaspo to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Callaspo to third , Morales safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Perez . Bourjos ran for Morales . Trumbo grounded into double play , second to first , Kendrick out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Lind walked . Lawrie struck out swinging . Thames hit for Davis . Thames struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 2 - Angels 6 .	With Pujols out , Wilson , Angels bump Blue Jays