Angels - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Trout struck out looking . Callaspo flied out to left . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Span grounded out to shortstop . Dozier struck out looking . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Morales singled to left . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morales out at second . Kendrick doubled to deep right . Wells popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Willingham doubled to deep left . Doumit walked . Valencia flied out to right . Komatsu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Doumit out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Aybar reached on bunt single to shortstop . Wilson grounded out to shortstop , Aybar to second . Trout doubled to deep left center , Aybar scored . Callaspo singled to left , Trout to third . Pujols singled to left , Trout scored , Callaspo to second . Morales grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Callaspo scored on throwing error by first baseman Mauer , Pujols safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Mauer . Hunter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morales out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Butera grounded out to shortstop . Carroll walked . Span grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Kendrick singled to center . Wells flied out to right . Aybar singled to left center , Kendrick to second . Wilson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Dozier batting . Mauer batting . Dozier grounded out to short .   Mauer grounded out to short .   Willingham grounded out to short . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Trout doubled to deep left center . Callaspo doubled to deep center , Trout scored . Burnett pitching for Twins . Pujols singled to right center , Callaspo scored , Pujols thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Morales struck out swinging . Hunter flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Doumit tripled to right . Valencia grounded out to shortstop , Doumit scored . Komatsu walked . Butera singled to center , Komatsu to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Butera out at second , Komatsu to third . Span grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Kendrick singled to right . Kendrick stole second . Wells popped out to second . Aybar flied out to left . Wilson reached on infield single to third , Kendrick to third . Trout reached on infield single to third , Kendrick scored , Wilson to second . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Trout out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Dozier popped out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . Willingham homered to left center ( 404 feet ) . Doumit grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Pujols batting . Morales popped out to second . Hunter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Valencia flied out to center . Komatsu flied out to center . Butera singled to left . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Kendrick flied out to right . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Aybar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Angels . Span singled to center . Dozier grounded out to third , Span to second . Frieri pitching for Angels . Mauer walked . Willingham struck out swinging . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Wilson flied out to right . Trout flied out to center . Callaspo walked . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Valencia flied out to right . Komatsu walked . Parmelee hit for Butera . Parmelee flied out to center . Komatsu to second on fielder 's indifference . Carroll grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 6 - Twins 2 .	Santana wins 1st with aid from Angels ' bats    \n\n