Yankees - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Jeter singled to left . Granderson singled to left , Jeter to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jeter scored on error by shortstop Aybar , Granderson safe at third on error by shortstop Aybar . Cano struck out swinging . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Teixeira walked , Rodriguez to second . Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to left , Granderson scored . Swisher safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Cassevah , Rodriguez scored , Teixeira to third . Chavez intentionally walked . Martin flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Trout reached on infield single to third . Izturis flied out to center . Pujols singled to left , Trout to third . Morales singled to center , Trout scored , Pujols to third . Trumbo hit ground rule double to deep right , Pujols scored , Morales to third . Kendrick singled to center , Morales and Trumbo scored . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . Bourjos grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson homered to right . ( 361 feet ) . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Cano grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Wilson singled to left . Trout flied out to right . Izturis flied out to center . Pujols singled to left center , Wilson to second . Morales flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Teixeira walked . Ibanez flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Chavez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Trumbo tripled to deep right center . Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to right , Trumbo scored . Aybar grounded out to first . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Jeter safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Granderson struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter to second . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Wilson struck out swinging . Trout homered to left center . ( 402 feet ) . Izturis flied out to left . Pujols struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Teixeira homered to left . ( 413 feet ) . Ibanez grounded out to first . Swisher grounded out to third . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Morales flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to left . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Martin flied out to right . Jeter walked . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter out at second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Bourjos reached on infield single to pitcher . Wilson sacrificed to first , Bourjos to second . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Trout flied out to left . Izturis reached on infield single to second , Bourjos to third . Pujols walked , Izturis to second . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Morales doubled to deep left center , Bourjos and Izturis scored , Pujols to third . Trumbo grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Cano doubled to deep center . Teixeira walked . Isringhausen pitching for Angels . Ibanez singled to deep right , Cano to third , Teixeira to second . Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left , Cano scored . Chavez grounded out to first , Teixeira to third , Ibanez to second . Martin doubled to left , Teixeira and Ibanez scored . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Kendrick grounded out to third . Aybar singled to right . Bourjos flied out to right , Aybar to second on error by right fielder Swisher . Wilson walked . Trout flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Walden pitching for Angels . Granderson struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Izturis flied out to center . Pujols struck out swinging . Logan pitching for Yankees . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Teixeira singled to right . Ibanez flied out to center . Swisher flied out to left . Chavez walked , Teixeira to second . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop , Teixeira to third , Chavez to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Wade pitching for Yankees . Trumbo homered to left . ( 410 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Angels 9 .	Trumbo HR wins wild one for Angels vs. Yanks