Angels - Top 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Trout grounded out to pitcher . Hunter grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Lawrie grounded out to second . Rasmus fouled out to third . Bautista walked . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Morales doubled to deep center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Callaspo lined out to first . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Johnson grounded out to first . Escobar singled to center . Davis flied out to center . Lind struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to third . Hester walked . Trout singled to center , Hester to third . Trout stole second . Hunter singled to shallow right , Hester scored , Trout to third . Pujols struck out swinging . Morales struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Arencibia popped out to second . Lawrie flied out to center . Rasmus lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo singled to shallow left . Callaspo grounded out to pitcher , Trumbo to second . Kendrick singled to shallow right , Trumbo to third . Aybar hit sacrifice fly to center , Trumbo scored . Kendrick caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hester batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Bautista doubled to right . Encarnacion singled to center , Bautista scored , Encarnacion to second advancing on throw . Johnson sacrificed to catcher , Encarnacion to third . Escobar singled to shallow left , Encarnacion scored . Davis doubled to deep left , Escobar to third . Lind homered to center ( 440 feet ) , Escobar and Davis scored . Arencibia flied out to center . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Hester struck out looking . Trout struck out swinging . Hunter singled to shallow left . Pujols doubled to left , Hunter scored . Morales grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Rasmus grounded out to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion hit by pitch . Encarnacion stole second . Johnson walked . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Callaspo , Encarnacion advanced to third on Callaspo error , Johnson to second , Encarnacion tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 6th . Richmond pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo grounded out to second . Kendrick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Davis singled to center . Davis stole second . Davis stole third . Lind walked . Carpenter pitching for Angels . Arencibia struck out swinging . Lawrie lined into double play , third to first , Lind doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Richmond pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar singled to right center . Hester homered to left ( 374 feet ) , Aybar scored . Trout struck out swinging . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop . Cordero pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols singled to right center , Hunter to third . Morales grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Walden pitching for Angels . Rasmus struck out swinging . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left . Encarnacion stole second . Johnson walked . Escobar hit ground rule double to right , Encarnacion scored , Johnson to third . Davis flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo singled to shallow left . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Lind homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Arencibia doubled to shallow left . Lawrie grounded out to third . Rasmus struck out swinging . Bautista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Aybar grounded out to second . Izturis hit for Hester . Izturis struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Blue Jays 7 .	Lind homers twice , helps Blue Jays edge Angels