Mariners - Top 1st . Haren pitching for Angels . Ackley lined out to center . Saunders grounded out to second . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Trout grounded out to third . Hunter grounded out to second . Pujols lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Haren pitching for Angels . Jaso popped out to second . Carp walked . Thames flied out to left . Olivo singled to shallow right , Carp to third . Robinson singled to right , Carp scored , Olivo to second . Ryan walked , Olivo to third , Robinson to second . Ackley singled to right , Olivo and Robinson scored , Ryan to third . Saunders grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Morales struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to first . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Haren pitching for Angels . Seager flied out to left . Jaso homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Carp fouled out to second . Thames popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Aybar lined out to first . Wells singled to center . Iannetta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Haren pitching for Angels . Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop , Olivo to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar . Olivo to third on wild pitch by Haren . Robinson walked . Robinson stole second . Ryan hit sacrifice fly to center , Olivo scored , Robinson to third . Ackley safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols , Robinson scored . Williams pitching for Angels . Saunders flied out to left . Seager singled to left , Ackley to second . Jaso singled to center , Ackley scored , Seager to third , Jaso to second on throwing error by center fielder Trout . Carp grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Trout flied out to right . Hunter singled to center . Pujols grounded out to third , Hunter to second . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Angels . Thames flied out to left . Olivo struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Callaspo walked . Kendrick grounded out to third , Callaspo to second . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo out at third . Wells singled to center , Aybar scored . Iannetta popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Angels . Ryan flied out to center . Ackley grounded out to shortstop . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Trout singled to left . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Trout out at second . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Angels . Seager grounded out to first . Jaso grounded out to second . Carp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Morales lined out to center . Callaspo struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Angels . Thames singled to center . Olivo flied into double play , center to first , Thames doubled off first . Robinson reached on infield single to third . Ryan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Aybar singled to right . Wells homered to left ( 370 feet ) , Aybar scored . Pryor pitching for Mariners . Iannetta struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . Hunter singled to left . Hunter to second on wild pitch by Pryor . Pujols flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Williams pitching for Angels . Ackley reached on infield single to second . Saunders grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Ackley out at second . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Morales homered to right ( 420 feet ) . Callaspo grounded out to second . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Aybar struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Angels 4 .	M 's end 5 - game skid with win against Angels