Angels - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Trout doubled to deep center . Hunter struck out swinging . Pujols doubled to deep center , Trout scored . Morales grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Callaspo walked . Trumbo singled to center , Pujols scored , Callaspo to second . Kendrick singled to left , Callaspo scored , Trumbo to second , Trumbo to third , Kendrick to second on throwing error by left fielder Robinson . Izturis flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ackley grounded out to second . Wells homered to left ( 368 feet ) . Seager struck out swinging . Montero lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Iannetta grounded out to third . Trout singled to right , Trout out stretching at second . Hunter singled to center . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Smoak struck out swinging . Saunders grounded out to shortstop . Olivo singled to right . Robinson walked , Olivo to second . Ryan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Morales grounded out to second . Callaspo grounded out to second . Trumbo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Ackley reached on infield single to second . Wells flied out to right . Seager struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick walked . Kendrick picked off first . Izturis singled to right . Iannetta walked , Izturis to second . Trout singled to center , Izturis scored , Iannetta to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Smoak walked . Saunders flied out to right . Olivo doubled to right , Smoak to third . Robinson lined out to right . Ryan walked . Ackley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Morales struck out swinging . Callaspo struck out looking . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Wells struck out looking . Seager walked . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Seager out at second . Smoak walked , Montero to second . Saunders grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smoak out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick singled to left center . Izturis singled to right , Kendrick to third . Iannetta lined out to shortstop . Trout tripled to deep left center , Kendrick and Izturis scored . Hunter singled to left , Trout scored . Kinney pitching for Mariners . Pujols singled to left , Hunter to second . Morales struck out swinging . Callaspo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Olivo struck out swinging . Robinson safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick . Ryan grounded out to second , Robinson to second . Ackley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 7th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to center . Izturis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Trout in left field . Bourjos in center field . Trumbo in right field . Wilson pitching for Angels . Wells hit ground rule double to deep left center . Seager grounded out to third . Montero singled to shallow left center , Wells to third . Richards pitching for Angels . Smoak doubled to left , Wells scored , Montero to third . Richards pitching for Angels . Smoak doubled to left , Wells scored , Montero to third . Richards pitching for Angels . Smoak doubled to left , Wells scored , Montero to third . Saunders flied out to center . Olivo safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick , Montero scored , Smoak to third . Robinson singled to left , Smoak scored , Olivo to second . Thames hit for Ryan . Maronde pitching for Angels . Triunfel hit for Thames . Triunfel lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 8th . Triunfel at shortstop . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Iannetta struck out swinging . Trout grounded out to third . Bourjos walked . Bourjos to second on balk by Noesi . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Maronde pitching for Angels . Ackley singled to left center . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Wells struck out swinging . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ackley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Noesi pitching for Mariners . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo grounded out to second . Trumbo singled to right . Calhoun ran for Trumbo . Kendrick doubled to deep right center , Calhoun scored , Kendrick to third on throwing error by shortstop Triunfel . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Calhoun in right field . Frieri pitching for Angels . Montero flied out to left . Smoak flied out to right . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Mariners 4 .	Trout powers Angels win , but LA out of playoffs