Indians - Top 1st. Holland pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Lindor grounded out to third. Guyer popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Anderson doubled to deep center. Saladino singled to shallow left center, Anderson to third. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Anderson scored. Abreu singled to right, Saladino to second, Saladino scored, Abreu to third on error by right fielder Almonte. Frazier walked. García struck out swinging. García singled to center, Abreu scored, Frazier to second. Narváez walked, Frazier to third, García to second. May struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Encarnación grounded out to second. Ramírez singled to left center. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out swinging. Saladino struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Almonte struck out swinging. Pérez walked. Martínez struck out looking. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Abreu singled to left center. Frazier flied out to left. García grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Lindor homered to left (391 feet). Guyer flied out to right. Encarnación struck out looking. Ramírez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. García struck out looking. Narváez singled to right. May struck out swinging. Anderson walked, Narváez to second. Saladino struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Jackson doubled to deep left. Almonte walked. Jackson to third, Almonte to second on wild pitch by Holland. Pérez struck out looking. Martínez struck out swinging. Santana walked. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Cabrera lined out to center. Abreu hit by pitch. Frazier struck out swinging. García doubled to deep center, Abreu scored, García to third advancing on throw. García fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Holland pitching for White Sox. Guyer lined out to right. Encarnación hit by pitch. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Encarnación out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Logan pitching for Indians. Narváez walked. May sacrificed to catcher, Narváez to second, May safe at first on error by second baseman Martínez. Goody pitching for Indians. Anderson struck out swinging. Saladino struck out looking. Cabrera singled to shallow left, Narváez scored, May to third, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Abreu fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 7th. Jones pitching for White Sox. Jackson singled to right. Almonte struck out looking. Pérez flied out to left. Martínez walked, Jackson to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Otero pitching for Indians. Frazier singled to center. Frazier stole second. García struck out looking. García grounded out to second, Frazier to third. Narváez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Lindor singled to right. Guyer grounded out to second, Lindor to second. Encarnación struck out looking. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Shaw pitching for Indians. May walked. Anderson singled to left, May to second. Saladino struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu safe at first on error by first baseman Santana, May scored, Anderson to third. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for White Sox. Chisenhall hit for Jackson. Chisenhall doubled to left. Almonte flied out to center, Chisenhall to third. Kipnis hit for Pérez. Kipnis walked. Gomes hit for Martínez. Gomes popped out to first. Kipnis to second on fielder's indifference. Chisenhall scored, Kipnis to third on wild pitch by Robertson. Santana struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - White Sox 6.	Cabrera, Holland lead White Sox to 6-2 win over Indians