Mariners - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Segura lined out to left. Gamel grounded out to second. Canó grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. De Jong pitching for Mariners. Santana flied out to right. Lindor homered to right (374 feet). Brantley lined out to right. Encarnación walked. Ramírez singled to right, Encarnación to second. Kipnis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Cruz homered to left (387 feet). Seager grounded out to second. Heredia singled to center. Vogelbach grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Heredia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. De Jong pitching for Mariners. Chisenhall flied out to right. Almonte reached on infield single to first. Almonte caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pérez singled to center. Santana doubled to deep right, Pérez to third. Lindor grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Ruiz singled to center. Powell grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ruiz out at second. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. De Jong pitching for Mariners. Brantley singled to right. Encarnación struck out looking. Ramírez walked, Brantley to second. Kipnis singled to right, Brantley scored, Ramírez to third. Kipnis stole second. Chisenhall hit sacrifice fly to second, Ramírez scored. Almonte tripled to deep right, Kipnis scored. Pérez reached on infield single to shortstop, Almonte scored. Fien pitching for Mariners. Santana walked, Pérez to second. Lindor doubled to deep right, Pérez and Santana scored. Brantley homered to right (411 feet), Lindor scored. Encarnación struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Gamel lined out to center. Canó struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Overton pitching for Mariners. Ramírez popped out to second. Kipnis flied out to center. Chisenhall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Seager struck out swinging. Heredia doubled to left. Vogelbach walked. Ruiz lined out to right. Powell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Overton pitching for Mariners. Almonte struck out looking. Pérez flied out to center. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Segura doubled to left. Gamel singled to right center, Segura to third. Canó singled to shallow left, Segura scored, Gamel to third. Cruz singled to center, Gamel scored, Canó to second. Logan pitching for Indians. Seager singled to center, Canó scored, Cruz to second. Heredia singled to center, Cruz to third, Seager to second. Goody pitching for Indians. Motter hit for Vogelbach. Motter struck out swinging. Ruiz lined into double play, shortstop to second, Seager doubled off second. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Motter at first base. Overton pitching for Mariners. Lindor flied out to center. Brantley struck out swinging. Encarnación flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Goody pitching for Indians. Powell popped out to second. Segura fouled out to first. Gamel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Overton pitching for Mariners. Ramírez flied out to left. Kipnis safe at first on error by first baseman Motter. Chisenhall singled to left, Kipnis to second. Almonte singled to shallow right center, Kipnis scored, Chisenhall to third. Pérez doubled to deep right center, Chisenhall and Almonte scored. Santana flied out to right. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Martínez at shortstop. Guyer in left field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Canó grounded out to shortstop. Cruz walked. Dyson ran for Cruz. Seager grounded into double play, second to third to first, Dyson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Valencia at first base. Motter at second base. Overton pitching for Mariners. Guyer singled to left. Encarnación grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guyer out at second. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Heredia flied out to center. Motter struck out swinging. Ruiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Indians 12.	Brantley, Lindor spark 8-run 3rd as Indians rout Mariners