Athletics - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Joyce popped out to second. Canha struck out swinging. Healy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Kipnis lined out to center. Lindor grounded out to first. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. Pinder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Santana walked. Ramírez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. Zimmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Phegley grounded out to second. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis stole second. Rosales grounded out to shortstop, Davis to third. Joyce walked. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Robertson doubled to left. Robertson to third on passed ball by Phegley. Robertson scored on Cotton's wild pitch. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. González struck out looking. Kipnis walked. Lindor flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Healy grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Brantley struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. Ramírez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Pinder grounded out to shortstop. Phegley struck out swinging. Davis popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Zimmer singled to center. Robertson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zimmer out at second. Pérez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Rosales singled to shallow center. Joyce struck out swinging. Rosales caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Canha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Cotton pitching for Athletics. González singled to center. Kipnis walked, González to second. Lindor sacrificed to catcher, González to third, Kipnis to second, Lindor safe at first on error by third baseman Healy. González to third on error by third baseman Healy. Brantley walked, González scored, Kipnis to third, Lindor to second. Santana singled to left, Kipnis scored, Lindor to third, Brantley to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Lindor out at home, Brantley to third, Santana to second. Zimmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana scored, Brantley out at home, Ramírez to third. Zimmer to second on passed ball by Phegley. Robertson safe at first on error by third baseman Healy, Ramírez scored. Axford pitching for Athletics. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robertson out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Healy struck out looking. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Axford pitching for Athletics. González reached on infield single to first. Kipnis walked, González to second. Lindor singled to left, González scored, Kipnis to second. Brantley singled to left, Kipnis scored, Lindor to second, Lindor scored, Brantley to third on error by left fielder Canha. Smith pitching for Athletics. Santana flied out to left. Ramírez grounded out to second. Zimmer struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Jackson in right field. Robertson in left field. Goody pitching for Indians. Pinder struck out swinging. Phegley struck out swinging. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Robertson flied out to right. Pérez struck out swinging. González singled to left center. Kipnis doubled to left, González to third. Lindor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Rosales singled to left. Joyce grounded out to first, Rosales to second. Canha struck out swinging. Healy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 0 - Indians 8.	Kluber shines in return from DL as Indians blank A's 8-0