Indians - Top 1st. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor grounded out to shortstop. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Blackmon struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to first. Arenado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Jackson singled to right. Zimmer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. González grounded out to first. Reynolds walked. Desmond grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Pérez grounded out to second. Bauer struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Story singled to center. Hanigan walked, Story to second. Freeland bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Story out at third, Hanigan to second. Blackmon walked, Hanigan to third, Freeland to second. LeMahieu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hanigan out at home, Freeland to third, Blackmon to second. Arenado doubled to deep right center, Freeland and Blackmon scored, LeMahieu to third. González walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Lindor doubled to shallow left. Brantley lined out to center, Lindor out at third. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Desmond singled to right. Story walked, Desmond to second. Hanigan struck out swinging. Freeland reached on infield single to shortstop, Desmond to third, Story to second. Blackmon doubled to shallow right, Desmond and Story scored, Freeland to third. Goody pitching for Indians. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. Arenado lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Ramírez grounded out to second. Jackson grounded out to second. Zimmer lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Goody pitching for Indians. González struck out looking. Reynolds walked. Shaw pitching for Indians. Desmond reached on infield single to second, Reynolds to second. Reynolds to third, Desmond to second on passed ball by Pérez. Story intentionally walked. Hanigan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Story out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Pérez flied out to center. Robertson hit for Shaw. Robertson doubled to center. Kipnis popped out to second. Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop, Robertson to third. Brantley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Crockett pitching for Indians. Freeland struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to shallow center. McAllister pitching for Indians. LeMahieu flied out to center, Blackmon to second. Arenado tripled to deep center, Blackmon scored. Miller pitching for Indians. González grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Freeland pitching for Rockies. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez homered to center (440 feet). Jackson singled to left. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Zimmer reached on bunt single to third, Jackson to second. Pérez grounded out to second, Jackson to third, Zimmer to second. Encarnación hit for Miller. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Allen pitching for Indians. Reynolds doubled to deep right. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds out at third. Story grounded into fielder's choice to second, Desmond safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis. Desmond stole third. Story stole second. Hanigan walked. Tapia hit for Rusin. Desmond scored, Story to third, Hanigan to second on wild pitch by Allen. Tapia grounded out to second, Story scored. Hanigan to third on wild pitch by Allen. Blackmon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. McGee pitching for Rockies. Kipnis grounded out to first. Lindor lined out to center. Brantley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Indians. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Arenado singled to center. González lined out to center. Reynolds walked, Arenado to second. Desmond singled to center, Arenado scored, Reynolds to second. Story struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Rockies. Santana grounded out to second. Ramírez struck out swinging. Jackson walked. Jackson to second on fielder's indifference. Zimmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Rockies 8.	Freeland helps Rockies beat Indians 8-1 for 4th straight win