White Sox - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García grounded out to second. Cabrera lined out to left. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Robertson struck out swinging. Lindor struck out looking. Brantley fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García flied out to right. Frazier singled to right, Frazier to second on throwing error by right fielder Robertson. Sánchez reached on infield single to shortstop, Frazier to third. Anderson struck out swinging. Narváez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Santana grounded out to third. Encarnación doubled to deep center. Ramírez flied out to center, Encarnación to third. Jackson walked. Pérez singled to center, Encarnación scored, Jackson to second. González grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Davidson fouled out to first. García singled to left. Cabrera walked, García to second. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Robertson reached on infield single to shortstop. Lindor out on batter's interference to catcher. Lindor batting. Brantley grounded out to shortstop, Robertson to second. Santana grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. García grounded out to shortstop. Frazier singled to center. Sánchez flied out to center. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Encarnación walked. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Encarnación out at second. Jackson singled to center, Ramírez to second. Pérez lined out to center, Ramírez to third. Ramírez scored, Jackson to second on wild pitch by Quintana. González singled to center, Jackson scored. González to second on wild pitch by Quintana. Robertson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Narváez grounded out to second. Davidson struck out swinging. García singled to right. García caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. García in center field. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Lindor lined out to left. Brantley grounded out to second. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu hit by pitch. García doubled to deep left, Abreu to third. Frazier doubled to deep left center, Abreu and García scored. Miller pitching for Indians. Sánchez struck out looking. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez popped out to second. Zimmer hit for Jackson. Zimmer walked. Zimmer stole second, Zimmer safe at third on throwing error by catcher Narváez. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Zimmer in center field. Smith hit for Narváez. Miller pitching for Indians. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Davidson struck out swinging. García fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Smith catching. Beck pitching for White Sox. González doubled to deep right, González to third on throwing error by right fielder García. Chisenhall hit for Robertson. Chisenhall flied out to center. Kahnle pitching for White Sox. Lindor doubled to deep left center, González scored. Lindor to third on wild pitch by Kahnle. Brantley struck out swinging. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 8th. Chisenhall in right field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Cabrera walked. Abreu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Infante pitching for White Sox. Encarnación flied out to right. Ramírez flied out to left. Zimmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Frazier struck out looking. Sánchez singled to right center. Anderson struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Indians 4.	Carrasco, bullpen lead Indians past White Sox 4-2