Dodgers - Top 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Taylor walked. Seager struck out looking. Turner flied out to right. Bellinger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Lindor singled to center. Robertson singled to center, Lindor to third. Ramírez singled to center, Lindor scored, Robertson to third, Ramírez to second advancing on throw. Encarnación hit by pitch. Santana lined out to third. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robertson out at home, Ramírez to third, Encarnación to second. Pérez walked, Ramírez scored, Encarnación to third, Jackson to second. Zimmer reached on infield single to first, Encarnación scored, Jackson to third, Pérez to second. González struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Hernández struck out swinging. Barnes grounded out to third. Forsythe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Lindor lined out to right. Robertson singled to left. Ramírez doubled to right center, Robertson scored. Ramírez caught stealing third, catcher to third. Encarnación homered to left (395 feet). Santana flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pederson grounded out to first. Puig grounded out to shortstop. Taylor reached on bunt single to pitcher. Seager singled to shallow center, Taylor to second. Turner lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Jackson struck out looking. Pérez struck out looking. Zimmer hit by pitch. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Bellinger homered to right (351 feet). Hernández struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to right. Forsythe struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Lindor fouled out to third. Robertson flied out to center. Ramírez fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Pederson doubled to deep left center. Puig doubled to deep left, Pederson scored. Taylor homered to center (402 feet), Puig scored. Seager struck out looking. Turner struck out swinging. Bellinger walked. Hernández grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hill pitching for Dodgers. Encarnación walked. Santana singled to center, Encarnación to second. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Chisenhall hit for Jackson. Chisenhall homered to right (409 feet), Encarnación and Santana scored. Pérez struck out swinging. Zimmer struck out swinging. González grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Chisenhall in right field. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Barnes doubled to center. Goody pitching for Indians. Forsythe walked. Pederson lined into double play, center to second, Barnes doubled off second. Puig singled to left, Forsythe to second. Forsythe to third, Puig to second on passed ball by Pérez. Taylor lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Lindor grounded out to second. Robertson lined out to center. Ramírez singled to center. Encarnación singled to left center, Ramírez to third. Santana walked, Encarnación to second. Chisenhall singled to right, Ramírez and Encarnación scored, Santana to third. Pérez singled to shallow center, Santana scored, Chisenhall to third. Dayton pitching for Dodgers. Zimmer flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Crockett pitching for Indians. Gutierrez hit for Seager. Gutierrez walked. Turner hit by pitch, Gutierrez to second. Bellinger flied out to center, Gutierrez to third. Shaw pitching for Indians. Utley hit for Hernández. Utley grounded out to shortstop, Gutierrez scored, Turner to second. Barnes struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Taylor at shortstop. Gutierrez in left field. Utley at second base. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. González homered to left (385 feet). Lindor struck out swinging. Robertson struck out looking. Ramírez lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Forsythe struck out swinging. Pederson lined out to left. Puig grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Encarnación singled to left center. Santana popped out to first. Chisenhall flied out to left. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Taylor struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Turner singled to center. Bellinger fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Indians 12.	Chisenhall homers, drives in 5 as Indians rout Dodgers 12-5