Red Sox - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Núñez singled to left. Betts struck out swinging. Benintendi struck out looking. Núñez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Lindor flied out to right. Jackson struck out looking. Ramírez singled to shallow center. Ramírez stole second. Encarnación flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Ramírez struck out looking. Devers grounded out to first. Bogaerts popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Bruce singled to left. Guyer singled to center, Bruce to second. Díaz walked, Bruce to third, Guyer to second. Pérez singled to center, Bruce scored, Guyer to third, Díaz to second. Urshela grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guyer scored, Pérez out at second, Díaz to third. Lindor singled to left, Díaz scored, Urshela to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Urshela scored on throwing error by third baseman Devers, Lindor safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Devers. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jackson out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Moreland homered to right center (439 feet). León walked. Holt struck out swinging. Núñez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, León out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Sale pitching for Red Sox. Encarnación walked. Bruce struck out swinging. Guyer walked, Encarnación to second. Díaz doubled to deep right, Encarnación scored, Guyer to third. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Urshela singled to center, Guyer and Díaz scored. Lindor struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Betts doubled to deep left center. Benintendi struck out looking. Ramírez grounded out to third, Betts to third. Devers walked. Bogaerts tripled to deep left, Betts and Devers scored. Moreland singled to right, Bogaerts scored. León struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Jackson struck out swinging. Ramírez lined out to first. Encarnación walked. Bruce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Holt walked. Núñez struck out looking. Betts struck out swinging. Benintendi singled to deep right, Holt to third. Ramírez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hembree pitching for Red Sox. Guyer struck out swinging. Díaz singled to center. Díaz to third on runner's fielder's choice. Pérez walked, Díaz to second, Díaz to third on throwing error by catcher León. Urshela singled to left, Díaz scored, Pérez to second. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Lindor singled to center, Pérez to third, Urshela to second. Jackson struck out looking. Ramírez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 6th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Devers popped out to shortstop. Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop. Olson pitching for Indians. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bogaerts out at second. León lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Workman pitching for Red Sox. Encarnación struck out swinging. Bruce homered to center (402 feet). Guyer flied out to center. Díaz tripled to deep right. Pérez doubled to deep center, Díaz scored. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Urshela popped out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Zimmer in center field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Holt walked. Núñez singled to center, Holt to second. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Núñez out at second, Holt to third. Benintendi struck out swinging. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Boyer pitching for Red Sox. Lindor homered to right center (403 feet). Zimmer singled to center. Ramírez doubled to deep right, Zimmer to third. Encarnación walked. Davis in left field. Holt in right field. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Bruce struck out looking. Guyer hit sacrifice fly to left, Zimmer scored. Díaz doubled to deep right, Ramírez scored. Díaz out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. González at shortstop. Goody pitching for Indians. Devers struck out swinging. Bogaerts walked. Moreland homered to right center (423 feet), Bogaerts scored. León struck out looking. Holt lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Abad pitching for Red Sox. Pérez singled to right. Urshela grounded out to catcher, Pérez to second. González struck out swinging. Zimmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Otero pitching for Indians. Núñez grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. Benintendi flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Indians 13.	Indians batter Sale, Red Sox 13-6 as 1st-place teams meet