Giants - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Astros. Rowand singled to left. Renteria singled to left, Rowand to second. Sandoval grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Renteria out at second, Rowand to third. Huff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Astros. DeRosa singled to center. Bowker homered to right center (430 ft.), DeRosa scored. Uribe flied out to center. Whiteside singled to center. Cain sacrificed to catcher, Whiteside to second. Rowand flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Lee fouled out to catcher. Blum grounded out to first. Feliz doubled to left. Keppinger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Astros. Renteria singled to center. Sandoval singled to left, Renteria to second. Huff reached on infield single to pitcher, Renteria to third, Sandoval to second. DeRosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Renteria scored, Huff out at second, Sandoval to third. Bowker lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Towles grounded out to pitcher. Myers singled to right. Bourn flied out to center. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Myers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Astros. Uribe struck out swinging. Whiteside flied out to left. Cain struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Pence safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Lee struck out swinging. Blum grounded out to second, Pence to third. Feliz doubled to deep left, Pence scored. Keppinger struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Astros. Rowand grounded out to third. Renteria singled to left. Sandoval doubled to deep left, Renteria to third. Huff grounded out to second. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Towles flied out to right. Myers struck out swinging. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Astros. Bowker grounded out to second. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Whiteside walked. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Matsui struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Lee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Myers pitching for Astros. Rowand tripled to deep right center. Renteria singled to center, Rowand scored. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Renteria out at second. Huff popped out to second. DeRosa walked, Sandoval to second. Bowker grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeRosa out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Cain pitching for Giants. Blum singled to center. Feliz flied out to right. Keppinger singled to right, Blum to second. Towles struck out swinging. Sullivan tripled to deep center, Blum and Keppinger scored. Bourn reached on infield single to second, Sullivan scored. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bourn out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Gervacio pitching for Astros. Uribe doubled to deep left center. Whiteside sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Uribe to third, Whiteside to first, Uribe scored, Whiteside to third on throwing error by pitcher Gervacio. Velez grounded out to pitcher. Rowand singled to right center, Whiteside scored. Rowand to second on wild pitch by Gervacio. Renteria walked. Sampson pitching for Astros. Sandoval flied out to left. Huff flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 8th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Pence struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Blum popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Ishikawa homered to right (348 ft.). Schierholtz singled to right. Uribe doubled to deep center, Schierholtz scored. Whiteside grounded out to first, Uribe to third. Velez walked. Rowand singled to left, Uribe scored, Velez to third. Renteria singled to left, Velez scored, Rowand to second. Sandoval flied out to left. Huff grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Mota pitching for Giants. Feliz grounded out to pitcher. Keppinger grounded out to pitcher. Towles lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 10 - Astros 4.	Renteria, Giants finish sweep