Braves - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. McLouth grounded out to second. Prado singled to right. McCann walked, Prado to second. Glaus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Rowand singled to center. Rowand caught stealing second, catcher to second. Renteria struck out swinging. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Escobar popped out to second. Heyward reached on infield single to second. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Heyward safe at second on error by third baseman Sandoval. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Diaz out at second, Heyward to third. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Huff grounded out to third. DeRosa walked. Bowker doubled to right, DeRosa to third. Uribe intentionally walked. Whiteside struck out looking. Wellemeyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. McLouth struck out looking. Prado struck out looking. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Rowand grounded out to second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Escobar doubled to shallow left. Heyward walked. Diaz struck out swinging. Infante reached on infield single to first, Escobar to third, Heyward to second. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Huff walked. DeRosa walked, Huff to second. Bowker grounded into fielder's choice to first, DeRosa out at second, Huff to third. Uribe singled to right, Huff scored, Bowker to third. Uribe caught stealing second, catcher to second. Whiteside struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. McLouth flied out to center. Prado singled to right center. McCann grounded out to first, Prado to second. Glaus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Wellemeyer grounded out to pitcher. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Renteria flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Escobar popped out to shortstop. Heyward homered to left (372 feet). Diaz flied out to left. Infante flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Sandoval reached on infield single to second. Huff walked, Sandoval to second. DeRosa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huff out at second, Sandoval to third. Bowker intentionally walked. Uribe walked, Bowker to second. Whiteside grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Cabrera singled to left center. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer. McLouth walked. Prado sacrificed to first, Cabrera to third, McLouth to second. McCann intentionally walked. Glaus hit by pitch, Cabrera scored, McLouth to third, McCann to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McLouth scored, Glaus out at second, McCann to third. Heyward singled to left, McCann scored, Escobar to second. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heyward out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Schierholtz grounded out to second. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Joaquin pitching for Giants. Infante safe at first on error by first baseman Huff. Infante stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. McLouth walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, McLouth out at second, Infante to third. Infante scored, Prado to second on wild pitch by Joaquin. McCann grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Saito pitching for Braves. Sandoval walked. Huff struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out swinging, Sandoval stole second. Bowker popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Joaquin pitching for Giants. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Heyward walked. Hinske doubled to deep right, Heyward scored. Hinske to third on balk by Joaquin. Infante singled to left, Hinske scored. Infante to second on wild pitch by Mota. Infante to third on wild pitch by Mota. Cabrera flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Chavez pitching for Braves. Uribe walked. Velez singled to right, Uribe to second. Ishikawa flied out to left. Rowand singled to center, Uribe scored, Velez to second. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rowand out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 7 - Giants 2.	Braves' Heyward helps hand Giants first loss