Phillies - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Victorino flied out to left. Polanco struck out swinging. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Torres struck out looking. Renteria walked. Renteria stole second. Sandoval grounded out to second, Renteria to third. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Howard struck out swinging. Werth struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. DeRosa grounded out to first. Molina walked. Downs struck out swinging. Schierholtz singled to center, Molina to second. Lincecum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Hamels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Torres popped out to second. Renteria grounded out to third. Sandoval doubled to right. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Victorino struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right. Utley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. DeRosa singled to right. Molina struck out swinging. DeRosa caught stealing second, catcher to second. Downs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Howard homered to left (404 feet). Werth struck out swinging. Ibanez grounded out to second. Castro lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Schierholtz singled to center. Lincecum sacrificed to first, Schierholtz to second. Torres doubled to left, Schierholtz scored. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Sandoval popped out to first. Huff struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Hamels struck out looking. Victorino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. DeRosa struck out swinging. Molina singled to center. Downs doubled to deep center, Molina to third. Schierholtz intentionally walked. Lincecum struck out looking. Torres walked, Molina scored, Downs to third, Schierholtz to second. Renteria singled to right, Downs and Schierholtz scored, Torres to third. Sandoval flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Polanco grounded out to second. Utley struck out swinging. Howard doubled to deep right. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Huff lined out to center. DeRosa grounded out to second. Molina singled to center. Downs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Ibanez struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to third. Gload lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Schierholtz singled to center. Lincecum sacrificed to first, Schierholtz to second. Torres struck out swinging. Renteria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Dobbs grounded out to first. Victorino walked. Polanco flied out to center. Utley singled to right, Victorino to third. Utley to second on fielder's indifference. Howard walked. Werth doubled to deep right, Victorino, Utley and Howard scored. Ibanez intentionally walked. Castro popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Sandoval singled to left. Ishikawa struck out looking. DeRosa grounded out to third, Sandoval to second. Molina intentionally walked. Downs grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sandoval out at third, Molina to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 10th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Schneider hit by pitch. Valdez sacrificed to pitcher, Schneider to second. Victorino singled to center, Schneider to third. Schneider scored, Victorino to second on wild pitch by Affeldt. Polanco hit by pitch. Utley walked, Victorino to third, Polanco to second. Howard struck out swinging. Werth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 10th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Schierholtz doubled to right. Velez grounded out to second, Schierholtz to third. Torres singled to right center, Schierholtz scored. Torres stole second. Renteria grounded out to second, Torres to third. Sandoval intentionally walked. Sandoval to second on fielder's indifference. Ishikawa grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 11th. Romo pitching for Giants. Ibanez singled to right. Francisco sacrificed to pitcher, Ibanez to second. Schneider struck out swinging. Valdez doubled to deep left, Ibanez scored. Victorino safe at second on error by left fielder Velez, Valdez scored. Polanco flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 11th. Figueroa pitching for Phillies. DeRosa flied out to right. Molina singled to center. Uribe reached on infield single to first, Whiteside to second, Whiteside to third on throwing error by first baseman Howard. Schierholtz doubled to deep right, Whiteside scored, Uribe to third. Velez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Uribe out at home. Torres grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 7 - Giants 6.	Phillies rally, hold off Lincecum, Giants in 11