Nationals - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Maxwell popped out to first. Guzman flied out to left. Dunn homered to right (354 feet). Zimmerman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Torres grounded out to second. Sanchez singled to right. Sandoval lined out to left. Huff singled to center, Sanchez to third. Uribe singled to left, Sanchez scored, Huff to second. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Uribe out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Willingham homered to left (407 feet). Desmond grounded out to third. Gonzalez doubled to left. Maldonado walked. Stammen sacrificed to pitcher, Gonzalez to third, Maldonado to second. Maxwell safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval, Gonzalez scored, Maldonado to third. Maxwell stole second. Guzman grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Bowker grounded out to first. Whiteside popped out to shortstop. Zito grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Dunn struck out swinging. Zimmerman walked. Willingham popped out to first. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Torres grounded out to second. Sanchez walked. Sandoval grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center. Maldonado struck out looking. Stammen sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Maxwell walked. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maxwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Huff homered to right (409 feet). Uribe singled to left. Rowand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Uribe out at second. Bowker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Dunn grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third. Willingham singled to right, Zimmerman to second. Desmond grounded into double play, third to second to first, Willingham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Whiteside fouled out to catcher. Zito walked. Torres lined out to left. Sanchez walked, Zito to second. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Giants. Gonzalez flied out to center. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Stammen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Huff grounded out to first. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Giants. Maxwell walked. Guzman flied out to center. Dunn doubled to right, Maxwell to third. Zimmerman intentionally walked. Casilla pitching for Giants. Willingham hit sacrifice fly to center, Maxwell scored. Desmond struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Maxwell in right field. Morgan in center field. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Bowker safe at first on error by first baseman Dunn. Molina hit for Whiteside. Bowker to second on passed ball by Maldonado. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Bowker to third. Schierholtz hit for Casilla. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Schierholtz singled to center, Bowker scored. Torres doubled to right, Schierholtz to third. Walker pitching for Nationals. Sanchez singled to left, Schierholtz and Torres scored. Sanchez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Sandoval struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Torres in left field. Mota pitching for Giants. Molina catching. Schierholtz in right field. Kennedy hit for Gonzalez. Kennedy singled to center. Harris hit for Maldonado. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kennedy out at second. Bernadina hit for Walker. Bernadina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Kennedy at second base. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Nieves catching. Huff singled to center. Uribe grounded out to third, Huff to second. Rowand flied out to right. Rohlinger hit for Mota. Huff to third on wild pitch by Slaten. Rohlinger walked. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Maxwell struck out looking. Morgan grounded out to first. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Giants 5.	Giants rally, beat Nats