Giants - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Torres walked. Sandoval grounded out to first, Torres to second. Huff lined into double play, second to shortstop, Torres doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Infante flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Gonzalez singled to right center. Diaz walked, Gonzalez to second. Glaus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Burrell singled to right center. Uribe doubled to deep left, Burrell scored. Ishikawa grounded out to first, Uribe to third. Sanchez safe at first on error by shortstop Gonzalez. Whiteside grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Conrad doubled to left. Ankiel grounded out to second, Conrad to third. Ross homered to left (406 feet), Conrad scored. Lowe walked. Infante walked, Lowe to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Lowe to third, Infante to second. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Lowe scored, Infante to third. Cabrera stole second. Diaz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Sanchez grounded out to second. Torres grounded out to second. Sandoval singled to center. Huff flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Conrad flied out to right. Ankiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Burrell struck out looking. Uribe flied out to right. Ishikawa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Ross struck out swinging. Lowe struck out swinging. Infante homered to left (394 feet). Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Sanchez grounded out to third. Whiteside grounded out to third. Cain hit for Sanchez. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to center. Diaz singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Glaus singled to right, Gonzalez to third, Diaz to second. Conrad singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Diaz to third, Glaus to second. Casilla pitching for Giants. Ankiel flied out to left. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to first, Diaz out at home, Glaus to third, Conrad to second. Lowe lined out to right. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Torres doubled to deep left. Sandoval safe at first on error by first baseman Glaus, Torres advanced to third on Glaus error, Torres scored on throwing error by second baseman Infante. Huff grounded out to shortstop, Sandoval to second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Burrell fouled out to first. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Infante flied out to right. Cabrera singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Ishikawa homered to left center (413 feet). Sanchez popped out to shortstop. Whiteside hit by pitch. Schierholtz hit for Casilla. Venters pitching for Braves. Rowand hit for Schierholtz. Rowand singled to right, Whiteside to second. Torres grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rowand out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Rowand in center field. Diaz singled to center. Diaz stole second, Diaz safe at third on throwing error by catcher Whiteside. Glaus struck out looking. Conrad struck out swinging. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Cabrera in left field. Heyward in right field. Hinske at first base. Venters pitching for Braves. Sandoval grounded out to second. Huff struck out looking. Farnsworth pitching for Braves. Burrell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Ray pitching for Giants. Ross walked. Ray pitching for Giants. Ross walked. Hernandez hit for Farnsworth. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Ross to second. Infante popped out to second. Cabrera singled to right, Ross scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Saito pitching for Braves. Uribe struck out swinging. Ishikawa doubled to deep center. Sanchez struck out swinging. Posey hit for Whiteside. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 3 - Braves 6.	Bullpen carries  Braves after Lowe cramps up