Cardinals - Top 1st . Ritchie pitching for Brewers . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Cairo popped out to second . Edmonds singled to right . Pujols singled to right , Edmonds to second . Rolen walked , Edmonds to third , Pujols to second . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez doubled to left center . Young singled to left , Sanchez scored . Sexson walked . Jenkins singled to center , Young to third , Sexson to second . Hammonds walked , Young scored , Sexson to third , Jenkins to second . Helms safe at first on error by second baseman Cairo , Sexson scored , Jenkins to third , Hammonds to second . Osik struck out swinging . Clayton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helms out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Ritchie pitching for Brewers . Renteria singled to right center . Matheny singled to right , Renteria to second . Tomko sacrificed to pitcher , Renteria to third , Matheny to second . Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to left center , Renteria scored , Matheny to third . Cairo grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Ritchie grounded out to first . Sanchez tripled to deep right . Young walked . Sexson struck out swinging . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Ritchie pitching for Brewers . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . Rolen homered to right . Martinez singled to center . Renteria grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Hammonds struck out looking . Helms flied out to right . Osik grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Ritchie pitching for Brewers . Matheny flied out to center . Tomko singled to center . Tomko caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Palmeiro homered to right . Cairo walked . Edmonds singled to right , Cairo to second . Cairo to third , Edmonds to second on wild pitch by Ritchie . Pujols walked . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Clayton grounded out to third . Ritchie grounded out to first . Sanchez singled to right . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Ritchie pitching for Brewers . Martinez hit by pitch . Renteria singled to left , Martinez to second . Matheny flied out to center . Tomko sacrificed to pitcher , Martinez to third , Renteria to second . Palmeiro doubled to left center , Martinez and Renteria scored . Cairo safe at first on error by second baseman Young , Palmeiro to third , Palmeiro scored , Cairo to third on throwing error by second baseman Young . Foster pitching for Brewers . Edmonds struck out looking . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Sexson struck out looking . Jenkins homered to center . Hammonds flied out to left . Helms singled to center . Osik grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Podsednik in right field . Foster pitching for Brewers . Pujols singled to left . Rolen struck out looking . Martinez singled to deep right , Pujols thrown out at home , Martinez to second advancing on throw . Renteria intentionally walked . Matheny singled to left , Martinez scored , Renteria to second . Tomko walked , Renteria to third , Matheny to second . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tomko out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Cruz hit for Foster . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Clayton singled to right . Cruz struck out looking . Ohme pitching for Cardinals . Clayton to third on wild pitch by Ohme . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Clayton scored . Leskanic pitching for Brewers . Young flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Leskanic pitching for Brewers . Cairo singled to center . Edmonds struck out swinging . Pujols hit by pitch , Cairo to second . Robinson ran for Pujols . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cairo out at third , Robinson to second , Robinson to third on throwing error by third baseman Helms . Robinson in left field . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Martinez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Fassero pitching for Cardinals . Sexson walked . Jenkins struck out swinging . Podsednik struck out swinging . Perez at first base . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Vander Wal hit for Osik . Helms singled to center , Sexson to second . Perez catching . Vander Wal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Leskanic pitching for Brewers . Renteria flied out to deep right . Matheny flied out to right . Perez singled to left . Palmeiro singled to right , Perez to third . Palmeiro stole second . Cairo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Ginter hit for Leskanic . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Clayton flied out to center . Ginter struck out swinging . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Edmonds grounded out to shortstop . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Rolen popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Young flied out to center . Sexson struck out swinging . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Marrero in left field . Jenkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Brewers 5 .	Palmeiro 's big game powers Cards past Brewers