Cardinals - Top 1st . Quevedo pitching for Brewers . Palmeiro flied out to left . Perez grounded out to second . Pujols homered to left . Drew walked . Renteria singled to left , Drew to third . Renteria stole second . Robinson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik singled to left . Ginter struck out looking , Podsednik stole second . Sexson reached on infield single to third , Podsednik to third . Jenkins doubled to right center , Podsednik scored , Sexson to third . Clark popped out to shallow right . Osik popped out to shallow right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Quevedo pitching for Brewers . Girardi bunt grounded out to catcher . Hart doubled to left . Tomko singled to left , Hart to third . Palmeiro hit ground rule double to deep center , Hart scored , Tomko to third . Perez hit sacrifice fly to right , Tomko scored , Palmeiro to third . Pujols grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Clayton grounded out to second . Cruz grounded out to third . Quevedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Quevedo pitching for Brewers . Drew grounded out to second . Renteria struck out swinging . Robinson bunt grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik grounded out to third . Ginter struck out swinging . Sexson walked . Sexson to second on wild pitch by Tomko . Jenkins walked . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Quevedo pitching for Brewers . Girardi grounded out to shortstop . Hart grounded out to second . Tomko popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Osik popped out to shallow right . Clayton fouled out to first . Cruz singled to right . Quevedo singled to right , Cruz to second . Podsednik bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Quevedo pitching for Brewers . Palmeiro flied out to left . Perez singled to left . Pujols walked , Perez to second . Drew tripled to right center , Perez and Pujols scored . Renteria singled to left , Drew scored . Robinson singled to center , Renteria to second . Girardi walked . Hart tripled to deep center , Robinson and Girardi scored . Tomko grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Ginter doubled to left . Sexson singled to center , Ginter scored . Jenkins singled to shallow left , Sexson to second . Clark reached first base on catcher 's interference , Sexson to third , Jenkins to second . Clark batting . Osik grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Sexson out at home , Jenkins to third , Clark to second . Clayton grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Osik out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Ford pitching for Brewers . Palmeiro safe at first on error by first baseman Sexson . Ford pitching for Brewers . Perez struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Ford grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Ford pitching for Brewers . Renteria flied out to center . Robinson flied out to left . Girardi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Tomko pitching for Cardinals . Ginter flied out to right . Sexson singled to center . Painter pitching for Cardinals . Delgado at third base . Jenkins grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Ford pitching for Brewers . Hart walked . Delgado flied out to right . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hart out at second . Painter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Clark flied out to right . Osik walked . Clayton flied out to right . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Ford pitching for Brewers . Pujols lined out to center . Drew doubled to deep right . Renteria flied out to right . Robinson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Kieschnick hit for Ford . Yan pitching for Cardinals . Kieschnick singled to left . Podsednik singled to left , Kieschnick to second . Ginter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kieschnick out at third , Podsednik to second . Sexson singled to center , Podsednik scored , Ginter to second . Kline pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ginter out at third , Sexson to second . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Clark grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Brewers 4 .	Hart - warming debut : Rookie stars in first game