Pirates - Top 1st . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Lofton grounded out to second . Kendall hit by pitch . Giles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Young flied out to right . Podsednik singled to center . Jenkins doubled to deep left center , Podsednik scored , Jenkins to third advancing on throw . Sexson grounded out to third , Jenkins scored . Clark in center field . Vander Wal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Ramirez flied out to deep left . Sanders grounded out to pitcher . Wilson walked . Wilson stole second . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Helms grounded out to shortstop . Osik safe at first on error by first baseman Wilson . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Osik out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 3rd . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Reboulet walked . Wells lined into double play , second to first , Reboulet doubled off first . Lofton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Franklin lined out to shortstop . Young grounded out to shortstop . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Kendall flied out to center . Giles struck out looking . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Jenkins flied out to center . Sexson walked . Vander Wal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sexson out at second . Helms fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Sanders fouled out to first . Wilson walked . Wilson lined into double play , center to first , Wilson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Osik safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson . Clayton singled to left center , Osik to second . Franklin sacrificed to catcher , Osik to third , Clayton to second . Young intentionally walked . Clark hit sacrifice fly to right , Osik scored , Clayton to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Jenkins intentionally walked . Sexson flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Franklin pitching for Brewers . Reboulet tripled to deep center . Wells struck out swinging . Lofton struck out swinging . Kendall singled to left center , Reboulet scored . Giles grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Vander Wal grounded out to second . Helms singled to right center . Osik flied out to center . Ginter hit for Franklin . Clayton singled to left , Helms to second . Ginter hit by pitch , Helms to third , Clayton to second . Young singled to right , Helms and Clayton scored , Ginter to third . Ginter scored , Young to second on wild pitch by Wells . Clark singled to left , Young scored . Beimel pitching for Pirates . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Jenkins lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Ramirez struck out looking . Sanders walked . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanders out at second . Rivera at first base . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Wilson in right field . Wilson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Pirates . Sexson singled to left . Vander Wal walked , Sexson to second . Helms singled to right , Sexson to third , Vander Wal to second . Osik grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sexson scored , Helms out at second , Vander Wal to third . Cruz hit for Vizcaino . Clayton hit sacrifice fly to right , Vander Wal scored . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Cruz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Simon hit for Tavarez . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Reboulet grounded out to pitcher . Simon lined out to center . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Lofton popped out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Young walked . Clark singled to center , Young to second . Jenkins struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to shortstop , Young to third , Clark to second . Nance pitching for Brewers . Vander Wal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Nance pitching for Brewers . Kendall doubled to deep center . Giles grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center , Kendall scored . Rivera struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Brewers 9 .	Milwaukee 9 , Pittsburgh 2