Brewers - Top 1st . Stark pitching for Rockies . Young singled to center . Clark singled to left , Young to second . Jenkins singled to left , Young scored , Clark to second . Sexson singled to right , Clark to third , Jenkins to second . Vander Wal walked , Clark scored , Jenkins to third , Sexson to second . Helms hit sacrifice fly to center , Jenkins scored , Sexson to third . Perez grounded out to catcher , Vander Wal to second . Clayton grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Womack struck out swinging . Uribe tripled to right center . Helton hit sacrifice fly to right , Uribe scored . Wilson flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Stark pitching for Rockies . Kinney grounded out to pitcher . Young grounded out to third . Clark singled to center . Jenkins singled to left , Clark to second . Sexson singled to center , Clark scored , Jenkins thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Walker walked . Payton singled to center , Walker to third . Norton struck out swinging . Payton to second on wild pitch by Kinney . Estalella walked . Stark hit sacrifice fly to center , Walker scored , Payton to third . Estalella stole second . Womack lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Stark pitching for Rockies . Vander Wal homered to center . Helms grounded out to third . Perez flied out to right . Clayton flied out to left center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kinney pitching for Brewers . Uribe popped out to shortstop . Helton singled to center . Wilson homered to left , Helton scored . Walker singled to right . Payton walked , Walker to second . Norton singled to right , Walker to third , Payton to second . Estalella struck out swinging . Stark walked , Walker scored , Payton to third , Norton to second . Burba pitching for Brewers . Womack grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Stark pitching for Rockies . Burba struck out looking . Young singled to left . Clark singled to left , Young to second . Jenkins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Clark out at second , Young to third . Sexson homered to left , Young and Jenkins scored . Cook pitching for Rockies . Vander Wal grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Uribe grounded out to second . Helton grounded out to second . Wilson homered to center . Walker walked . Payton walked , Walker to second . Norton fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Helms struck out swinging . Perez popped out to first . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Burba pitching for Brewers . Estalella struck out swinging . Cook grounded out to second . Hall hit for Burba . Womack grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Hall singled to center . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hall out at second . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Clark grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Uribe walked . Helton reached on bunt single to third , Uribe to second . Wilson walked , Uribe to third , Helton to second . Walker singled to center , Uribe scored , Helton to third , Wilson to second . Dejean pitching for Brewers . Payton singled to center , Helton and Wilson scored , Walker to second . Norton reached on bunt single to third , Walker to third , Payton to second . Estalella hit sacrifice fly to center , Walker scored . Reyes hit for Cook . Reyes fouled out to first . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Womack grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Jenkins struck out swinging . Sexson reached on infield single to shortstop . Vander Wal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . DeJean pitching for Brewers . Uribe walked . Helton flied out to center . Wilson singled to right , Uribe to third . Uribe scored , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Dejean . Walker intentionally walked . Payton flied out to center . Reed pitching for Rockies . Stynes at third base . Norton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Helms grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to third . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Estalella doubled to left center . Stynes doubled to right , Estalella scored . Womack reached on bunt single to catcher , Stynes to third . Uribe doubled to left , Stynes scored , Womack to third . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Womack out at home , Uribe to third , Helton to second . Walker intentionally walked . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Podsednik hit for Estrella . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Walker out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Podsednik flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Clark doubled to left . Jenkins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 8 - Rockies 13 .	Wilson , Rockies overpower visiting Brewers