Brewers - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Reds . Podsednik bunt popped out to pitcher . Ginter popped out to shortstop . Jenkins walked . Sexson walked , Jenkins to second . Vander Wal walked , Jenkins to third , Sexson to second . Helms popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Freel doubled to right . Hummel grounded out to first , Freel to third . Jimenez doubled to right center , Freel scored . Casey walked . Branyan struck out swinging . Jimenez to third , Casey to second on wild pitch by Obermueller . Smitherman walked . Stenson lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Reds . Perez grounded out to second . Clayton flied out to left . Obermueller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . LaRue grounded out to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Freel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Reds . Podsednik singled to center . Ginter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Podsednik out at second . Jenkins homered to right . Sexson singled to center . Vander Wal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sexson out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hummel grounded out to shortstop . Jimenez grounded out to first . Casey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Helms hit by pitch . Perez grounded out to third , Helms to second . Clayton flied out to center . Obermueller grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Branyan lined out to left . Smitherman flied out to center . Stenson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Podsednik grounded out to second . Ginter safe at first on error by third baseman Branyan . Jenkins singled to center , Ginter to second . Sexson singled to left , Ginter to third , Jenkins to second . Vander Wal singled to center , Ginter scored , Jenkins to third , Sexson to second . Helms fouled out to first . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sexson out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . LaRue flied out to center . Wilson struck out swinging . Freel reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hummel singled to left , Freel to third . Jimenez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Clayton singled to right . Obermueller sacrificed to first , Clayton to second . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop , Clayton to third . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Casey grounded out to first . Branyan grounded out to second . Wagner pitching for Reds . Mateo in right field . Stenson in left field . Smitherman flied out to deep right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Jenkins walked . Sexson struck out swinging . Vander Wal singled to right , Jenkins to second . Helms struck out swinging . Clark in left field . Perez singled to center , Jenkins thrown out at home , Vander Wal to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Stenson singled to right . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . LaRue sacrificed to first , Stenson to third , Stenson scored , Stenson to second , LaRue safe at third on error by second baseman Ginter . Mateo struck out swinging . Freel flied out to right , LaRue thrown out at home . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Clayton grounded out to second . Hall hit for Vizcaino . Hall flied out to deep center . Podsednik doubled to deep left center . Hall at second base . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Ginter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Hummel grounded out to third . Jimenez singled to left . Casey struck out swinging . Castro hit for Wagner . Branyan walked , Jimenez to second . Castro at shortstop . Hummel at third base . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Clark grounded out to second . Sexson singled to center . Vander Wal singled to right , Sexson to third . Helms grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vander Wal out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . De Los Santos pitching for Brewers . Stenson struck out swinging . LaRue walked . Mateo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LaRue out at second . Freel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Reitsma pitching for Reds . Perez doubled to left . Cruz ran for Perez . Clayton grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Hall homered to left , Cruz scored . Smith hit for De Los Santos . Podsednik grounded out to second . Smith safe at first on error by first baseman Casey . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Osik catching . Clark struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 10th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Hummel grounded out to shortstop . Jimenez singled to left . Olmedo hit for Reitsma . Casey singled to left , Jimenez to second . Pena ran for Casey . Olmedo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second , Jimenez to third . Castro safe at first on error by second baseman Hall , Jimenez scored , Olmedo to second . Stenson walked , Olmedo to third , Castro to second . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Brewers 4 - Reds 3 .	Brewers win 10th straight , but lose Jenkins