Astros - Top 1st . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Biggio struck out swinging . Blum singled to right center . Bagwell struck out swinging . Kent flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Redding pitching for Astros . Podsednik flied out to left . Ginter struck out looking . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Berkman singled to left . Hidalgo homered to left , Berkman scored . Ausmus grounded out to first . Everett flied out to right . Redding grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Redding pitching for Astros . Sexson grounded out to second . Zoccolillo batting . Helms grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Biggio singled to center . Blum singled to shallow center , Biggio to second . Bagwell fouled out to third . Kent lined out to center . Berkman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Redding pitching for Astros . Perez doubled to deep right . Clayton walked . Obermueller bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Perez out at third , Clayton to second . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Obermueller out at second , Clayton to third . Podsednik stole second . Ginter walked . Clark hit by pitch , Clayton scored , Podsednik to third , Ginter to second . Sexson singled to center , Podsednik and Ginter scored , Clark to second . Zoccolillo grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop . Ausmus struck out swinging . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Redding pitching for Astros . Helms struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Redding reached on infield single to second . Biggio reached on bunt single to third , Redding to second . Blum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Biggio out at second , Redding to third . Bagwell batting . Kent struck out swinging . Berkman lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Redding pitching for Astros . Obermueller grounded out to second . Podsednik singled to right . Ginter fouled out to catcher . Clark reached on infield single to pitcher , Podsednik to second . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Obermueller pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo popped out to second . Ausmus grounded out to shortstop . Everett reached on bunt single to third . Redding grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Redding pitching for Astros . Zoccolillo singled to right . White pitching for Astros . Helms singled to shallow left , Zoccolillo to second . Perez sacrificed to catcher , Zoccolillo to third , Helms to second , Perez safe at first on error by pitcher White . Vander Wal hit for Obermueller . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zoccolillo out at home , Helms to third , Perez to second . Vander Wal struck out swinging . Crudale pitching for Brewers . Clark grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Crudale pitching for Brewers . Biggio fouled out to third . Blum walked . Bagwell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blum out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Stone pitching for Astros . Sexson grounded out to third . Zoccolillo grounded out to second . Helms walked . Conti in right field . Perez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Crudale pitching for Brewers . Kent flied out to right . Berkman doubled to deep right . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Hidalgo walked . Vizcaino hit for Everett . Ausmus fouled out to catcher . Meluskey hit for Stone . Vizcaino homered to right , Berkman and Hidalgo scored . Vizcaino at shortstop . Lidge pitching for Astros . Meluskey grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Hall hit for Vizcaino . Lidge pitching for Astros . Clayton singled to shallow center . Hall flied out to right . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Podsednik grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Biggio grounded out to second . Blum grounded out to shortstop . Bagwell walked . Kent singled to right , Bagwell to third . Berkman doubled to right , Bagwell scored , Kent to third . Hidalgo intentionally walked . Wagner pitching for Astros . Ausmus flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Astros . Ginter struck out looking . Clark flied out to center . Smith hit for Conti . Sexson walked . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Brewers 6 .	Astros rally , remain tied with Cubs