Athletics - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Burns flied out to left . Coghlan hit by pitch . Reddick singled to center , Coghlan to second . Lowrie struck out looking . Vogt doubled to right , Coghlan scored , Reddick to third . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Carrera struck out swinging . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Davis singled to center . Alonso singled to center , Davis to second . Semien singled to shallow left , Davis thrown out at home , Alonso to second . Burns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Semien out at second , Alonso to third . Coghlan homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Alonso and Burns scored . Reddick flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Encarnación struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie lined out to shortstop . Vogt singled to center . Crisp walked , Vogt to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogt to third , Crisp safe at second on error by second baseman Barney . Alonso struck out swinging . Semien lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Pillar grounded out to third . Goins grounded out to shortstop . Barney homered to left ( 403 feet ) . Carrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Burns grounded out to second . Coghlan grounded out to first . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Donaldson singled to center . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnación grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Lowrie singled to left . Vogt singled to right , Lowrie to third . Lowrie scored , Vogt to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Crisp doubled to right , Vogt scored . Davis grounded out to third . Girodo pitching for Blue Jays . Alonso grounded out to shortstop , Crisp to third . Semien flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Smoak struck out swinging . Martin doubled to deep center . Pillar grounded out to third . Goins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Thole catching . Girodo pitching for Blue Jays . Burns hit by pitch . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Burns out at second . Coghlan to second on passed ball by Thole . Reddick struck out looking . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Barney walked . Carrera doubled to left , Barney to third . Donaldson walked . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to center , Barney scored . Encarnación lined out to center . Smoak walked , Carrera to third , Donaldson to second . Thole grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Girodo pitching for Blue Jays . Vogt grounded out to first . Crisp singled to center . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Davis flied out to right . Crisp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Alonso batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Pillar singled to right . Goins flied out to left , Pillar to second . Barney singled to shallow left , Pillar scored . Carrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Barney out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Alonso grounded out to pitcher . Semien struck out swinging . Burns singled to center . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación walked . Smoak singled to center , Encarnación to third . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Thole walked , Smoak to second . Pillar singled to shallow left , Encarnación and Smoak scored , Thole to second . Goins grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Reddick singled to center . Lowrie fouled out to catcher . Vogt grounded out to second , Reddick to second . Crisp intentionally walked . Davis singled to left , Reddick scored , Crisp to second , Crisp scored , Davis to second on error by left fielder Carrera . Alonso grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Crisp in left field . Madson pitching for Athletics . Barney lined out to left . Carrera bunt grounded out to catcher . Donaldson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Blue Jays 5 .	Athletics beat Blue Jays 8 - 5 for sixth straight win