Rangers - Top 1st . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Choo flied out to left . Desmond safe at first on error by pitcher Manaea . Desmond out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Profar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Crisp singled to center . Semien singled to center , Crisp to second . Valencia singled to right center , Crisp to third , Semien to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp scored , Valencia out at second , Semien to third . Butler walked , Davis to second . Phegley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Odor lined out to shortstop . Rua struck out swinging . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Smolinski singled to center . Alonso grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Smolinski out at second . Ladendorf lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Andrus doubled to deep right . Moreland struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Andrus stole third . Choo walked . Desmond fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Crisp walked . Semien struck out swinging . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crisp safe at second on error by third baseman Profar . Davis homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Crisp and Valencia scored . Butler walked . Phegley singled to center , Butler to second . Smolinski walked , Butler to third , Phegley to second . Alonso hit sacrifice fly to left , Butler scored , Smolinski out at second , Phegley to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Profar grounded out to second . Odor struck out swinging . Rua reached on infield single to third , Rua to second on throwing error by third baseman Valencia . Fielder hit by pitch . Andrus singled to left , Rua scored , Fielder to second . Fielder to third , Andrus to second on wild pitch by Manaea . Moreland grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Ramos pitching for Rangers . Ladendorf grounded out to shortstop . Crisp lined out to right . Semien singled to center . Semien stole second . Valencia singled to center , Semien scored . Davis walked , Valencia to second . Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers . Butler singled to center , Valencia scored , Davis to second . Phegley homered to right center ( 388 feet ) , Davis and Butler scored . Smolinski singled to right . Alonso grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Wilson flied out to center . Choo homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Desmond flied out to right . Profar popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers . Ladendorf reached on infield single to third . Crisp singled to right , Ladendorf to third . Semien singled to right , Ladendorf scored , Crisp to second . Valencia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Semien out at second , Crisp to third . Davis reached on infield single to shortstop , Crisp scored , Valencia to second . Butler singled to center , Valencia to third , Davis to second . Phegley fouled out to first . Smolinski singled to left , Valencia and Davis scored , Butler to second . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Alonso grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Odor singled to left . Rua homered to right center ( 404 feet ) , Odor scored . Fielder grounded out to second . Andrus grounded out to second . Moreland singled to shallow right . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moreland out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Holaday in left field . Rua in center field . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Ladendorf grounded out to shortstop . Burns hit for Crisp . Burns grounded out to third . Semien struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Burns in center field . Neal pitching for Athletics . Choo grounded out to second . Holaday flied out to left . Profar reached on infield single to third . Odor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Valencia lined out to right . Davis struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics . Rua grounded out to second . Fielder grounded out to first . Andrus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Phegley lined out to center . Smolinski flied out to left . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Sheridan Neal pitching for Athletics . Moreland homered to right center ( 420 feet ) . Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Valencia . Choo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second . Holaday grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Athletics 14 .	Davis homers , drives in 5 and A 's roll over Rangers 14 - 5