Blue Jays - Top 1st . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Carrera struck out swinging . Donaldson flied out to left . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp lined out to right . Lowrie singled to right . Reddick walked , Lowrie to second . Davis singled to center , Lowrie scored , Reddick to third . Vogt grounded out to second , Reddick scored , Davis to second . Semien flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Saunders safe at second on throwing error by catcher Vogt . Martin grounded out to second , Saunders to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to third , Saunders scored . Smoak singled to left center . Pillar flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Alonso singled to right . Smolinski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alonso out at second . Healy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Travis singled to center . Carrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Travis out at second . Donaldson walked , Carrera to second . Encarnación walked , Carrera to third , Donaldson to second . Carrera scored , Donaldson to third , Encarnación to second on wild pitch by Mengden . Saunders hit sacrifice fly to left , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third . Martin lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp struck out swinging . Lowrie grounded out to first . Reddick homered to right center ( 420 feet ) . Davis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Mengden pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki singled to center . Smoak walked , Tulowitzki to second . Tulowitzki to third , Smoak to second on wild pitch by Mengden . Pillar singled to left , Tulowitzki scored , Smoak to third . Travis singled to right , Smoak scored , Pillar to third . Carrera grounded out to shortstop , Pillar scored , Travis to second . Donaldson singled to right , Travis scored . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Encarnación grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Vogt singled to right . Semien struck out swinging . Alonso struck out looking . Vogt to second on passed ball by Martin . Smolinski singled to center , Vogt scored . Healy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smolinski out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Valencia at first base . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Saunders walked . Martin singled to center , Saunders to second . Tulowitzki lined out to right , Saunders to third . Smoak struck out swinging . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp grounded out to first . Lowrie struck out looking . Reddick singled to right . Davis homered to right center ( 397 feet ) , Reddick scored . Vogt homered to right center ( 409 feet ) . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Semien struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Axford pitching for Athletics . Travis walked . Carrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Travis out at second . Donaldson struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia singled to right . Smolinski struck out swinging . Healy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Valencia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Saunders walked . Martin flied out to center . Dull pitching for Athletics . Tulowitzki flied out to left . Smoak walked , Saunders to second . Pillar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp lined out to left . Lowrie struck out looking . Reddick walked . Davis singled to left , Reddick to second . Vogt singled to center , Reddick scored , Davis to third . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Semien flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Travis struck out swinging . Carrera walked . Donaldson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Schultz pitching for Blue Jays . Valencia lined out to center . Smolinski walked . Healy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smolinski out at second . Crisp grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Ladendorf at second base . Madson pitching for Athletics . Encarnación grounded out to third . Saunders grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Athletics 8 .	A 's beat Blue Jays 8 - 7 with help of instant replay