Athletics - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Angels . Crisp lined out to right . Muncy grounded out to first . Vogt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Escobar grounded out to second . Calhoun struck out looking . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Davis singled to shallow left . Alonso singled to right , Davis to third . Butler grounded into double play , second to first , Davis scored , Alonso out at second . Semien flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Pujols grounded out to second . Simmons singled to right . Choi walked , Simmons to second . Marte fouled out to right , Simmons to third . Pérez reached on infield single to second , Simmons scored , Choi to second . Pennington popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Angels . Lowrie singled to shallow center . Healy fouled out to catcher . Crisp grounded out to pitcher , Lowrie to second . Muncy reached on infield single to shortstop , Lowrie to third . Vogt safe at first on error by third baseman Escobar , Lowrie scored , Muncy to second . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Escobar singled to right . Calhoun flied out to center , Escobar to second . Escobar to third on passed ball by Vogt . Trout singled to right , Escobar scored . Pujols singled to left , Trout to second . Simmons flied out to center , Trout to third . Choi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Alonso reached on infield single to shortstop . Butler singled to left center , Alonso to third . Semien fouled out to first . Lowrie flied out to left . Healy doubled to deep right center , Alonso and Butler scored . Crisp singled to right , Healy to third . Crisp stole second . Muncy grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Marte homered to right center ( 399 feet ) . Pérez grounded out to third . Pennington homered to right center ( 414 feet ) . Escobar lined out to center . Calhoun grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Vogt singled to right . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vogt out at second . Alonso flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Trout singled to shallow right . Pujols doubled to right , Trout scored . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Simmons bunt grounded out to third , Pujols to third . Choi grounded out to shortstop , Pujols scored . Marte popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Weaver pitching for Angels . Butler lined out to right . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Pérez grounded out to second . Pennington grounded out to third . Escobar walked . Calhoun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Choi at first base . Robinson in left field . Guerra pitching for Angels . Healy doubled to right center . Crisp lined out to right . Muncy struck out swinging . Vogt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Trout singled to left . Pujols struck out swinging . Simmons reached on infield single to third , Trout to second , Trout to third , Simmons to second on throwing error by third baseman Healy . Choi intentionally walked . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Trout out at home , Simmons to third , Choi to second . Pérez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Angels . Davis walked . Alonso struck out swinging . Butler singled to right , Davis to second . Smolinski ran for Butler . Semien walked , Davis to third , Smolinski to second . Ramírez pitching for Angels . Lowrie walked , Davis scored , Smolinski to third , Semien to second . Ladendorf ran for Lowrie . Healy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ladendorf out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Ladendorf at second base . Hendriks pitching for Athletics . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . Escobar flied out to center . Calhoun flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Crisp singled to left . Muncy walked , Crisp to second . Vogt singled to left center , Crisp scored , Muncy to second , Vogt to second , Muncy thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Davis walked . Alonso walked , Vogt to third , Davis to second . Morin pitching for Angels . Valencia hit for Smolinski . Valencia grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Vogt out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Dull pitching for Athletics . Trout safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Healy . Pujols homered to left ( 436 feet ) , Trout scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Athletics 6 - Angels 8 .	Pujols hits 2 - run HR in 9th to give Angels 8 - 6 win over A 's