Rays - Top 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Fuld flied out to right . Damon homered to right . Joyce struck out looking . Johnson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Crawford flied out to left . Pedroia grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Youkilis walked , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Zobrist doubled to left . Upton walked . Lopez singled to center , Zobrist to third , Upton to second . Jaso doubled to deep left center , Zobrist and Upton scored , Lopez to third . Brignac singled to right , Lopez and Jaso scored . Fuld homered to right , Brignac scored . Damon singled to center . Joyce grounded out to second , Damon to second . Johnson lined out to pitcher , Damon to third . Zobrist struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Upton singled to shallow right . Lopez walked , Upton to second . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Upton picked off second . Jaso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Scutaro grounded out to third . Crawford grounded out to first . Pedroia walked . Gonzalez tripled to deep right , Pedroia scored . Youkilis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Brignac grounded out to second . Fuld doubled to deep center . Damon singled to center , Fuld scored . Joyce flied out to center . Johnson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Ortiz tripled to deep center . Drew singled to center , Ortiz scored . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Ellsbury lined out to center . Scutaro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Zobrist grounded out to second . Upton safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Lopez flied out to right . Jaso doubled to left , Upton scored . Brignac lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Crawford hit ground rule double to deep right center . Pedroia flied out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Crawford to third . Youkilis walked . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Fuld tripled to deep center . Damon walked . Fuld scored , Damon to second on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Joyce singled to center , Damon to third . Johnson fouled out to third . Zobrist doubled to deep right , Damon and Joyce scored . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Upton popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez at third base . Kotchman at first base . Hellickson pitching for Rays . Drew grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia walked . Ellsbury singled to center , Saltalamacchia to second . Russell pitching for Rays . Scutaro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellsbury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Lowrie at first base . McDonald in right field . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Jaso grounded out to second . Brignac flied out to left . Fuld flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Russell pitching for Rays . Crawford safe at first on error by shortstop Brignac . Pedroia walked , Crawford to second . Lowrie walked , Crawford to third , Pedroia to second . Youkilis lined into double play , second to shortstop , Pedroia doubled off second . Ramos pitching for Rays . Ortiz singled to center , Crawford scored , Lowrie to third . McDonald struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Top 8th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Damon struck out swinging . Joyce flied out to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Rays . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ellsbury homered to right . Scutaro flied out to left . Crawford singled to left center . Pedroia grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Zobrist singled to shallow center . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Zobrist to second , Zobrist to third on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro . Kotchman singled to right , Zobrist scored , Upton to second . Jaso flied out to center . Brignac singled to center , Upton scored , Kotchman to second . Fuld doubled to left , Kotchman scored , Brignac to third . Damon grounded out to shortstop , Brignac scored , Fuld to third . Joyce grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Lowrie singled to center . Youkilis doubled to deep left center , Lowrie to third . Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to left , Lowrie scored . McDonald struck out looking . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 16 - Red Sox 5 .	Rays rip Dice - K in rout