Red Sox - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury singled to shallow center . Pedroia flied out to center . Ellsbury stole second , Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Ellsbury scored . Youkilis walked . Ortiz homered to right center ( 402 feet ) , Youkilis scored . Crawford grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter flied out to center . Granderson flied out to left . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Scutaro reached on infield single to third . Scutaro stole second , Scutaro safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli . Drew hit sacrifice fly to center , Scutaro scored . Varitek flied out to left . Ellsbury popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez popped out to second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher reached on infield single to third . Swisher to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Gardner walked . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Pedroia flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out looking . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cervelli doubled to deep right . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson grounded out to first , Cervelli to third . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ortiz walked . Crawford singled to right , Ortiz to second . Scutaro grounded out to second , Ortiz to third , Crawford to second . Drew intentionally walked . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz scored , Drew out at second , Crawford to third . Ellsbury doubled to deep right , Crawford scored , Varitek to third . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop , Varitek scored , Ellsbury to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Cano grounded out to first . Swisher struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Youkilis singled to left . Ortiz grounded into double play , third to first , Youkilis out at second . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Nunez walked . Nunez to second on passed ball by Varitek . Cervelli singled to center , Nunez scored . Jeter doubled to deep center , Cervelli scored . Granderson grounded out to first , Jeter to third . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to left , Jeter scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Scutaro grounded out to third . Drew grounded out to second . Varitek walked . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury singled to center , Varitek to second . Pedroia walked , Varitek to third , Ellsbury to second . Gonzalez walked , Varitek scored , Ellsbury to third , Pedroia to second . Youkilis struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Cano hit by pitch . Swisher flied out to center . Gardner walked , Cano to second . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Nunez singled to left , Cano to third , Gardner to second . Cervelli singled to left , Cano scored , Gardner to third , Nunez to second . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cervelli out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ortiz grounded out to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Scutaro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira lined out to first . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Drew struck out swinging . Pendleton pitching for Yankees . Varitek walked . Ellsbury popped out to shortstop . Pedroia walked , Varitek to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Cano struck out looking . Swisher grounded out to first . Gardner reached on infield single to third . Gardner stole second . Nunez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Pendleton pitching for Yankees . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz flied out to left . Crawford homered to right ( 388 feet ) . Scutaro doubled to deep right . Drew homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Scutaro scored . Varitek popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Cervelli walked . Cervelli to second on fielder 's indifference . Jeter grounded out to second , Cervelli to third . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to right , Cervelli scored . Teixeira to second on fielder 's indifference . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 11 - Yankees 6 .	Red Sox whip Yanks , take 1st