Padres - Top 1st . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Denorfia struck out swinging . Bartlett singled to center . Headley hit by pitch , Bartlett to second . Ludwick popped out to first . Guzman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Latos pitching for Padres . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to right . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia out at second . Youkilis doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Rizzo flied out to left . Maybin walked . Hundley walked , Maybin to second . Denorfia walked , Maybin to third , Hundley to second . Bartlett walked , Maybin scored , Hundley to third , Denorfia to second . Headley walked , Hundley scored , Denorfia to third , Bartlett to second . Ludwick flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Latos pitching for Padres . Drew struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Guzman grounded out to third . Hudson flied out to right . Rizzo doubled to left . Maybin singled to center , Rizzo scored . Maybin stole second . Hundley doubled to left , Maybin scored . Denorfia fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Latos pitching for Padres . Reddick tripled to deep right . Ellsbury singled to center , Reddick scored . Pedroia walked , Ellsbury to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , pitcher to third to shortstop , Ellsbury out at third , Pedroia out at second , Gonzalez to first . Youkilis singled to left center , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Bartlett walked . Headley flied out to center . Ludwick popped out to third . Guzman popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Latos pitching for Padres . Drew flied out to center . Saltalamacchia walked . Scutaro singled to shallow left , Saltalamacchia to second . Reddick doubled to deep center , Saltalamacchia scored , Scutaro to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Hudson struck out looking . Rizzo struck out swinging . Maybin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Latos pitching for Padres . Youkilis singled to center . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Youkilis out at second . Ortiz stole second . Drew struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Hundley struck out looking . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Bartlett lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Latos pitching for Padres . Scutaro singled to center . Reddick popped out to second . Ellsbury reached on infield single to third , Scutaro to second , Scutaro to third on throwing error by third baseman Headley . Ellsbury caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pedroia walked . Qualls pitching for Padres . Gonzalez singled to right , Scutaro scored , Pedroia to second . Youkilis popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Headley singled to right . Ludwick flied out to center . Guzman hit ground rule double to deep right center , Headley to third . Hudson intentionally walked . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Rizzo grounded out to first , Headley scored , Guzman to third , Hudson to second . Maybin grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Qualls pitching for Padres . Ortiz grounded out to second . Drew walked . Saltalamacchia singled to left center , Drew to second . Scutaro flied out to center . Reddick grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Hundley singled to center . Denorfia sacrificed to first , Hundley to second . Bartlett walked . Headley grounded out to pitcher , Hundley to third , Bartlett to second . Ludwick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to first . Rizzo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Bell pitching for Padres . Youkilis singled to left center . Sutton ran for Youkilis . Ortiz grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Sutton out at second . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Red Sox 4 .	Padres beat Red Sox to end six - game skid