Red Sox - Top 1st . Paulino pitching for Royals . Scutaro walked . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Scutaro out at second , Aviles to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Aviles to third . Pedroia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Gordon flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Butler singled to center . Hosmer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Reddick flied out to right . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Francoeur popped out to first . Moustakas singled to center . Perez struck out swinging . Getz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Paulino pitching for Royals . Lavarnway walked . Lavarnway to second on wild pitch by Paulino . McDonald reached on bunt single to third , Lavarnway to third . Scutaro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lavarnway scored , McDonald out at second . Aviles reached on infield single to pitcher , Aviles to second on throwing error by pitcher Paulino . Gonzalez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Escobar singled to center . Gordon grounded out to second , Escobar to second . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Butler doubled to right , Escobar scored . Hosmer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Pedroia singled to center . Reddick singled to center , Pedroia to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center , Pedroia scored , Reddick to second . Lavarnway reached on infield single to third , Reddick to third , Crawford to second . McDonald hit sacrifice fly to right , Reddick scored , Crawford to third . Scutaro walked , Lavarnway to second . Aviles flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Francoeur reached on infield single to third . Moustakas flied out to center . Francoeur caught stealing second , catcher to second . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Gonzalez flied out to left . Pedroia struck out looking . Reddick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Getz grounded out to first . Escobar grounded out to third . Gordon doubled to deep right center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Paulino pitching for Royals . Saltalamacchia doubled to left . Crawford flied out to left . Lavarnway singled to center , Saltalamacchia scored . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lavarnway out at second . Scutaro popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Butler struck out swinging . Hosmer singled to center . Francoeur doubled to deep center , Hosmer scored . Moustakas doubled to deep right , Francoeur scored . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Perez walked . Getz singled to right , Moustakas scored , Perez to second . Escobar flied out to right . Gordon doubled to deep center , Perez and Getz scored . Cabrera singled to right , Gordon scored , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Butler intentionally walked . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Hosmer tripled to deep right center , Cabrera and Butler scored . Francoeur struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Royals . Aviles struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop . Reddick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Moustakas lined out to second . Perez flied out to right . Getz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center . Holland pitching for Royals . Lavarnway flied out to center . McDonald flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Red Sox . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon singled to right . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Butler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Scutaro flied out to right . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Royals 9 .	Wakefield denied 200th victory \n\n