Athletics - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Weeks doubled to deep center . Crisp fouled out to catcher . Matsui grounded out to second , Weeks to third . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury doubled to left . Scutaro struck out swinging , Ellsbury stole third . Gonzalez singled to right center , Ellsbury scored . Pedroia flied out to right . Ortiz singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Lowrie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Allen doubled to left . DeJesus singled to right , Allen scored . DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Wakefield . Suzuki grounded out to third , DeJesus to third . Pennington singled to right , DeJesus scored . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pennington out at second . Weeks singled to left , Sizemore to second . Crisp lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Aviles grounded out to second . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . McDonald struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Matsui flied out to center . Willingham struck out swinging . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury flied out to left . Scutaro flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . DeJesus grounded out to third . Suzuki walked . Pennington popped out to second . Sizemore homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Suzuki scored . Weeks struck out swinging , Weeks safe at first on passed ball by Saltalamacchia . Crisp walked , Weeks to second . Matsui doubled to center , Weeks and Crisp scored . Willingham homered to left ( 350 feet ) , Matsui scored . Allen safe at first on error by third baseman Lowrie . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Pedroia homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Ortiz homered to center ( 400 feet ) . Lowrie grounded out to second . Aviles singled to center . Saltalamacchia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aviles out at second . McDonald flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Suzuki flied out to center . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop . Sizemore popped out to first . Weeks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury tripled to left center . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop , Ellsbury scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Pedroia walked . Ortiz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Crisp flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Lowrie struck out swinging . Aviles walked . Aviles stole second . Saltalamacchia walked . McDonald popped out to second . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Ellsbury fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Allen flied out to left . DeJesus grounded out to first . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Atchison . Pennington doubled to left , Suzuki scored . Sizemore grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Pedroia walked . Ortiz doubled to right , Pedroia to third . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Lowrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Weeks doubled to left . Crisp lined out to second . Matsui grounded out to third , Weeks to third . Willingham walked . Allen doubled to deep right , Weeks scored , Willingham to third . DeJesus doubled to left , Willingham and Allen scored . Suzuki singled to center , DeJesus scored . Pennington struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Aviles safe at first on error by first baseman Allen . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . McDonald flied out to right . Ellsbury flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Reddick in right field . McDonald pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore walked . Weeks walked , Sizemore to second . Sweeney hit for Crisp . Sweeney flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to pitcher , Sizemore to third , Weeks to second . Willingham doubled to left , Sizemore and Weeks scored . Allen grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Sweeney in center field . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Sogard at shortstop . Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to left , Scutaro to second . Reddick doubled to deep right , Scutaro scored , Pedroia to third . Lowrie struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 15 - Red Sox 5 .	A 's rip Red Sox , deny Wakefield 's 200th