Rangers - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Kinsler flied out to left . Andrus flied out to center . Hamilton hit by pitch . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Pedroia popped out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Beltre grounded out to third . Murphy tripled to deep center . Napoli singled to left , Murphy scored . Moreland grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Youkilis singled to left . Ortiz reached on infield single to third , Youkilis to second . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ortiz out at second , Youkilis to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Chavez doubled to deep center . Kinsler tripled to deep right center , Chavez scored . Andrus lined into double play , pitcher to third , Kinsler out at third . Hamilton flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Saltalamacchia flied out to left . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury doubled to right . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . McDonald in right field . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Young walked . Beltre flied out to right . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second , Murphy to second on throwing error by second baseman Pedroia . Napoli walked . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz walked . McDonald singled to center , Ortiz to second . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Chavez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Chavez to second on throwing error by pitcher Lackey . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus flied out to right . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Scutaro walked . Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Harrison . Ellsbury lined out to second . Pedroia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Young singled to center . Beltre singled to right , Young to third . Murphy singled to left center , Young scored , Beltre to third . Murphy to second on wild pitch by Lackey . Napoli walked . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Moreland singled to right , Beltre scored , Murphy to third , Napoli to second . German hit for Chavez . German walked , Murphy scored , Napoli to third , Moreland to second . Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to right , Napoli scored . Andrus walked , Moreland to third , German to second . Hamilton tripled to deep center , Moreland , German and Andrus scored . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Young walked . Beltre struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to right . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gentry in center field . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez flied out to left . Youkilis popped out to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Aviles at second base . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Napoli struck out looking . Moreland singled to left . Gentry singled to left , Moreland to second . Kinsler reached on infield single to second , Moreland to third , Gentry to second . Andrus struck out looking . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . McDonald lined out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to catcher . Saltalamacchia hit ground rule double to left , Crawford to third . Scutaro singled to center , Crawford and Saltalamacchia scored . Ellsbury grounded out to first , Scutaro to second . Aviles flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Bowden pitching for Red Sox . Young struck out looking . Beltre struck out swinging . Murphy fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez walked . Youkilis doubled to left , Gonzalez to third . Ortiz singled to shallow right , Gonzalez scored , Youkilis to third . McDonald hit sacrifice fly to right , Youkilis scored . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Bowden pitching for Red Sox . Napoli homered to center ( 446 feet ) . Moreland flied out to right . Gentry grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Andrus walked . Hamilton grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Scutaro grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Aviles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 11 - Red Sox 4 .	Rangers rip Red Sox with 7 - run sixth \n\n