Orioles - Top 1st . Bedard pitching for Red Sox . Andino flied out to center . Hardy grounded out to second . Markakis singled to left . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . VandenHurk pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia hit ground rule double to deep right . Gonzalez doubled to center , Pedroia scored . Ortiz walked . Reddick struck out swinging . Crawford singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Ortiz to second . Scutaro flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Bedard pitching for Red Sox . Wieters popped out to second . Jones singled to center . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . VandenHurk pitching for Orioles . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Aviles walked . Ellsbury lined into double play , second to first , Aviles doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Bedard pitching for Red Sox . Reimold popped out to first . Andino singled to left . Hardy popped out to shortstop . Markakis doubled to deep center , Andino scored . Guerrero safe at first on error by right fielder Reddick , Markakis scored . Wieters walked , Guerrero to second . Jones walked , Guerrero to third , Wieters to second . Reynolds singled to left , Guerrero and Wieters scored , Jones to second . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Davis flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . VandenHurk pitching for Orioles . Pedroia doubled to left center . Gonzalez homered to left , Pedroia scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . Reddick struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Reimold flied out to center . Andino singled to left . Hardy struck out looking . Andino to second on wild pitch by Atchison . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . VandenHurk pitching for Orioles . Scutaro walked . Saltalamacchia singled to left , Scutaro to third . Aviles singled to left , Scutaro scored , Saltalamacchia to second . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury singled to center , Saltalamacchia to third , Aviles to second . Pedroia struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Saltalamacchia out at home , Aviles to third , Ellsbury to second , Aviles scored , Ellsbury to third on error by first baseman Reynolds . Ortiz struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero singled to center . Wieters struck out swinging . Guerrero caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jones singled to left . Jones caught stealing second , catcher to second . Reynolds batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Reddick struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds struck out looking . Davis struck out swinging . Reimold hit by pitch . Reimold stole second . Andino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Aviles doubled to deep center . Ellsbury flied out to center . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez singled to left . Rapada pitching for Orioles . Ortiz flied out to center . Lowrie hit for Reddick . Eyre pitching for Orioles . Lowrie flied out to center . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . McDonald in right field . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Wieters singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to left , Wieters to second . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out looking . Reimold singled to shallow left , Wieters to third , Reynolds to second . Andino doubled to deep right , Wieters , Reynolds and Reimold scored . Andino stole third . Hardy fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Angle in left field . Strop pitching for Orioles . Scutaro struck out looking . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Aviles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Doubront pitching for Red Sox . Markakis reached on bunt single to third . Guerrero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . Wieters walked . Jones singled to center , Wieters to second . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury reached first base on catcher 's interference . Ellsbury batting . Pedroia grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ellsbury out at second . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 7 - Red Sox 5 .	Red Sox fail to extend lead