Red Sox - Top 1st . Simon pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury popped out to shortstop . Pedroia grounded out to third . Ortiz walked . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Andino struck out looking . Hardy doubled to deep right . Markakis struck out looking . Guerrero grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Simon pitching for Orioles . Lavarnway grounded out to pitcher . Drew singled to right . Scutaro popped out to shortstop . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Wieters flied out to right . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Simon pitching for Orioles . Aviles walked . Ellsbury singled to left , Aviles to second . Pedroia singled to center , Aviles scored , Ellsbury to second . Ortiz grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Pedroia out at second , Ellsbury to third . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Lavarnway struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Davis walked . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Davis out at second . Andino grounded out to third , Reimold to second . Hardy homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Reimold scored . Markakis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Scutaro doubled to deep left . Crawford grounded out to shortstop , Scutaro to third . Scutaro scored on Simon 's balk . Aviles safe at first on error by third baseman Davis . Aviles caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ellsbury batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded out to third . Wieters struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Pedroia homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Ortiz singled to deep right . Patton pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Ortiz to second . Lavarnway lined out to left . Drew flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds doubled to right center . Davis grounded out to second , Reynolds to third . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at home . Andino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Scutaro grounded out to third . Crawford flied out to left . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Hardy walked . Markakis walked , Hardy to second . Guerrero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second , Hardy to third . Wieters walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury flied out to right . Pedroia walked . Ortiz singled to center , Pedroia to third , Ortiz out stretching at second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Eyre pitching for Orioles . Lavarnway grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds hit by pitch . Davis flied out to left . Reimold hit by pitch , Reynolds to second . Andino struck out swinging . Hardy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Orioles . Drew grounded out to first . Scutaro singled to right . Crawford doubled to deep left , Scutaro thrown out at home . Aviles fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero flied out to center . Wieters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Angle in left field . Reimold in right field . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds . Ellsbury stole second . Pedroia singled to right , Ellsbury to third . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Pedroia out at second . Gathright ran for Ortiz . Gonzalez intentionally walked , Gathright to second . Lavarnway grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . Davis doubled to deep right . Hudson ran for Davis . Reimold hit ground rule double to deep center , Hudson scored . Andino singled to left , Reimold scored . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Orioles 4 .	Walk off and out : Red Sox lose