Phillies - Top 1st . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Hoskins safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Gyorko . Herrera struck out swinging . Santana singled to right , Hoskins scored . Franco fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Pham struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to center . Martínez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Williams struck out swinging . Kingery struck out swinging . Knapp lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Ozuna popped out to second . Gyorko struck out swinging . Wong popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Eflin struck out swinging . Hernández walked . Hernández stole second . Hoskins struck out looking . Herrera homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Hernández scored . Santana flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . O'Neill lined out to left . Baron struck out swinging . Gant struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Franco grounded out to third . Williams struck out swinging . Kingery grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Pham singled to left . Pham stole second . Carpenter walked . Martínez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pham out at third , Carpenter to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carpenter scored on throwing error by first baseman Santana , Martínez safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Santana . Gyorko singled to left , Martínez and Ozuna scored . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gyorko out at second . Wong to second on wild pitch by Eflin . O'Neill walked . Baron flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Knapp struck out swinging . Eflin reached on infield single to pitcher . Hernández singled to left center , Eflin to second . Hoskins walked , Eflin to third , Hernández to second . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eflin scored , Hoskins out at second , Hernández to third , Hernández scored on throwing error by shortstop Gyorko . Santana walked , Herrera to second . Franco grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Fowler hit for Cecil . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Fowler doubled to left . Pham flied out to right , Fowler to third . Carpenter walked . Martínez hit sacrifice fly to right , Fowler scored . Kingery at third base . Florimón at shortstop . García pitching for Phillies . Ozuna flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Williams struck out looking . Kingery fouled out to catcher . Knapp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Gyorko popped out to shortstop . Wong bunt grounded out to first . O'Neill homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Baron singled to shallow left . Garcia hit for Tuivailala . Garcia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Florimón grounded out to shortstop . Hernández reached on bunt single to pitcher . Hoskins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernández out at second . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Hunter pitching for Phillies . Pham reached on infield single to third , Pham to second on throwing error by third baseman Kingery . Carpenter doubled to right , Pham scored . Martínez grounded out to shortstop , Carpenter to third . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at home . Gyorko flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 8th . Carpenter at first base . Gyorko at third base . Muñoz at shortstop . Holland pitching for Cardinals . Santana grounded out to first . Altherr hit for Hunter . Altherr struck out swinging . Williams walked . Kingery tripled to left , Williams scored . Alfaro hit for Knapp . Alfaro reached on infield single to shortstop , Kingery scored . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Alfaro to second on passed ball by Baron . Florimón walked . Hernández struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Altherr in right field . Alfaro catching . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Wong grounded out to third . O'Neill lined out to first . Baron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Hoskins struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to first . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Muñoz flied out to right . Pham struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 7 - Cardinals 6 .	Hererra homers to help Phillies beat Cardinals 7 - 6