Cardinals - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Martínez struck out swinging . O'Neill homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Carpenter scored . DeJong singled to center . Gyorko singled to left , DeJong to second . Bader doubled to left , DeJong scored , Gyorko to third . Muñoz intentionally walked . Gomber reached on infield single to second , Gyorko and Bader scored , Muñoz to second . Carpenter doubled to right , Muñoz scored , Gomber to third . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu struck out swinging . González struck out swinging . Arenado lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Martínez grounded out to second . O'Neill lined out to center . DeJong flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Story flied out to left . Holliday singled to right . Desmond doubled to center , Holliday to third , Holliday scored , Desmond to third on throwing error by center fielder Bader . Dahl fouled out to third . Iannetta walked . Bettis struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Gyorko singled to left center , Gyorko to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Bader grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gyorko to third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gyorko scored , Bader out at second . Gomber sacrificed to third , Muñoz to second . Carpenter doubled to center , Muñoz scored . Molina singled to center , Carpenter scored . Martínez doubled to left , Molina scored . O'Neill struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . LeMahieu doubled to deep right . González struck out swinging . Arenado singled to left , LeMahieu to third . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LeMahieu scored , Arenado out at second . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . DeJong struck out swinging . Gyorko flied out to center . Bader flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Desmond flied out to left . Dahl grounded out to first . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Muñoz grounded out to shortstop . Gomber grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Rusin singled to center . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rusin out at second . González lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Molina popped out to second . Martínez singled to center . O'Neill singled to left , Martínez to second . Martínez to third , O'Neill to second on wild pitch by Rusin . DeJong walked . Gyorko batting . Bader hit sacrifice fly to right , O'Neill scored , DeJong to third . Muñoz grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Arenado flied out to center . Story lined out to left . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . McMahon at third base . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Gomber grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter doubled to deep right center . Molina singled to left , Carpenter to third . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Desmond walked . Dahl lined out to center . Iannetta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Wolters in left field . Holliday at first base . Desmond at shortstop . Shaw pitching for Rockies . O'Neill struck out swinging . DeJong lined out to center . Gyorko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Peña catching . Ross pitching for Cardinals . McMahon lined out to center . LeMahieu singled to center . González doubled to deep right , LeMahieu to third . Parra hit for Shaw . Parra grounded out to first , LeMahieu scored , González to third . Wolters grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Bader struck out swinging . Muñoz grounded out to second . Adams hit for Ross . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Holliday lined out to left . Desmond popped out to third . Dahl flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Rockies 3 .	Carpenter ties Cards record with 4 2Bs in rout of Rockies