Dodgers - Top 1st . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Taylor singled to left . Turner fouled out to right . Machado singled to center , Taylor to second . Taylor to third , Machado to second on wild pitch by Gomber . Freese tripled to left , Taylor and Machado scored . Kemp singled to right center , Freese scored . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kemp out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Carpenter singled to right center . Muñoz doubled to deep right , Carpenter to third . Martínez struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to second , Carpenter scored , Muñoz to third . DeJong struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Hernández walked . Barnes struck out looking . Kershaw bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hernández out at second . Taylor flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Gyorko struck out swinging . Molina walked . Bader struck out looking . Gomber singled to left , Molina to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Turner doubled to deep left center . Machado doubled to right , Turner scored . Freese struck out looking . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Dozier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Muñoz struck out looking . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Gomber pitching for Cardinals . Hernández singled to left . Barnes singled to left center , Hernández to second . Kershaw singled to shallow left , Hernández scored , Barnes to second . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Taylor doubled to deep right center , Barnes scored , Kershaw to third . Turner hit sacrifice fly to center , Kershaw scored , Taylor to third . Machado hit sacrifice fly to center , Taylor scored . Freese struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . DeJong grounded out to third . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Molina lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Peña catching . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Kemp grounded out to third . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Bader struck out swinging . Ross homered to center ( 396 feet ) . Carpenter reached on bunt single to catcher . Muñoz singled to left center , Carpenter to second . Martínez safe at first on error by first baseman Freese , Carpenter to third , Muñoz to second . Ozuna singled to left , Carpenter scored , Muñoz to third , Martínez to second . DeJong hit sacrifice fly to center , Muñoz scored . Gyorko lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Ross pitching for Cardinals . Barnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Kershaw sacrificed to catcher , Barnes to second . Barnes caught stealing third , catcher to third . Taylor lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Peña grounded out to shortstop . Bader doubled to left . O'Neill hit for Ross . O'Neill walked . Carpenter fouled out to third . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , O'Neill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Turner struck out looking . Machado homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Bellinger hit for Freese . Bellinger flied out to center . Kemp singled to deep left . Dozier grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Bellinger at first base . Verdugo in right field . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Martínez struck out swinging . Ozuna doubled to deep center . DeJong singled to right center , Ozuna scored . Gyorko singled to left , DeJong thrown out at third . Peña struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Hernández reached on infield single to third . Grandal hit for Barnes . Grandal struck out swinging . Verdugo singled to right , Hernández to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Verdugo out at second , Hernández to third . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Grandal catching . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Bader struck out swinging . Garcia hit for Mayers . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Wisdom hit for Garcia . Wisdom flied out to right . Carpenter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Machado flied out to left . Bellinger singled to right . Puig hit for Ferguson . Puig flied out to right . Dozier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Muñoz walked . Martínez singled to right , Muñoz to second . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . DeJong walked , Muñoz to third , Martínez to second . Gyorko grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Muñoz scored , DeJong out at second , Martínez to third , Martínez scored on throwing error by shortstop Machado . Poncedeleon ran for Gyorko . Adams hit for Peña . García ran for Poncedeleon . Adams grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Cardinals 7 .	Machado drives in 3 runs , Dodgers top Cardinals 9 - 7