Giants - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded out to second . Panik singled to right center . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Carpenter struck out looking . Martínez lined out to right . DeJong doubled to deep right . Ozuna popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pence lined out to center . Shaw flied out to right . Hanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Gyorko reached on infield single to shortstop . Molina flied out to right . Bader singled to left , Gyorko to second . Muñoz lined out to left . Wainwright singled to left , Gyorko scored , Bader to second , Bader thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Garcia doubled to shallow left . Rodríguez grounded out to second , Garcia to third . Blanco struck out swinging . Panik singled to center , Garcia scored . Longoria grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Carpenter singled to right . Martínez grounded out to second , Carpenter to second . DeJong singled to center , Carpenter scored . Ozuna grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJong out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Crawford popped out to third . Pence struck out swinging . Shaw struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Bader grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hanson struck out swinging . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodríguez sacrificed to first , Garcia to second . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Muñoz struck out swinging . Wainwright flied out to left . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Panik grounded out to first . Longoria flied out to right . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Martínez flied out to center . DeJong grounded out to third . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pence singled to right . Shaw flied out to center . Hanson singled to shallow left , Pence to third , Hanson to second on throwing error by left fielder Ozuna . Garcia singled to center , Pence and Hanson scored , Garcia to second on error by center fielder Bader . Rodríguez singled to left , Garcia to third . O'Neill in right field . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia scored , Rodríguez out at second . Panik batting . Longoria popped out to second . Panik reached on infield single to third , Blanco to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Gyorko walked . Molina homered to left ( 402 feet ) , Gyorko scored . Dyson pitching for Giants . Bader grounded out to pitcher . Muñoz grounded out to second . O'Neill flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Cardinals . Crawford grounded out to second . Pence popped out to first . Shaw walked . Hernández ran for Shaw . Hanson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Blanco in left field . Hernández in center field . Watson pitching for Giants . Carpenter struck out looking . Wisdom hit for Hudson . Wisdom struck out looking . DeJong flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Martínez pitching for Cardinals . Garcia singled to center . Tomlinson hit for Watson . d'Arnaud ran for Garcia . Tomlinson sacrificed to pitcher , d'Arnaud to second . Blanco grounded out to second , d'Arnaud to third . Panik intentionally walked . Longoria flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Hundley catching . Black pitching for Giants . Ozuna flied out to left . Gyorko grounded out to second . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 10th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Crawford struck out swinging . Pence reached on infield single to third . Hernández safe at first on error by first baseman Carpenter , Pence advanced to second on Carpenter error , Pence to third on throwing error by first baseman Carpenter . Hanson struck out swinging , Hernández stole second . Hundley intentionally walked . Slater hit for Black . Slater struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 10th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Bader flied out to right . Muñoz lined out to center . O'Neill homered to left ( 414 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 4 - Cardinals 5 .	O'Neill 's homer in 10th lifts Cardinals over Giants 5 - 4