Cardinals - Top 1st . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Carpenter struck out swinging . Martínez lined out to right . DeJong fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Murphy singled to center . Zobrist walked , Murphy to second . Rizzo singled to center , Murphy scored , Zobrist to third . Báez struck out swinging . Heyward safe at first on error by second baseman Wong , Zobrist scored , Rizzo to second . Bryant struck out swinging . Contreras struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Ozuna singled to center . Gyorko grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ozuna out at second . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hendricks grounded out to pitcher . Bote struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Wong singled to right . Bader singled to center , Wong to second . Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher , Wong to third , Bader to second . Carpenter flied out to left . Martínez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . Rizzo fouled out to third . Báez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . DeJong grounded out to third . Ozuna grounded out to third . Gyorko grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Heyward grounded out to first . Bryant homered to center ( 448 feet ) . Contreras lined out to second . Hendricks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Wong walked . Bader grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wong out at second . Bader picked off first . Wainwright batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Bote struck out swinging . Murphy doubled to left . Zobrist reached on bunt single to first , Murphy to third . Rizzo hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Báez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Garcia hit for Wainwright . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Garcia grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter hit by pitch . Martínez doubled to deep right , Carpenter to third . DeJong grounded out to third , Carpenter scored . Ozuna singled to left , Martínez scored . Gyorko flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Heyward lined out to center . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Bryant grounded out to first . Contreras flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Molina grounded out to third . Wong doubled to deep left center . Bader safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bote . Adams hit for Brebbia . Adams struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Hendricks walked . Bote reached on infield single to third , Hendricks to second , Hendricks to third , Bote to second on throwing error by third baseman Gyorko . Shreve pitching for Cardinals . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left , Hendricks scored . Zobrist flied out to left . Rizzo flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Almora Jr. in center field . Zobrist at second base . Heyward in right field . Hendricks pitching for Cubs . Martínez flied out to right . DeJong doubled to left . Ozuna grounded out to second , DeJong to third . Gyorko walked . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Báez struck out swinging . Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop . Bryant hit by pitch , Heyward to second . Contreras grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Heyward out at third , Bryant to second , Bryant to third , Contreras to second on throwing error by third baseman Gyorko . La Stella hit for Hendricks . La Stella walked . Bote walked , Bryant scored , Contreras to third , La Stella to second . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Almora Jr. singled to right , Contreras and La Stella scored , Bote to third . Zobrist flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . De La Rosa pitching for Cubs . Muñoz hit for Wong . Muñoz singled to left , Muñoz to third on throwing error by left fielder Bryant . Bader flied out to right . O'Neill hit for Leone . O'Neill reached on infield single to third , Muñoz scored . Carpenter flied out to left . O'Neill to second on fielder 's indifference . Martínez safe at first on error by shortstop Báez , O'Neill scored . DeJong struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Cubs 8 .	Hendricks , Bryant lead way as Cubs beat Cardinals 8 - 4