Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Drew struck out swinging . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop . Hudson struck out swinging . Byrnes picked off first . Tracy batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles fouled out to second . Cruz Jr singled to right . Cruz Jr stole second . Giles walked . Gonzalez walked , Cruz Jr to third , Giles to second . Cameron hit sacrifice fly to left , Cruz Jr scored . Greene flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Tracy doubled to deep right . Hairston struck out looking . Jackson struck out looking . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan grounded out to shortstop . Bowen walked . Peavy sacrificed to pitcher , Bowen to second . Giles singled to right , Bowen scored . Cruz Jr walked , Giles to second . Giles flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Montero grounded out to first . Hernandez flied out to center . Drew struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez walked . Cameron struck out swinging . Greene singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Branyan doubled to right , Gonzalez scored , Greene to third . Bowen singled to center , Greene scored , Branyan to third . Peavy tripled to deep left center , Branyan and Bowen scored . Giles hit sacrifice fly to right , Peavy scored . Cruz Jr flied out to left . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . Hudson struck out swinging . Tracy walked . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Cameron doubled to left . Greene flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Jackson grounded out to third . Young homered to left . Montero flied out to center . Hernandez singled to right . Drew singled to center , Hernandez to second . Byrnes singled to left , Hernandez to third , Drew to second . Hudson singled to center , Hernandez and Drew scored , Byrnes to third . Tracy struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan lined out to second . Bowen struck out looking . Peavy doubled to left . Giles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Hairston fouled out to first . Jackson singled to right . Young singled to left center , Jackson to second . Clark hit for Hernandez . Montero singled to left center , Jackson scored , Young to second . Bell pitching for Padres . Clark walked , Young to third , Montero to second . Drew fouled out to third . Byrnes reached first base on catcher 's interference , Young scored , Montero to third , Clark to second . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Byrnes out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz Jr struck out looking . Giles struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to center . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Padres . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Hairston struck out looking . Tracy at first base . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Callaspo at third base . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene homered to left . Branyan flied out to left . Sledge hit for Bell . Bowen homered to right . Sledge struck out swinging . Giles walked . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz Jr walked , Giles to second . Hampson pitching for Padres . Giles struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hammock hit for Montero . Hampson pitching for Padres . Young singled to left . Hammock reached on infield single to pitcher , Young to second . Callaspo grounded out to first , Young to third , Hammock to second . Meredith pitching for Padres . Drew grounded out to second , Young scored , Hammock to third . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammock catching . Byrnes flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to right . Cameron walked , Gonzalez to second . Greene walked , Gonzalez to third , Cameron to second . Branyan walked , Gonzalez scored , Cameron to third , Greene to second . Blum hit for Meredith . Bowen grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Cameron scored , Greene out at third , Branyan to second . Rakers pitching for Padres . Blum grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bowen out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Rakers pitching for Padres . Hudson flied out to left . Tracy singled to left . Hairston grounded out to third , Tracy to second . Quentin hit for Nippert . Quentin lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Padres 11 .	Peavy snags first career triple in Padres victory