Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Byrnes doubled to left . Drew flied out to center . Hudson hit ground rule double to deep center , Byrnes scored . Quentin grounded out to third . Tracy walked . Clark grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts flied out to center . Vizquel flied out to right . Aurilia singled to center . Bonds singled to right center , Aurilia to second . Durham walked , Aurilia to third , Bonds to second . Molina walked , Aurilia scored , Bonds to third , Durham to second . Feliz safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson , Bonds and Durham scored , Molina to third . Winn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Young flied out to center . Montero hit by pitch . Davis sacrificed to pitcher , Montero to second . Byrnes lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Ortiz singled to center . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ortiz out at second . Vizquel flied out to right . Aurilia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Drew reached on infield single to second . Hudson doubled to deep center , Drew scored , Hudson thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Tracy walked . Clark grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonds struck out looking . Durham flied out to center . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Young hit ground rule double to left . Montero grounded out to second , Young to third . Davis grounded out to pitcher . Byrnes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop . Winn singled to left , Feliz to second . Feliz to third , Winn to second on wild pitch by Davis . Ortiz grounded out to second . Roberts flied out to center . Vizquel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Drew flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Quentin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Aurilia lined out to third . Bonds doubled to deep right . Durham grounded out to third . Molina singled to left , Bonds scored . Feliz grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Tracy singled to shallow left . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tracy out at second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clark out at second . Montero grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Winn flied out to center . Ortiz flied out to left . Jackson hit for Davis . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Ortiz pitching for Giants . Jackson popped out to first . Byrnes reached on infield single to third . Drew flied out to center . Hudson reached on infield single to second , Byrnes to second . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel singled to right center . Aurilia grounded into double play , second to first , Vizquel out at second . Taschner pitching for Giants . Linden in left field . Bonds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Tracy grounded out to second . Clark flied out to right . Schultz pitching for Diamondbacks . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Schultz pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham singled to left center . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Durham out at second . Benitez pitching for Giants . Feliz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Callaspo hit for Schultz . Benitez pitching for Giants . Montero walked . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Montero out at second . Callaspo to second on passed ball by Molina . Byrnes walked . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrnes out at second , Callaspo to third . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Giants 4 .	Ortiz stays calm , strikes back against D - Backs