Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Drew singled to right . Jackson grounded out to third , Drew to second . Hudson flied out to center , Drew to third . Byrnes fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth popped out to second . Bautista walked . Sanchez popped out to first . LaRoche doubled to deep right , Bautista scored . Bay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Reynolds homered to right . Quentin fouled out to catcher . Snyder popped out to third . Hammock singled to center . Owings singled to center , Hammock to second . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit grounded out to second . Nady popped out to second . Kelly singled to left . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth singled to left . Bautista grounded out to second , McLouth to second . Sanchez singled to right . LaRoche walked , McLouth to third , Sanchez to second . Bay walked , McLouth scored , Sanchez to third , LaRoche to second . Doumit walked , Sanchez scored , LaRoche to third , Bay to second . Nady singled to left , LaRoche scored , Bay to third , Doumit to second . Kelly popped out to second . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gorzelanny singled to right , Bay and Doumit scored , Nady to second . McLouth reached on infield single to second , Nady to third , Gorzelanny to second , Nady scored , Gorzelanny to third , McLouth to second on throwing error by second baseman Hudson . Bautista walked . Sanchez flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Reynolds flied out to left . Quentin walked . Snyder flied out to right . Hammock singled to left center , Quentin to second . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . Bay struck out looking . Doumit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Drew singled to left center . Jackson popped out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to third , Drew to second . Byrnes walked . Reynolds singled to left , Drew scored , Byrnes to second . Quentin walked , Byrnes to third , Reynolds to second . Snyder popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady doubled to deep left . Kelly grounded out to second , Nady to third . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . McLouth hit by pitch . Bautista fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hairston hit for Cruz . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hammock grounded out to third . Hairston grounded out to third . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez flied out to left . LaRoche grounded out to second . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Bay popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Jackson homered to left . Hudson walked . Byrnes lined out to left . Reynolds singled to left , Hudson to second . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second , Hudson to third . McLeary pitching for Pirates . Clark hit for Hammock . Snyder walked , Quentin to second . Callaspo hit for Medders . Clark homered to right , Hudson , Quentin and Snyder scored . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Callaspo in left field . Callaspo grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit grounded out to third . Castillo hit for Kelly . Nady singled to left . Eldred hit for McLeary . Castillo struck out swinging . Castillo at shortstop . Capps pitching for Pirates . Eldred struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Drew singled to center . Jackson singled to left , Drew to second . Hudson sacrificed to third , Drew to third , Jackson to second . Byrnes intentionally walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Quentin singled to center , Drew and Jackson scored , Byrnes to third . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quentin out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth doubled to deep right . Bautista struck out looking . Sanchez singled to center , McLouth to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . Bay singled to left , McLouth scored , Sanchez to second . Torres pitching for Pirates . Hernandez hit for Lyon . Doumit fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo struck out swinging . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Nady popped out to first . Paulino hit for Torres . Castillo lined out to right . Paulino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Pirates 8 .	Quentin caps D - Backs franchise record - tying rally