Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Byrnes singled to left . Byrnes to second on balk by Lieber . Jackson struck out looking . Hudson grounded out to second , Byrnes to third . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins doubled to right . Victorino popped out to shortstop . Utley grounded out to second , Rollins to third . Howard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Drew singled to left . Young doubled to left , Drew to third . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to right , Drew scored , Young to third . Montero singled to right , Young scored . Owings struck out swinging . Byrnes singled to center , Montero to second . Jackson doubled to deep right center , Montero scored , Byrnes to third . Hudson singled to center , Byrnes and Jackson scored . Reynolds doubled to deep right , Hudson to third . Drew flied out to center . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell lined out to left . Dobbs flied out to center . Rowand doubled to right . Ruiz singled to center , Rowand scored . Lieber walked , Ruiz to second . Rollins flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Young grounded out to first . Callaspo singled to right . Montero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Victorino struck out swinging . Utley singled to right . Howard singled to right , Utley to second . Burrell walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Dobbs popped out to second . Rowand grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Owings struck out swinging . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruiz singled to center . Lieber sacrificed to pitcher , Ruiz to second . Rollins grounded out to first , Ruiz to third . Victorino lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Hudson singled to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Drew lined out to right . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley singled to center . Howard grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Callaspo grounded out to second . Montero grounded out to first . Owings tripled to deep right . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrnes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Dobbs struck out swinging . Rowand walked . Rowand caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Jackson lined out to first . Hudson singled to right . Reynolds flied out to right . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Bourn in center field . Drew singled to right , Hudson to second . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Quentin in right field . Callaspo at third base . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Bourn reached on bunt single to third . Rollins flied out to right . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Victorino walked , Bourn to second . Bourn to third , Victorino to second on passed ball by Montero . Utley singled to center , Bourn and Victorino scored . Byrnes in center field . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston in left field . Howard walked , Utley to second . Geary pitching for Phillies . Werth in left field . Burrell grounded into double play , third to first , Utley out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Callaspo grounded out to second . Montero safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins . Montero to second on wild pitch by Geary . Hairston struck out swinging . Byrnes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dobbs , Montero to third . Jackson walked , Byrnes to second . Hudson singled to center , Montero and Byrnes scored , Jackson to third . Quentin hit by pitch , Hudson to second . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Drew tripled to deep center , Jackson , Hudson and Quentin scored . Pena struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Dobbs homered to right . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Ruiz struck out swinging . Bourn singled to center . Rollins grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Callaspo safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Howard . Montero singled to shallow left , Callaspo to second . Helms at first base . Hairston singled to left , Callaspo to third , Montero to second . Byrnes popped out to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Callaspo scored , Hairston out at second , Montero to third . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Victorino safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson . Utley doubled to deep right center , Victorino to third . Nunez hit for Condrey . Helms struck out looking . Nunez grounded out to shortstop , Victorino scored , Utley to third . Dobbs flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 11 - Phillies 5 .	Hudson 's 4 RBIs drive D - Backs to 6th straight win