Dodgers - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to right . Pierre struck out swinging . Martin homered to center , Furcal scored . Kent fouled out to first . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Kemp singled to right , Gonzalez to third . Kemp stole second . Loney lined out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Byrnes walked . Ojeda grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Byrnes out at second . Hudson walked , Ojeda to second . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu grounded out to second . Wolf reached on infield single to second . Furcal walked , Wolf to second . Pierre popped out to shortstop . Martin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Young flied out to right . Quentin flied out to left . Snyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Diamondbacks . Kent walked . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Kent to second . Kemp singled to center , Kent scored , Kemp to third on error by center fielder Young . Loney singled to left , Kemp scored . Abreu flied out to right . Wolf struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hairston hit for Ra Johnson . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Hairston doubled to left . Byrnes walked . Ojeda struck out swinging . Hudson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Byrnes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal struck out swinging . Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop . Martin doubled to deep left center , Pierre to third . Kent singled to center , Pierre and Martin scored , Kent to second advancing on throw . Gonzalez walked . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second , Kent to third . Loney flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Jackson walked . Reynolds struck out looking . Young singled to center , Jackson to third . Quentin hit sacrifice fly to right , Jackson scored . Snyder singled to left , Young to second . Tracy hit for Nippert . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu fouled out to right . Wolf singled to right . Furcal struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Byrnes struck out swinging . Ojeda popped out to second . Hudson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin reached on infield single to shortstop . Kent singled to left , Martin to second . Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Slaten , Martin to third , Kent to second . Kemp struck out swinging . Martin scored , Kent to third , Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Snyder . Loney walked . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left , Kent scored . Wolf grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Jackson grounded out to third . Reynolds flied out to right . Young flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal flied out to left . Pierre singled to right . Martin grounded out to third , Pierre to second . Kent reached on infield single to third , Pierre scored on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ethier in left field . Wolf pitching for Dodgers . Quentin doubled to left . Snyder walked . Clark hit for Pena . Clark walked , Quentin to third , Snyder to second . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Abreu at second base . Betemit at third base . Byrnes singled to center , Quentin and Snyder scored , Clark to second . Ojeda lined out to right , Clark to third . Hudson struck out looking . Jackson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Kemp flied out to right . Loney popped out to third . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Betemit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds doubled to left . Young grounded out to shortstop . Quentin grounded out to third , Reynolds to third . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal singled to center , Furcal to second on error by center fielder Young . Pierre popped out to second . Martin popped out to shortstop . Tomko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Tomko pitching for Dodgers . Clark flied out to right . Byrnes reached on infield single to second . Ojeda singled to center , Byrnes to second . Hudson doubled to left , Byrnes and Ojeda scored . Drew hit for Lyon . Drew walked . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Reynolds struck out swinging . Young popped out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Dodgers spoil Big Unit 's return , top D - backs