Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes flied out to left . Young popped out to third . Hudson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi struck out swinging . Miles flied out to right . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Tracy grounded out to second . Jackson flied out to center . Drew singled to center . Quentin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Duncan struck out looking . Rolen singled to left . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop , Rolen to second . Kennedy walked . Molina singled to center , Rolen scored , Kennedy to second . Looper grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Snyder grounded out to third . Webb grounded out to third . Byrnes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi lined out to third . Miles singled to left . Pujols singled to left , Miles to third , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Duncan walked . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Miles scored , Duncan out at second , Pujols to third . Ludwick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson flied out to left . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy flied out to center . Molina flied out to left . Looper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Jackson flied out to right . Drew flied out to right . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi flied out to center . Miles grounded out to third . Pujols grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Snyder homered to left . Webb grounded out to pitcher . Byrnes doubled to left . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson walked . Byrnes to third , Hudson to second on balk by Looper . Tracy singled to center , Byrnes and Hudson scored . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tracy out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Duncan walked . Rolen flied out to right . Ludwick singled to left , Duncan to third . Kennedy singled to right , Duncan scored , Ludwick to third . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kennedy out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Springer pitching for Cardinals . Drew grounded out to second . Quentin flied out to center . Schumaker hit for Springer . Snyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker reached on infield single to second . Taguchi hit by pitch , Schumaker to second . Byrnes in right field . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston in left field . Miles reached on infield single to shortstop , Schumaker to third , Taguchi to second . Pujols singled to right , Schumaker and Taguchi scored , Miles to third , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Duncan singled to right , Miles scored , Pujols to third . Rolen struck out swinging . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker in right field . Ludwick grounded into double play , second to first , Duncan out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Hairston grounded out to second . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy walked . Molina struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to center , Kennedy scored . Taguchi singled to right , Schumaker to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Schumaker scored on throwing error by first baseman Jackson , Taguchi safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Jackson . Pujols flied out to right , Taguchi to third . Duncan walked , Miles to second . Ryan hit for Franklin . Rolen tripled to deep left , Taguchi , Miles and Duncan scored . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Ryan flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Hudson struck out swinging . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Cardinals 11 .	Cards rally past Webb , D - backs