Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Young safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Miles . Hudson singled to left , Young to second . Byrnes popped out to second . Tracy safe at first on error by right fielder Encarnacion , Young to third , Hudson to second . Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right , Young scored , Hudson to third . Drew singled to right center , Hudson scored , Tracy to third . Hairston lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi flied out to center . Miles flied out to center . Pujols singled to center . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Montero singled to right . Petit bunted into double play , first to second to shortstop to second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Young homered to left . Hudson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen flied out to center . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy singled to center . Molina fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes walked . Tracy homered to right , Byrnes scored . Reynolds homered to center . Drew grounded out to second . Hairston doubled to deep center . Montero flied into double play , center to shortstop , Hairston doubled off second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Wellemeyer struck out looking . Taguchi fouled out to third . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Miles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Petit struck out swinging . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Pujols singled to center . Duncan walked , Pujols to second . Rolen flied out to center . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to second to first , Duncan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Tracy grounded out to catcher . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy grounded out to first . Molina flied out to right . Wells struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Drew struck out swinging . Hairston struck out looking . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Petit pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi singled to right . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Taguchi out at second . Pujols singled to left , Miles to second . Duncan walked , Miles to third , Pujols to second . Byrnes in left field . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin in right field . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to right , Miles scored , Pujols to third . Encarnacion lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Quentin struck out swinging . Young popped out to first . Hudson singled to shallow right . Hudson to second on wild pitch by Wells . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop , Hudson to third . Tracy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wells pitching for Cardinals . Reynolds grounded out to first . Jackson hit for Pena . Drew doubled to right . Jackson singled to shallow center , Drew scored . Montero flied out to center . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Taguchi grounded out to third . Miles grounded out to second . Pujols walked . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Duncan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Percival pitching for Cardinals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson lined out to right . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Rolen grounded out to third . Encarnacion singled to center . Encarnacion to second on fielder 's indifference . Kennedy popped out to shortstop . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Cardinals 1 .	Petit , three HRs help D - backs snap skid , top Cards