Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . DaVanon flied out to left . Hudson singled to left . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn popped out to shortstop . Counsell walked . Braun doubled to deep left , Counsell scored . Fielder flied out to right . Estrada grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Jackson struck out looking . Reynolds struck out looking . Drew flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins singled to center . Graffanino flied out to center . Gross popped out to shortstop . Gallardo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Young singled to left . Young caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first to second to pitcher . Montero grounded out to second . Hernandez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn flied out to right . Counsell singled to right . Braun flied out to center . Fielder walked , Counsell to second . Estrada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . DaVanon doubled to left . Hudson sacrificed to third , DaVanon to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . Jackson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins grounded out to second . Graffanino homered to center . Gross struck out swinging . Gallardo flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Reynolds walked . Drew grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn singled to center . Counsell walked , Gwynn to second . Braun popped out to third . Fielder grounded out to first , Gwynn to third , Counsell to second . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Hernandez flied out to center . DaVanon walked . Hudson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DaVanon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins singled to center . Graffanino walked , Jenkins to second . Gross struck out swinging . Hardy hit for Gallardo . Hardy walked , Jenkins to third , Graffanino to second . Gwynn singled to left center , Jenkins scored , Graffanino to third , Hardy to second . Counsell singled to right center , Graffanino and Hardy scored , Gwynn to third . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Byrnes struck out swinging . Jackson homered to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Drew walked . Drew stole second . Young popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Estrada singled to right . Jenkins walked , Estrada to second . Graffanino doubled to deep left center , Estrada and Jenkins scored . Gross homered to right , Graffanino scored . Wise reached on infield single to pitcher . Gwynn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wise out at second . Counsell struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Montero walked . Ojeda hit for Nippert . Ojeda struck out looking . DaVanon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Ojeda at second base . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston in left field . Fielder flied out to left . Estrada grounded out to second . Jenkins hit by pitch . Graffanino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Hairston batting . Clark hit for Ed Gonzalez . Clark doubled to deep right center . Jackson flied out to center , Clark to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Brewers 10 .	Graffanino blasts Brew Crew past Diamondbacks