Pirates - Top 1st . Kim pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth struck out swinging . Izturis tripled to deep right center . Sanchez singled to right center , Izturis scored . LaRoche singled to right , Sanchez to third , Sanchez scored , LaRoche to second on throwing error by right fielder Upton . Bay popped out to first . Doumit grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Young walked . Hudson singled to left , Young to second . Young stole third , Hudson stole second . Byrnes grounded out to first , Young scored , Hudson to third . Jackson singled to right center , Hudson scored . Upton flied out to center . Reynolds tripled to deep right , Jackson scored . Snyder doubled to left , Reynolds scored . Ojeda intentionally walked . Kim grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Kim pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Maholm struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Young grounded out to third . Hudson reached on infield single to pitcher . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hudson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Kim pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth homered to right . Izturis walked . Izturis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Sanchez singled to center . LaRoche singled to center , Sanchez to second . Bay hit by pitch , Sanchez to third , LaRoche to second . Doumit singled to right , Sanchez scored , LaRoche to third , Bay to second . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Paulino grounded out to third , LaRoche scored , Bay to third , Doumit to second . Wilson intentionally walked . Maholm struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Jackson flied out to right . Upton struck out looking . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . McLouth flied out to center . Izturis grounded out to second . Sanchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Snyder flied out to left . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Ed Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche singled to left center . Bay singled to center , LaRoche to second . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bay out at second , LaRoche to third . Doumit caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first . Paulino walked . Wilson walked , Paulino to second . Maholm flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Maholm pitching for Pirates . Young singled to left . Hudson sacrificed to first , Young to second , Hudson safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Maholm . Young to third on throwing error by pitcher Maholm . Byrnes reached on infield single to shortstop , Young scored . Jackson flied out to left . Hudson stole third , Byrnes stole second . Upton intentionally walked . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder walked , Hudson scored , Byrnes to third , Upton to second . Ojeda flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew at shortstop . McLouth hit by pitch . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McLouth safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McLouth out at third , Izturis to second . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Drew walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Drew out at second . Hudson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay struck out swinging . Doumit walked . Paulino flied out to center . Wilson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Izturis at shortstop . Torres pitching for Pirates . Bautista at third base . Byrnes walked . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Byrnes to second . Upton struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to center , Byrnes scored . Snyder homered to left , Reynolds scored . Pena struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Clark at first base . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Bautista walked . McLouth bunt popped out to first . Izturis popped out to shortstop . Sanchez walked , Bautista to second . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . LaRoche hit ground rule double to deep center , Bautista scored , Sanchez to third . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Bay flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Osoria pitching for Pirates . Drew walked . Young lined out to third . Hudson singled to center , Drew to second . Byrnes struck out swinging . Clark singled to center , Drew scored , Hudson to third . Upton flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Doumit grounded out to first . Paulino flied out to left . Phelps hit for Osoria . Phelps flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 10 .	D - backs continue hot streak with win over Pirates