Nationals - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez grounded out to second . Logan grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Chico pitching for Nationals . Young struck out swinging . Hudson singled to left . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson out at second . Jackson homered to left , Byrnes scored . Upton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kearns lined out to shortstop . Church walked . Belliard grounded out to shortstop , Church to second . Schneider flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Reynolds struck out swinging . Drew flied out to center . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Fick doubled to deep right . Chico sacrificed to catcher , Fick to third . Lopez grounded out to second , Fick scored . Logan flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Chico pitching for Nationals . Hernandez doubled to deep right center . Young struck out swinging . Hudson walked . Byrnes grounded out to first , Hernandez to third , Hudson to second . Jackson walked . Upton walked , Hernandez scored , Hudson to third , Jackson to second . Reynolds walked , Hudson scored , Jackson to third , Upton to second . Drew struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . Kearns singled to left . Church flied out to left . Belliard popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Montero popped out to shortstop . Hernandez popped out to second . Young walked . Young stole second . Hudson fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider singled to center . Fick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Schneider out at second . Chico lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Chico pitching for Nationals . Byrnes popped out to second . Jackson singled to center . Upton grounded out to third , Jackson to second . Jackson stole third . Reynolds walked . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez homered to right . Logan bunt grounded out to first . Zimmerman homered to right . Kearns homered to left . Church flied out to left . Belliard lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Schroder pitching for Nationals . Montero flied out to left . Hernandez popped out to second . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider flied out to left . Fick fouled out to third . Jimenez hit for Schroder . Jimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Hudson walked . Byrnes walked , Hudson to second . Jackson sacrificed to third , Hudson to third , Byrnes to second . Upton intentionally walked . Reynolds singled to right , Hudson and Byrnes scored , Upton to third . King pitching for Nationals . Drew walked , Reynolds to second . Montero singled to center , Upton and Reynolds scored , Drew to third . Cirillo hit for Hernandez . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Cirillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drew scored , Montero out at second . Young fouled out to first . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Lopez walked . Logan reached on infield single to shortstop , Lopez to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Logan out at second , Lopez to third . Kearns grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Hudson singled to right . Byrnes fouled out to catcher . Jackson homered to left , Hudson scored . Upton struck out looking . Reynolds singled to right . Drew safe at first on error by first baseman Fick , Reynolds to second . Montero lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at second base . Church grounded out to shortstop . Belliard singled to left . Schneider flied out to right . Flores hit for Fick . Flores popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Diamondbacks 11 .	D - backs get 7 unanswered to continue hot streak