Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Hudson grounded out to third . Byrnes fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez flied out to right . De Aza safe at first on error by right fielder Upton . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Clark singled to center . Upton flied out to right . Reynolds singled to right , Clark to second . Snyder struck out swinging . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Jacobs doubled to deep center . Uggla struck out looking . Olivo struck out swinging . Ross intentionally walked . Mitre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded out to catcher . Young struck out swinging . Hudson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . De Aza grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Byrnes singled to center . Byrnes stole second . Clark walked . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Clark out at second , Byrnes to third . Reynolds singled to center , Byrnes scored . Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Mitre . Snyder grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Willingham singled to center . Jacobs singled to center , Willingham to second . Uggla struck out swinging . Willingham stole third , Jacobs stole second . Olivo grounded out to third , Willingham scored . Ross intentionally walked . Mitre flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Drew singled to right . Davis bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Drew out at second . Young flied out to center . Hudson singled to right , Davis to second . Byrnes doubled to deep center , Davis and Hudson scored . Clark grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez singled to right . De Aza lined out to third . Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Davis . Ramirez caught stealing third , pitcher to third to second . Cabrera walked . Willingham flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Mitre pitching for Marlins . Upton grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds singled to right . Snyder homered to left center , Reynolds scored . Drew singled to center . Davis sacrificed to first , Drew to second . Young struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Diamondbacks . Jacobs doubled to deep right center . Uggla reached on infield single to third , Jacobs to third , Uggla to second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Olivo lined out to center . Ross homered to left , Jacobs and Uggla scored . Linden hit for Mitre . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Linden lined out to first . Ramirez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Marlins . Hudson singled to right . Byrnes doubled to left , Hudson to third . Clark intentionally walked . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hudson scored , Byrnes to third , Clark to second . Byrnes scored , Clark to third , Upton to second on balk by Miller . Clark scored , Upton to third on wild pitch by Miller . Reynolds struck out swinging . Snyder struck out swinging . Drew intentionally walked . Salazar hit for Lyon . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Salazar singled to right , Upton scored , Drew to third . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Salazar out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . De Aza struck out looking . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Willingham grounded out to third . Jacobs singled to shallow right , Cabrera scored . Uggla singled to center , Jacobs to second . Olivo hit ground rule double to deep center , Jacobs scored , Uggla to third . Ross struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Hudson singled to left . Byrnes lined out to left . Clark flied out to center . Upton singled to right , Hudson to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Peguero pitching for Diamondbacks . Hermida hit for Lindstrom . Hermida grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez walked . De Aza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Snyder struck out looking . Drew flied out to right . Jackson hit for Peguero . Jackson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . Jacobs walked . Uggla flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Marlins 6 .	Streaking D - backs rough up Mitre , beat Marlins