Rockies - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Hudson struck out looking . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Atkins reached on infield single to second . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins to second . Spilborghs singled to center , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Torrealba grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Spilborghs out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Drew singled to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Montero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jimenez fouled out to first . Matsui grounded out to first . Tulowitzki tripled to deep center . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out looking . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton hit ground rule double to first . Atkins struck out swinging . Hawpe struck out swinging . Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Hudson grounded out to third . Byrnes struck out swinging . Jackson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrealba flied out to right . Jimenez reached on infield single to second . Matsui sacrificed to catcher , Jimenez to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Drew fouled out to third . Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Jimenez . Montero grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Holliday to second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds . Helton singled to left center , Holliday to third . Atkins walked , Helton to second . Hawpe fouled out to third . Spilborghs lined out to third . Torrealba grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Upton flied out to center . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Young hit ground rule double to left . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Clark at first base . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Jimenez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui doubled to right center . Tulowitzki flied out to right , Matsui to third . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Clark grounded out to third . Drew walked . Reynolds hit by pitch , Drew to second . Montero homered to left , Drew and Reynolds scored . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Upton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Cirillo at third base . Helton singled to left . Atkins lined out to left . Hawpe doubled to right , Helton to third . Stewart hit for Spilborghs . Stewart struck out swinging . Torrealba walked . Sullivan hit for Hawkins . Sullivan singled to center , Helton and Hawpe scored , Torrealba to third . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sullivan out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Sullivan in center field . Cirillo flied out to right . Young flied out to center . Hudson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Helton reached on infield single to shortstop . Carroll ran for Helton . Atkins singled to center , Carroll scored . Hawpe walked , Atkins to second . Barmes hit for Fuentes . Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Torrealba struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Carroll at third base . Atkins at first base . Barmes at shortstop . Byrnes flied out to center . Clark popped out to shortstop . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 10th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan tripled to deep center . Matsui safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Pena , Sullivan scored . Herges struck out swinging . Holliday intentionally walked . Carroll hit by pitch , Matsui to third , Holliday to second . Atkins hit sacrifice fly to left , Matsui scored , Holliday to third , Carroll to second . Slaten pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe singled to right , Holliday and Carroll scored . Hawpe to second on wild pitch by Slaten . Barmes lined out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Ojeda hit for Slaten . Ojeda grounded out to first . Montero lined out to left . Upton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Diamondbacks 3 .	D - backs fall in 10th