Rockies - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras grounded out to first . Matsui struck out looking . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Dessens pitching for Rockies . Young flied out to left . Hudson doubled to deep left . Byrnes doubled to left , Hudson scored . Clark grounded out to pitcher , Byrnes to third . Drew grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton singled to left center . Atkins flied out to right . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Helton out at second . Spilborghs grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Dessens pitching for Rockies . Snyder walked . Reynolds singled to right , Snyder to second . Salazar doubled to left , Snyder and Reynolds scored . Eveland sacrificed to third , Salazar to third . Young doubled to left , Salazar scored . Hudson walked . Byrnes singled to left center , Young scored , Hudson to second . Ortiz pitching for Rockies . Clark homered to center , Hudson and Byrnes scored . Drew flied out to center . Snyder struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta singled to right center . Ortiz walked , Iannetta to second . Iannetta to third , Ortiz to second on wild pitch by Eveland . Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop , Iannetta scored , Ortiz to third . Matsui grounded out to pitcher , Taveras to second . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to right , Ortiz scored , Taveras to third . Helton walked . Atkins singled to right , Taveras scored , Helton to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right , Helton and Atkins scored . Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Spilborghs grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Rockies . Reynolds popped out to shortstop . Salazar singled to right . Ed Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Salazar to second . Young doubled to left , Salazar scored . Young stole third . Hudson walked . Julio pitching for Rockies . Hawpe in right field . Byrnes singled to left , Young scored , Hudson to third . Byrnes stole second . Clark singled to right , Hudson and Byrnes scored . Drew grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta flied out to right . Hawpe struck out swinging . Taveras flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Snyder struck out swinging . Reynolds doubled to center . Reynolds to third on wild pitch by Julio . Salazar struck out looking . Ed Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Matsui struck out swinging . Holliday reached on infield single to pitcher . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Hudson struck out looking . Byrnes walked . Clark grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki popped out to catcher . Carroll hit for Julio . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta singled to right . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Carroll at shortstop . Drew struck out looking . Snyder flied out to center . Reynolds singled to center . Salazar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Taveras singled to center . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Taveras out at second . Holliday flied out to right . Helton doubled to deep center , Matsui scored . Atkins singled to left , Helton scored . Stewart hit for Affeldt . Stewart struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Cirillo hit for Nippert . Sullivan in center field . Barmes at second base . Herges pitching for Rockies . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to center . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll walked . Iannetta popped out to second . Hawpe walked , Carroll to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . Barmes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Herges pitching for Rockies . Byrnes flied out to left . Clark grounded out to second . Drew homered to right . Snyder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop . Helton fouled out to left . Atkins flied out to right . Koshansky hit for Herges . Koshansky grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 7 - Diamondbacks 13 .	Clark , D - backs rout Rockies to stay atop NL West