Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Byrnes struck out swinging . Upton flied out to left . Jackson singled to center . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts flied out to center . Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Reynolds homered to left . Snyder homered to left . Drew struck out swinging . Ojeda walked . Webb struck out bunting foul . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Durham grounded out to second . Molina popped out to second . Ortmeier grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Upton struck out looking . Jackson walked . Young struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Feliz grounded out to third . Vizquel grounded out to second . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Snyder hit by pitch . Drew singled to center , Snyder to second . Ojeda singled to left , Snyder to third , Drew to second . Atchison pitching for Giants . Webb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snyder out at home , Drew to third , Ojeda to second . Byrnes hit sacrifice fly to center , Drew scored , Ojeda to third . Upton lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts tripled to deep center . Schierholtz singled to right , Roberts scored . Schierholtz stole second . Winn sacrificed to catcher , Schierholtz to third . Durham grounded out to first , Schierholtz scored . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Atchison pitching for Giants . Jackson struck out swinging . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Reynolds walked , Young to second . Snyder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Ortmeier grounded out to second . Feliz grounded out to third . Vizquel reached on bunt single to pitcher . Atchison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Atchison pitching for Giants . Drew lined out to center . Ojeda reached on bunt single to first . Webb sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , Ojeda to second . Byrnes singled to left , Ojeda to third , Webb to second . Munter pitching for Giants . Upton doubled to left , Ojeda and Webb scored , Byrnes to third . Jackson singled to left center , Byrnes and Upton scored . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jackson out at second . Young stole second . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts singled to center . Schierholtz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Roberts out at second . Winn doubled to deep right , Schierholtz scored . Durham reached on infield single to first , Winn to third . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Winn scored , Durham to second . Ortmeier reached on infield single to second , Durham to third . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortmeier out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Misch pitching for Giants . Klesko at first base . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Drew popped out to second . Ojeda lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Vizquel grounded out to first . Klesko grounded out to second . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Quentin hit for Webb . Misch pitching for Giants . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes lined out to pitcher . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Quentin in right field . Schierholtz popped out to third . Winn grounded out to first . Durham grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Threets pitching for Giants . Clark walked . Young walked , Clark to second . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop , Clark to third , Young to second . Snyder fouled out to first . Drew hit ground rule double to deep left center , Clark and Young scored . Ojeda grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina singled to center . Rodriguez ran for Molina . Velez hit for Threets . Velez lined out to center . Feliz struck out looking . Vizquel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Giants 4 .	D - backs ' Webb locks down Giants to get 16th win