Orioles - Top 1st. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts fouled out to third. Mora reached on infield single to second. Tejada doubled to deep center, Mora thrown out at home. Sosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto struck out looking. Zaun grounded out to first. Hillenbrand singled to left. Hillenbrand to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Koskie walked. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hillenbrand out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Lopez doubled to right. Gibbons singled to center, Lopez scored. Matos grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gibbons out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hinske grounded out to first. Rios struck out swinging. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Bigbie struck out looking. Roberts bunt grounded out to second. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Adams walked. Catalanotto walked, Adams to second. Zaun doubled to deep right, Adams and Catalanotto scored. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop, Zaun to third. Koskie homered to right center, Zaun scored. Wells grounded out to third. Hinske struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada homered to left. Sosa grounded out to third. Palmeiro singled to right. Lopez homered to left, Palmeiro scored. Gibbons flied out to center. Matos grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Rios reached on infield single to shortstop. Hudson singled to left, Rios to second. Adams sacrificed to pitcher, Rios to third, Hudson to second. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Zaun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Bigbie struck out looking. Roberts flied out to center. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Koskie grounded out to first. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada struck out looking. Sosa fouled out to third. Palmeiro singled to right. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hinske walked. Rios struck out swinging. Hinske stole second. Hinske stole third. Hudson walked. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hinske scored, Hudson out at second. Kline pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto walked, Adams to second. Williams pitching for Orioles. Johnson ran for Catalanotto. Zaun walked, Adams to third, Catalanotto to second. Johnson in left field. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons popped out to shortstop. Matos safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adams. Bigbie singled to right, Matos to second. Roberts grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Bigbie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Koskie struck out looking. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Mora homered to left center. Tejada safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Adams. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Sosa singled to left, Tejada to second. Palmeiro grounded out to first, Tejada to third, Sosa to second. Lopez intentionally walked. Gibbons singled to left, Tejada scored, Sosa to third, Lopez to second. Matos reached on infield single to first, Sosa scored, Lopez to third, Gibbons to second. Bigbie singled to right, Lopez scored, Gibbons to third, Matos to second. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts walked, Gibbons scored, Matos to third, Bigbie to second. Mora hit sacrifice fly to center, Matos scored, Bigbie to third. Julio pitching for Orioles. Tejada popped out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Rios struck out looking. Hudson flied out to left. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Sosa singled to right. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Lopez singled to center, Sosa to second. Gibbons homered to right, Sosa and Lopez scored. Matos popped out to second. Gomez at shortstop. Gil catching. Reed pitching for Orioles. Bigbie grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Myers hit for Zaun. Reed pitching for Orioles. Johnson walked. Menechino hit for Hillenbrand. Myers flied out to center. Menechino lined out to left. Koskie grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 13 - Blue Jays 5.	Homer-happy Orioles hand Blue Jays third straight loss