Athletics - Top 1st. Maine pitching for Orioles. Kotsay grounded out to second. Kendall singled to right. Chavez flied out to center. Payton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Roberts flied out to center. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Maine pitching for Orioles. Johnson singled to center. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Hatteberg homered to right. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Lopez hit by pitch. Gibbons flied out to left. Lopez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Byrnes batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Maine pitching for Orioles. Scutaro homered to left. Kotsay flied out to left. Kendall grounded out to third. Chavez walked. Payton flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Byrnes fouled out to third. Matos struck out swinging. Newhan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Maine pitching for Orioles. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Ellis lined out to center. Hatteberg walked. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Roberts grounded out to first. Mora grounded out to third. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Maine pitching for Orioles. Scutaro lined out to right. Kotsay singled to right. Kendall hit by pitch, Kotsay to second. Chavez fouled out to third. Payton singled to right, Kotsay to third, Kendall to second. Ray pitching for Orioles. Johnson walked, Kotsay scored, Kendall to third, Payton to second. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Palmeiro flied out to right. Lopez struck out swinging. Gibbons doubled to deep right. Byrnes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Hatteberg singled to left center. Swisher walked, Hatteberg to second. Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher, Hatteberg to third, Swisher to second. Kotsay intentionally walked. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hatteberg out at home, Swisher to third, Kotsay to second. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Newhan homered to right. Roberts bunt grounded out to pitcher. Mora homered to left. Julio pitching for Orioles. Tejada popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Payton singled to center. Johnson walked, Payton to second. Byrdak pitching for Orioles. Ellis walked, Payton to third, Johnson to second. Hatteberg walked, Payton scored, Johnson to third, Ellis to second. Swisher hit by pitch, Johnson scored, Ellis to third, Hatteberg to second. Ellis scored, Hatteberg to third, Swisher to second on passed ball by Lopez. Kielty hit for Kotsay. Scutaro walked. Kielty reached on infield single to third, Hatteberg scored, Swisher to third, Scutaro to second, Swisher scored, Scutaro to third, Kielty to second on throwing error by third baseman. Kendall struck out swinging. Williams pitching for Orioles. Chavez walked. Payton hit sacrifice fly to right, Scutaro scored, Kielty to third. Kielty in left field. Payton in center field. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chavez out at second. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Palmeiro walked. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Palmeiro out at second. Gibbons flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Ellis homered to left. Hatteberg reached on infield single to pitcher. Swisher walked, Hatteberg to second. Scutaro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Swisher out at second, Hatteberg to third. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kielty grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Byrnes lined out to shortstop. Matos singled to left. Gomez hit for Roberts. Newhan grounded out to second, Matos to second. Gomez at second base. Freire at first base. Fasano catching. Baldwin pitching for Orioles. Gomez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Baldwin pitching for Orioles. Kendall flied out to right. Chavez flied out to left. Flores pitching for Athletics. Payton grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Flores pitching for Athletics. Mora homered to left center. Tejada reached on infield single to third. Freire singled to center, Tejada to second. Fasano struck out swinging. Gibbons flied out to left. Byrnes flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 10 - Orioles 3.	A's rout O's, take over AL West lead