Yankees - Top 1st. Chen pitching for Orioles. Jeter homered to left center. Rodriguez flied out to left. Giambi walked. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to center, Giambi out at second. Matsui singled to right, Sheffield to second. Posada flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Castro doubled to left center. Mora grounded out to pitcher. Tejada singled to center, Castro to third. Gibbons doubled to deep right, Castro scored, Tejada to third. Surhoff grounded out to first, Tejada scored, Gibbons to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Cano fouled out to third. Williams singled to left. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to first, Williams out at second. Jeter singled to center, Crosby to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Matos struck out swinging. Newhan grounded out to second. Gomez walked. Castro singled to right, Gomez to third. Mora doubled to left, Gomez and Castro scored. Tejada singled to left, Mora scored. Gibbons singled to right, Tejada to third. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Surhoff lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Chen pitching for Orioles. Giambi walked. Sheffield homered to left, Giambi scored. Matsui safe at first on error by second baseman Castro. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matsui out at second. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Lopez struck out looking. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Newhan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Williams singled to center. Crosby walked, Williams to second. Jeter struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out looking. Giambi walked, Williams to third, Crosby to second. Sheffield homered to left, Williams, Crosby and Giambi scored. Matsui grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Leiter pitching for Yankees. Gomez walked. Castro lined out to right. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomez out at second. Mora to second on wild pitch by Leiter. Tejada singled to right, Mora scored. Gibbons homered to right, Tejada scored. Rakers pitching for Orioles. Surhoff grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Rakers pitching for Orioles. Posada struck out swinging. Cano singled to right. Williams flied out to right. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Crosby lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Lopez homered to left. Matos struck out swinging. Newhan walked. Gomez singled to center, Newhan to second. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Castro singled to left, Newhan to third, Gomez to second. Newhan scored, Gomez to third, Castro to second on passed ball by Posada. Mora walked. Franklin pitching for Yankees. Tejada walked, Gomez scored, Castro to third, Mora to second. Gibbons walked, Castro scored, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Surhoff hit sacrifice fly to right, Mora scored, Tejada to third. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gibbons out at second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Rakers pitching for Orioles. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to center. Giambi grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Yankees. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Newhan hit by pitch. Gomez fouled out to first. Newhan stole second. Castro walked. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Orioles. Sheffield flied out to left. Matsui singled to center. Matsui to second on wild pitch by Byrdak. Posada safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Mora, Matsui scored. Cano struck out swinging. Embree pitching for Yankees. Williams struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Embree pitching for Yankees. Tejada grounded out to second. Gibbons popped out to second. Ray pitching for Orioles. Sierra hit for Crosby. Surhoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Sierra struck out looking. Jeter walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Jeter to third, Jeter scored on throwing error by right fielder Gibbons. Rodriguez stole third. Giambi struck out swinging. Sierra in right field. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Rogers ran for Lopez. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Lopez walked. Matos doubled to deep left center, Rogers scored. Newhan grounded out to shortstop. Gomez walked. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gomez out at second, Matos to third. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Mora homered to left, Matos and Castro scored. Byrnes in left field. Gil catching. Newhan in right field. Williams pitching for Orioles. Tejada struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Matsui singled to center. Posada fouled out to left. Cano singled to right, Matsui to second. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Orioles 17.	Orioles rip Yanks; New York, Boston knotted atop East