Cardinals - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Carpenter struck out looking . Pham struck out looking . DeJong grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . Betts grounded out to second . Benintendi singled to right . Ramírez singled to deep left , Benintendi to third . Devers singled to left , Benintendi scored , Ramírez to second . Bogaerts reached on infield single to first , Ramírez to third , Devers to second . Moreland grounded out to first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Fowler singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fowler out at second . Gyorko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . León grounded out to first . Bradley Jr. hit by pitch . Núñez grounded out to first , Bradley Jr. to second . Betts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Wong struck out swinging . Martínez lined out to left . Grichuk walked . Carpenter walked , Grichuk to second . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grichuk out at third , Carpenter to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Benintendi lined out to shortstop . Ramírez walked . Devers grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . DeJong singled to left . Fowler singled to right , DeJong to second . Molina grounded into triple play , third to second to first , DeJong out at third , Fowler out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Moreland struck out swinging . León lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Gyorko singled to left . Wong flied out to left . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gyorko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Bradley Jr. flied out to left . Núñez singled to center . Betts singled to center , Núñez to second . Benintendi hit by pitch , Núñez to third , Betts to second . Ramírez doubled to deep left , Núñez and Betts scored , Benintendi to third . Devers intentionally walked . Bogaerts singled to left , Benintendi scored , Ramírez to third , Devers to second . Moreland singled to shallow center , Ramírez scored , Devers to third , Bogaerts to second . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . León doubled to deep center , Devers and Bogaerts scored , Moreland to third . Bradley Jr. singled to left , Moreland scored , León to third . Núñez singled to right , León scored , Bradley Jr. to third . Betts popped out to first . Benintendi lined out to left . 8 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Young in left field . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Grichuk struck out looking . Voit hit for Carpenter . Voit singled to left . Pham singled to center , Voit to second . DeJong flied out to right . Fowler doubled to deep left center , Voit and Pham scored . Kelly hit for Molina . Kelly singled to left , Fowler scored . Gyorko lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Voit at first base . Kelly catching . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez struck out swinging . Devers reached on infield single to second . Bogaerts singled to left , Devers to second . Moreland singled to left center , Devers to third , Bogaerts to second . León popped out to second . Bradley Jr. walked , Devers scored , Bogaerts to third , Moreland to second . Núñez lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Wong grounded out to second . Martínez struck out swinging . Grichuk grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Betts struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Ramírez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Holt at first base . Kelly pitching for Red Sox . Voit doubled to deep center . Pham grounded out to second , Voit to third . DeJong reached on infield single to shortstop , Voit scored . Fowler flied out to left . DeJong to second on wild pitch by Kelly . Kelly struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Garcia at third base . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Devers grounded out to pitcher . Bogaerts safe at first on error by third baseman Garcia . Holt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bogaerts out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Scott pitching for Red Sox . Garcia flied out to right . Wong struck out swinging . Martínez walked . Grichuk struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Red Sox 10 .	Red Sox use triple play , 8 - run inning to down Cardinals 10 - 4