Nationals - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Eaton singled to center. Dozier singled to left, Eaton to second. Rendon singled to right, Dozier to second, Eaton to third. Soto walked, Eaton scored, Rendon to second, Dozier to third. Adams hit sacrifice fly to center, Dozier scored, Rendon to third. Gomes reached on infield single to third, Rendon scored, Soto to second. Difo struck out swinging. Hellickson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. McCutchen walked. Segura struck out looking. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Robles struck out looking. Eaton struck out swinging. Dozier safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Rendon flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Herrera singled to left. Hernández singled to left, Herrera to second. Franco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out swinging. Gomes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. Pivetta struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to third. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Difo struck out swinging. Hellickson singled to center. Robles grounded out to shortstop, Hellickson to second. Eaton walked. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop, Eaton to second, Hellickson to third. Rendon doubled to deep right center, Dozier scored, Hellickson scored and Eaton scored. Soto walked. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Adams doubled to deep right, Rendon scored, Soto to third. Gomes struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. Harper grounded out to pitcher. Hoskins flied out to right. Realmuto lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Difo grounded out to third. Hellickson walked. Robles tripled to deep center, Hellickson scored. Eaton singled to right center, Robles scored. Dozier grounded into double play, third to second to first, Eaton out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. Herrera struck out looking. Hernández singled to right. Hernández to second on wild pitch by Hellickson. Franco walked. Nicasio struck out swinging. McCutchen walked, Franco to second, Hernández to third. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Kingery in left field. Nicasio pitching for Phillies. Rendon grounded out to second. Soto reached on infield single to second. Adams lined out to center. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Hellickson pitching for Nationals. Harper walked. Hoskins struck out looking. Realmuto grounded into double play, second to first, Harper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Williams in right field. Knapp catching. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Difo walked. Taylor hit for Hellickson. Difo to second on wild pitch by Ramos. Taylor walked. Taylor to second on passed ball by Knapp, Difo to third on passed ball by Knapp. Robles flied out to left. Difo scored on Ramos wild pitch, Taylor to third on wild pitch by Ramos. Eaton reached on infield single to third, Taylor scored. Dozier singled to left, Eaton to second. Kendrick hit for Rendon. Álvarez pitching for Phillies. Kendrick singled to center, Eaton scored, Dozier to second. Soto safe at first on error by first baseman Hoskins, Kendrick to second, Dozier to third. Adams grounded out to first, Dozier scored, Soto to second, Kendrick to third. Gomes singled to left, Kendrick scored, Soto to third. Difo fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Sipp pitching for Nationals. Kendrick at third base. Taylor in center field. Robles in right field. Herrera lined out to left. Suero pitching for Nationals. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. Franco fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Alvarez pitching for Phillies. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Robles grounded out to second. Suero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Altherr hit for Álvarez. Suero pitching for Nationals. Altherr struck out swinging. Kingery hit by pitch. Segura struck out looking. Williams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Aaron Altherr pitching for Phillies. Dozier struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to deep right. Soto grounded out to shortstop, Kendrick to third. Adams singled to right center, Kendrick scored. Gomes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Nationals. Hoskins walked. Knapp struck out swinging. Herrera walked, Hoskins to second. Hernández walked, Herrera to second, Hoskins to third. Franco grounded out to first, Hoskins scored, Hernández to second, Herrera to third. Altherr flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 15 - Phillies 1.	Hellickson, Adams, Rendon help Nationals rout Phillies 15-1