Nationals - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Cubs. Turner flied out to right. Eaton homered to right (384 feet). Rendon grounded out to shortstop. Soto lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Castellanos struck out swinging. Bryant flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Kendrick safe at first on error by pitcher Lester. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendrick out at second. Dozier struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Rizzo walked. Báez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rizzo out at second. Schwarber flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Cubs. Robles reached on infield single to third. Robles stole second. Sánchez sacrificed to third, Robles to third. Turner hit sacrifice fly to right, Robles scored. Eaton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Lucroy struck out swinging. Kemp struck out swinging. Lester grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Rendon lined out to second. Soto reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendrick singled to center, Soto to third. Suzuki singled to left, Soto scored, Kendrick to second. Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second, Kendrick out at home in rundown. Robles walked, Dozier to second, Suzuki to third. Sánchez reached on bunt single to catcher, Suzuki scored, Robles to second, Dozier to third. Turner flied out to center. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Castellanos singled to left. Bryant fouled out to catcher. Rizzo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Cubs. Eaton lined out to center. Rendon singled to left. Soto singled to right, Rendon to second. Strop pitching for Cubs. Kendrick struck out swinging. Suzuki hit by pitch, Soto to second, Rendon to third. Rendon scored on Strop wild pitch, Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Strop, Soto to third on wild pitch by Strop. Dozier walked. Robles doubled to first, Soto scored and Suzuki scored, Dozier to third. Sánchez grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Báez grounded out to third. Schwarber lined out to center. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Chatwood pitching for Cubs. Russell at shortstop. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Eaton flied out to left. Rendon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Kemp grounded out to first. Russell flied out to center. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Phelps pitching for Cubs. Happ in center field. Soto homered to center (412 feet). Kendrick struck out looking. Suzuki flied out to center. Dozier struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Castellanos flied out to center. Bryant struck out swinging. Rizzo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Cishek pitching for Cubs. Robles struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to center. Turner singled to left, Sánchez to second. Eaton fouled out to third. Rendon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Happ grounded out to pitcher. Schwarber grounded out to catcher. Lucroy popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Caratini at third base. Holland pitching for Cubs. Soto walked. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Soto scored. Suzuki struck out swinging. Dozier struck out looking. Robles fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Sanchez pitching for Nationals. Kemp walked. Russell grounded out to third, Kemp to second. Kemp scored on throwing error by third baseman Rendon, Caratini safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Rendon. Grace pitching for Nationals. Castellanos doubled to right, Caratini scored. Holland struck out looking. Castellanos to third on fielder's indifference. Rizzo singled to center, Castellanos scored. Rizzo to second on fielder's indifference. Happ grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 9 - Cubs 3.	Sánchez pitches into 9th, slugging Nats roll past Cubs 9-3