Pirates - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Duffy singled to center. Wilson sacrificed to catcher, Duffy to second. Bay walked. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Eckstein walked. Luna grounded out to catcher, Eckstein to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Spiezio singled to right, Eckstein scored, Pujols to second, Pujols thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Randa popped out to second. Hernandez grounded out to third. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Taguchi singled to right. Molina struck out swinging, Taguchi stole second. Miles singled to center, Taguchi scored. Mulder sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to second. Eckstein grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Paulino flied out to center. Duke grounded out to first. Duffy grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Luna reached on infield single to third. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Luna out at second. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Wilson flied out to right. Bay walked. Wilson homered to center, Bay scored. Randa singled to left. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Randa out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Spiezio singled to right. Taguchi singled to left, Spiezio to second. Molina grounded into double play, third to first, Spiezio out at third, Taguchi to second. Miles intentionally walked. Mulder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Castillo struck out swinging. Paulino singled to left. Duke sacrificed to first, Paulino to second. Duffy walked. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duffy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Eckstein doubled to right. Luna grounded out to shortstop, Eckstein to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center, Eckstein scored. Spiezio flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Bay lined out to left. Wilson walked. Randa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Taguchi walked. Molina singled to left, Taguchi to second. Miles flied out to right. Mulder sacrificed to third, Taguchi to third, Molina to second. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Castillo singled to center. Torres pitching for Pirates. Paulino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Luna struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Pujols to second on passed ball by Paulino. Sanchez hit for Torres. Spiezio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez fouled out to first. Duffy grounded out to first. Wilson walked. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Capps pitching for Pirates. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Taguchi struck out swinging. Molina flied out to center. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Miles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Wilson struck out looking. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez homered to left. Wilson at first base. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. McLouth in right field. Rodriguez hit for Isringhausen. Castillo flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez struck out looking. Eckstein singled to right. Luna singled to center, Eckstein to second. Pujols singled to left, Eckstein scored, Luna to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Cardinals 4.	Pujols drives in winning run for Cardinals in ninth