Nationals - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Soriano flied out to right. Vidro walked. Johnson flied out to right. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Day pitching for Nationals. Eckstein flied out to left. Rodriguez singled to left. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman homered to left. Byrd singled to left. Schneider grounded out to first, Byrd to second. Clayton walked. Day bunt popped out to third. Soriano flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Day pitching for Nationals. Edmonds grounded out to third. Spiezio grounded out to second. Encarnacion homered to right. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Vidro flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to second. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Day pitching for Nationals. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Suppan flied out to center. Eckstein grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman singled to center. Zimmerman to second on wild pitch by Suppan. Byrd grounded out to second, Zimmerman to third. Schneider singled to right, Zimmerman scored. Clayton singled to right, Schneider to second. Day flied out to right. Soriano struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Day pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Edmonds flied out to right. Spiezio singled to center, Pujols to third. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spiezio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Vidro struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Day pitching for Nationals. Bennett fouled out to catcher. Miles walked. Suppan grounded out to second, Miles to second. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop, Miles to third. Rodriguez singled to left center, Miles scored, Eckstein to third. Pujols walked, Rodriguez to second. Edmonds singled to center, Eckstein and Rodriguez scored, Pujols to third. Spiezio struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman struck out looking. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Schneider lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion singled to center. Bennett sacrificed to first, Encarnacion to second. Gall hit for Suppan. Miles intentionally walked. Gall reached on infield single to shortstop, Encarnacion to third, Miles to second. Eckstein struck out swinging. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Taguchi hit for Rodriguez. Taguchi singled to center, Encarnacion and Miles scored, Gall to second. Gall to third, Taguchi to second on wild pitch by Eischen. Pujols intentionally walked. Taguchi in left field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Anderson hit for Eischen. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Clayton struck out looking. Anderson flied out to center. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Soriano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Spiezio flied out to right. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Bennett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Guillen fouled out to catcher. Zimmerman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Marquis hit for Wainwright. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Miles singled to center. Marquis walked, Miles to second. Eckstein sacrificed to pitcher, Miles to third, Marquis to second. Taguchi hit sacrifice fly to right, Miles scored, Marquis to third. Pujols walked. Edmonds singled to center, Marquis scored, Pujols to third. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Spiezio doubled to deep right, Pujols scored, Edmonds to third. Luna at first base. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Byrd hit by pitch. Schneider singled to right, Byrd to second. Ward hit for Rauch. Clayton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second, Byrd to third. Ward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Cardinals 9.	Cardinals set club record for April wins with 17th