Cardinals - Top 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Eckstein flied out to center. Luna grounded out to third. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla singled to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Willingham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Encarnacion singled to right. Spiezio doubled to deep left, Encarnacion to third. Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop, Encarnacion scored. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spiezio out at third, Taguchi to second. Miles walked, Taguchi to third, Molina to second. Ponson reached on infield single to third, Taguchi scored, Molina to third, Miles to second. Eckstein grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to third, Molina out at home, Miles out at third, Eckstein to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Borchard walked. Borchard caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jacobs walked. Abercrombie lined out to first. Treanor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Luna walked. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Luna out at second. Encarnacion lined out to left. Spiezio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Olsen fouled out to first. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Uggla lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Taguchi grounded out to second. Molina hit by pitch. Gall hit for Ponson. Miles walked, Molina to second. Gall singled to center, Molina scored, Miles to second. Eckstein walked, Miles to third, Gall to second. Luna struck out swinging. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Pujols singled to left center, Miles and Gall scored, Eckstein to third. Encarnacion singled to center, Eckstein scored, Pujols to third. Spiezio hit ground rule double to deep right, Pujols scored, Encarnacion to third. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera popped out to first. Willingham grounded out to third. Borchard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Molina hit by pitch. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Molina out at second. Falkenborg struck out bunting foul. Eckstein popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Jacobs flied out to left. Abercrombie doubled to deep left. Treanor grounded out to shortstop, Abercrombie to third. Nolasco flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Luna flied out to center. Pujols lined out to third. Encarnacion struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez doubled to deep left center. Uggla singled to left, Ramirez to third. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez scored, Uggla out at second. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Willingham struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Spiezio popped out to first. Taguchi fouled out to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Borchard struck out swinging. Jacobs walked. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Helms hit for Treanor. Abercrombie doubled to deep left center, Jacobs to third. Olivo hit for Messenger. Helms walked. Olivo struck out swinging. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. Olivo catching. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helms out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Marlins. Miles struck out swinging. Thompson struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Willingham struck out swinging. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Aguila in right field. Borchard popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Marlins. Luna doubled to right. Pujols popped out to second. Encarnacion lined out to first. Spiezio walked. Taguchi singled to right, Luna scored, Spiezio to third. Molina singled to center, Spiezio scored, Taguchi to second. Miles flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Jacobs struck out swinging. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Aguila singled to center. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Marlins 1.	Ponson leaves early, but Cards still sweep Marlins