Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Counsell fouled out to pitcher. Byrnes grounded out to first. Tracy walked. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center. Pujols singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Pujols to second on error by center fielder Byrnes. Edmonds walked. Rolen homered to left, Pujols and Edmonds scored. Encarnacion walked. Bennett safe at first on error by second baseman Hudson, Encarnacion to second. Miles walked, Encarnacion to third, Bennett to second. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Encarnacion out at home, Bennett to third, Miles to second. Eckstein flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Jackson homered to left. Green singled to right. Estrada flied out to center. Hudson flied out to center. Vargas grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols homered to left center. Edmonds flied out to right. Rolen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Counsell walked. Byrnes fouled out to first. Tracy walked, Counsell to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Encarnacion flied out to right. Bennett batting. Miles singled to right. Marquis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Green singled to center. Estrada grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Green out at second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein doubled to right. Rodriguez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Eckstein to third. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Green at second base. Pujols singled to center, Eckstein scored, Rodriguez to second. Edmonds singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Pujols to third. Rolen doubled to deep center, Pujols and Edmonds scored. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Bennett grounded out to shortstop, Rolen to third. Miles grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Green flied out to center. Counsell grounded out to second. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Marquis grounded out to first. Eckstein singled to left. Rodriguez grounded into double play, pitcher to third to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Tracy flied out to left. Gonzalez walked. Jackson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols flied out to center. Edmonds singled to center. Rolen struck out swinging. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Green batting. Clark hit for Grimsley. Estrada batting. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Bennett struck out swinging. Bigbie hit for Marquis. Miles singled to center. Luna hit for Eckstein. Bigbie walked, Miles to second. Luna struck out looking. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second, Miles to third, Bigbie to second. Luna at shortstop. Rodriguez in right field. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in center field. Spiezio at first base. Bigbie in left field. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Falkenborg pitching for Cardinals. Green struck out looking. Counsell grounded out to first. DaVanon in left field. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Molina hit for Rolen. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Molina flied out to right. Spiezio hit by pitch. Bennett doubled to deep right center, Spiezio to third. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Molina at first base. Spiezio at third base. Easley hit for Tracy. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Easley walked. DaVanon grounded out to third, Easley to second. Jackson flied out to center. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Cardinals 9.	Pujols fastest in history to 19 homers in Cards' win