Cubs - Top 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to second. Perez grounded out to second. Barrett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Eckstein lined out to right. Luna struck out looking. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to second. Murton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Rolen flied out to right. Encarnacion singled to right. Luna at first base. Rodriguez in left field. Taguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Jones doubled to left. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at third. Rusch sacrificed to pitcher, Cedeno to second. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Molina struck out looking. Miles walked. Mulder sacrificed to first, Miles to second. Eckstein singled to center, Miles scored. Luna grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Perez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein. Barrett singled to left, Perez to second. Nevin safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Perez to third, Barrett to second. Ramirez homered to right center, Perez, Barrett and Nevin scored. Murton singled to right. Jones singled to center, Murton to second, Murton to third on error by center fielder Taguchi. Cedeno singled to right, Murton scored, Jones to second. Rusch sacrificed to third, Jones to third, Cedeno to second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at home, Cedeno to third. Pierre stole second. Perez lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 3 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Rolen struck out swinging. Encarnacion popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Barrett walked. Nevin homered to center, Barrett scored. Ramirez flied out to center. Murton singled to left. Jones singled to center, Murton to third. Cedeno struck out swinging. Rusch grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Rusch pitching for Cubs. Taguchi walked. Molina doubled to deep left, Taguchi scored. Miles grounded out to first, Molina to third. Mulder singled to left center, Molina scored. Eckstein grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mulder out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to second. Perez grounded out to third. Barrett singled to left center. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Nevin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Luna popped out to second. Rodriguez flied out to left. Rolen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez popped out to second. Murton lined out to shortstop. Jones walked. Cedeno singled to right, Jones to third. Novoa hit ground rule double to deep right center, Jones scored, Cedeno to third. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Pierre hit by pitch. Perez popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Encarnacion tripled to deep right center. Taguchi struck out swinging. Molina flied out to right, Encarnacion to third. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Barrett singled to center. Nevin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Barrett out at second. Perez hit for Thompson. Ramirez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Novoa pitching for Cubs. Perez walked. Eckstein grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Perez out at second. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Luna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Murton struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Cedeno grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Williamson pitching for Cubs. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Rolen singled to right. Encarnacion struck out swinging, Rolen to second on wild pitch by Williamson. Taguchi walked. Rolen to third, Taguchi to second on wild pitch by Williamson. Howry pitching for Cubs. Molina singled to left, Rolen and Taguchi scored. Miles grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 8 - Cardinals 5.	Ramirez, Nevin power Cubs past Mulder, Cards; Pujols hurt