Cardinals - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Eckstein hit ground rule double to deep left. Taguchi grounded out to second. Rolen flied out to center, Eckstein to third. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Weeks walked. Hall flied out to right. Jenkins walked, Weeks to second. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jenkins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Edmonds struck out looking. Luna singled to center. Duncan doubled to left, Luna to third. Bennett singled to center, Luna scored, Duncan to third. Marquis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Duncan scored, Bennett out at second. Eckstein singled to center, Marquis to second. Taguchi flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Fielder hit ground rule double to deep left center. Miller walked. Koskie grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Miller out at second, Fielder to third. Gross in center field. Clark grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Koskie out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Rolen homered to left. Encarnacion singled to center. Edmonds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. Luna lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Capuano walked. Weeks flied out to left. Capuano to second on wild pitch by Marquis. Hall flied out to left. Jenkins singled to left center, Capuano scored. Lee singled to right center, Jenkins to third. Fielder flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Duncan singled to left. Bennett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Duncan out at second. Marquis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Miller struck out swinging. Koskie flied out to center. Gross grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Eckstein walked. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. Rolen struck out swinging, Taguchi to second on wild pitch by Capuano. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Capuano struck out swinging. Weeks walked. Hall singled to left, Weeks to second. Jenkins grounded out to first, Weeks to third, Hall to second. Lee reached on infield single to shortstop, Weeks scored, Hall to third. Fielder grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Edmonds flied out to center. Luna reached on infield single to third. Duncan struck out looking. Bennett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Miller grounded out to third. Koskie fouled out to third. Spiezio hit for Marquis. Gross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Capuano pitching for Brewers. Spiezio flied out to right. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cirillo hit for Capuano. Taguchi grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cirillo popped out to second. Weeks hit by pitch. Hall doubled to deep left, Weeks scored. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Jenkins struck out swinging. Lee intentionally walked. Fielder walked, Hall to third, Lee to second. Wise pitching for Brewers. Miller struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Rolen struck out swinging. Encarnacion singled to center. Edmonds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Encarnacion out at second. Luna singled to right, Edmonds to second. Duncan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Koskie walked. Luna at first base. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Hart hit for Wise. Gross sacrificed to catcher, Koskie to second. Hart singled to center, Koskie scored. Weeks singled to center, Hart to second. Hall flied out to right. Jenkins reached on infield single to shortstop, Hart to third, Weeks to second. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez hit for Bennett. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Rodriguez struck out looking. Miles grounded out to second. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Brewers 4.	Never Surrender: Corey Hart's single lifts Brewers