Cardinals - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Eckstein struck out swinging. Taguchi homered to left. Rolen flied out to center. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik doubled to deep center. Iguchi singled to right, Podsednik scored. Thome doubled to deep right, Iguchi to third. Konerko homered to left, Iguchi and Thome scored. Dye popped out to second. Pierzynski fouled out to left. Crede flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Edmonds homered to right. Luna singled to left. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Luna to second. Duncan struck out looking. Miles singled to right, Luna scored. Eckstein flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak singled to right. Uribe singled to center, Mackowiak to third. Podsednik singled to right center, Mackowiak scored, Uribe to second. Iguchi doubled to right, Uribe and Podsednik scored, Iguchi to third on error by right fielder Encarnacion. Thome homered to left center, Iguchi scored. Konerko lined out to third. Dye grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Taguchi flied out to left. Rolen fouled out to third. Encarnacion singled to right. Edmonds popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Taguchi in center field. Perez in left field. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Crede homered to left center. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Luna singled to right center. Molina struck out swinging. Duncan grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Luna out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Iguchi walked. Thome singled to right, Iguchi to second. Konerko singled to left, Iguchi scored, Thome to second. Dye struck out looking. Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep center, Thome scored, Konerko to third. Crede flied out to left. Mackowiak grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein singled to right center. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Uribe homered to left. Podsednik flied out to right. Iguchi grounded out to second. Thome struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Encarnacion doubled to left. Perez singled to left, Encarnacion to third. Luna singled to center, Encarnacion scored, Perez to third. Molina popped out to second. Duncan struck out swinging. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Miles struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Gload ran for Konerko. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Konerko walked. Dye flied out to center. Gload at first base. Cintron at third base. Pierzynski grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gload out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Eckstein grounded out to third. Taguchi grounded out to third. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Spiezio at third base. Rolen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cintron struck out swinging. Mackowiak struck out looking, Mackowiak safe at first on passed ball by Molina. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Uribe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mackowiak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher. Perez homered to right center. Luna lined out to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Luna in right field. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi lined out to left. Thome singled to left. Gload singled to right, Thome to second. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Dye struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Duncan struck out looking. Rodriguez hit for Eckstein. Miles struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - White Sox 13.	White Sox use 16-hit, four-homer attack to pound Cardinals