Cardinals - Top 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Eckstein reached on infield single to third. Perez reached on infield single to first, Eckstein to second. Pujols struck out swinging. Rolen struck out swinging. Edmonds walked, Eckstein to third, Perez to second. Spiezio flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. Ordonez walked, Rodriguez to second. Guillen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center. Bennett grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to third. Miles singled to left, Rodriguez scored. Eckstein flied out to right. Perez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Thames flied out to left. Gomez struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Pujols grounded out to second. Rolen struck out swinging. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Inge flied out to center. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Spiezio struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Bennett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez doubled to deep left. Ordonez singled to right, Rodriguez scored. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ordonez out at second. Thames fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Miles popped out to third. Eckstein singled to center. Perez lined out to left. Pujols reached on infield single to third, Eckstein to second. Rolen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Gomez flied out to right. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Inge grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Edmonds struck out swinging. Spiezio flied out to center. Rodriguez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Granderson walked. Polanco grounded into double play, second to first, Granderson out at second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Molina hit for Bennett. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Molina flied out to left. Miles fouled out to third. Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina catching. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to third. Thames singled to center. Thames picked off first. Gomez batting. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Pujols struck out swinging. Ledezma pitching for Tigers. Rolen singled to center. Rolen to second on wild pitch by Ledezma. Edmonds fouled out to catcher. Spiezio fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Gomez singled to right. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Gomez to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Inge reached on infield single to shortstop, Gomez to third. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Granderson doubled to deep center, Gomez scored, Inge thrown out at home, Granderson to third advancing on throw. Polanco doubled to left, Granderson scored. Shelton at first base. Taguchi hit for Rodriguez. Jones pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez singled to left, Polanco scored, Rodriguez out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Taguchi singled to center. Molina struck out swinging. Miles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Tigers 4.	Tigers' sweep extends Cards' skid to six straight