Royals - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus singled to right. Grudzielanek doubled to left, DeJesus scored. Mientkiewicz walked. Sanders flied out to center, Grudzielanek to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Teahen doubled to left, Grudzielanek and Mientkiewicz scored. Berroa walked. Bako walked, Teahen to third, Berroa to second. Gathright grounded out to shortstop, Teahen scored, Berroa to third, Bako to second. Redman struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Royals. Eckstein struck out swinging. Spiezio lined out to right. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus singled to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to third, DeJesus to second. Mientkiewicz singled to center, DeJesus scored. Sanders walked, Mientkiewicz to second. Teahen safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols, Mientkiewicz to third, Sanders to second. Berroa struck out swinging. Bako flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Royals. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Luna singled to center. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Cardinals. Gathright safe at first on error by second baseman Luna. Redman sacrificed to third, Gathright to second. DeJesus singled to left, Gathright thrown out at home. Grudzielanek doubled to deep right, DeJesus scored. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz walked. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mientkiewicz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Royals. Taguchi grounded out to pitcher. Hancock struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Teahen flied out to center. Berroa flied out to left. Bako batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Redman pitching for Royals. Spiezio struck out swinging. Pujols singled to left. Rolen homered to left, Pujols scored. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Luna grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. Redman walked. DeJesus flied out to left. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Redman pitching for Royals. Molina homered to center. Taguchi doubled to right. Hancock struck out looking. Eckstein grounded out to second, Taguchi to third. Spiezio singled to left, Taguchi scored. Spiezio to second on balk by Redman. Pujols singled to left, Spiezio scored, Pujols to second advancing on throw. Rolen flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Mientkiewicz grounded out to shortstop. Sanders flied out to right. Dessens pitching for Royals. Teahen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Encarnacion singled to left. Luna grounded out to third, Encarnacion to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion to third on passed ball by Bako. Taguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Berroa flied out to center. Bako grounded out to first. Miles hit for Hancock. Peralta pitching for Royals. Gathright flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Miles flied out to center. Eckstein grounded out to third. Spiezio homered to right. Pujols doubled to center. Rolen intentionally walked. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Luna in left field. Miles at second base. German hit for Peralta. Encarnacion flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. German grounded out to third. DeJesus singled to right. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek doubled to center, DeJesus thrown out at home. Mientkiewicz walked. Sanders walked, Grudzielanek to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Teahen walked, Grudzielanek scored, Mientkiewicz to third, Sanders to second. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Luna fouled out to first. Molina singled to left. Taguchi walked, Molina to second. Miles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Bako grounded out to pitcher. Stairs hit for Wellemeyer. Gathright grounded out to first. Stairs walked. Burgos pitching for Royals. DeJesus lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Edmonds hit for Thompson. Burgos pitching for Royals. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Edmonds homered to center. Pujols struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Edmonds in center field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi in right field. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Grudzielanek struck out swinging. Mientkiewicz fouled out to third. Hudson pitching for Royals. Brown in right field. Sanders struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Luna walked. Molina singled to left, Luna to third. Perez ran for Molina. Taguchi reached on infield single to shortstop, Perez to second. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to first, Luna out at home, Perez to third, Taguchi to second. Eckstein struck out bunting foul. Bennett catching. Edmonds lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 11th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Teahen homered to right. Berroa flied out to left. Bako lined out to pitcher. Gathright struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Hudson pitching for Royals. Pujols singled to center. Rodriguez hit for Isringhausen. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols out at second. Rolen to second on passed ball by Bako. Rodriguez struck out looking. Luna struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 8 - Cardinals 7.	Royals win second straight in St. Louis