Cardinals - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Eckstein walked. Eckstein caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Taguchi struck out swinging. Pujols singled to center. Pujols out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Rolen batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Duffy hit by pitch. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Duffy out at second. Sanchez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Rolen flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bay homered to left. Randa homered to left center. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Cota struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Duncan grounded out to shortstop. Bennett reached on infield single to third. Marquis bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bennett out at second. Eckstein singled to left center, Marquis to second. Taguchi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Maholm grounded out to second. Duffy walked. Wilson struck out swinging, Duffy stole second. Sanchez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to second. Rolen doubled to deep left. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third. Belliard grounded out to third, Rolen to third, Encarnacion to second. Duncan walked. Bennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Randa flied out to right. Bautista walked. Castillo grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Marquis grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein grounded out to third. Taguchi singled to right. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Cota struck out swinging. Maholm grounded out to first. Duffy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Rolen walked. Encarnacion flied out to right. Belliard singled to right, Rolen to second. Duncan flied out to left. Bennett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Wilson lined out to second. Sanchez doubled to left. Bay struck out swinging. Miles hit for Marquis. Randa lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Miles grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Taguchi doubled to deep left. Torres pitching for Pirates. Pujols walked. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Miles at shortstop. Rolen popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bautista hit by pitch. Castillo singled to center, Bautista to second. Burnitz hit for Torres. Cota sacrificed to third, Bautista to third, Castillo to second. Burnitz walked. Duffy singled to right, Bautista and Castillo scored, Burnitz to second. Wilson singled to center, Burnitz to third, Duffy to second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez doubled to deep right center, Burnitz and Duffy scored, Wilson to third. Bay intentionally walked. Capps pitching for Pirates. Randa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bay out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Belliard singled to right. Duncan reached on infield single to shortstop, Belliard to second, Belliard to third on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Bennett struck out swinging. Duncan to second on fielder's indifference. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Bautista hit by pitch. Castillo struck out swinging. Hernandez hit for Capps. Cota popped out to second. Hernandez walked, Bautista to second. Duffy singled to right, Bautista scored, Hernandez to second. Marte pitching for Pirates. Spiezio hit for Thompson. Wilson flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Spiezio walked. Edmonds ran for Spiezio. Taguchi flied out to left. Pujols walked, Edmonds to second. Rolen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 0 - Pirates 7.	Trumped Cards: Last-place Pirates sweep St. Louis