Cardinals - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker struck out swinging. Duncan homered to right. Pujols reached on infield single to second. Rolen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pujols out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Byrnes flied out to center. Hudson flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Spiezio struck out looking. Encarnacion flied out to center. Vizcaino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Estrada flied out to center. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Tracy lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to third. Suppan walked. Schumaker grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suppan out at second. Duncan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Quentin walked. Drew doubled to left, Quentin to third. En Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Quentin scored, Drew to third. Drew stole home, Byrnes stole second. Hudson singled to right, Byrnes scored. Gonzalez singled to right, Hudson to third. Estrada singled to right, Hudson scored, Gonzalez to second. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Estrada out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pujols singled to left. Rolen flied out to center. Spiezio doubled to deep left, Pujols scored. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Vizcaino singled to center, Spiezio scored. Molina flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Tracy singled to right. Quentin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tracy out at second. Drew lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Suppan walked. Schumaker grounded out to third, Suppan to second. Duncan struck out swinging. Pujols homered to left, Suppan scored. Green hit for En Gonzalez. Rolen flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Green lined out to second. Byrnes flied out to center. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. St Louis's Manager La Russa ejected by Culbreth in the 6th. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Spiezio homered to center. Encarnacion safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Vizcaino doubled to deep right, Encarnacion to third. Molina grounded out to third. Suppan sacrificed to pitcher, Encarnacion scored, Vizcaino to third. Schumaker lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Estrada struck out looking. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Jackson safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Gonzalez to third. Tracy fouled out to second. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Duncan struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. Schumaker in left field. Taguchi in center field. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Easley hit for Cruz. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Drew struck out swinging. Kinney pitching for Cardinals. Easley grounded out to third. Byrnes singled to left. Hudson walked, Byrnes to second. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to center, Byrnes scored, Hudson to third. Estrada doubled to right, Hudson and Gonzalez scored. Jackson intentionally walked. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Spiezio struck out swinging. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Vizcaino safe at first on error by first baseman Jackson. Rodriguez hit for Flores. Molina reached on infield single to shortstop, Vizcaino to third. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Sosa pitching for Cardinals. Quentin grounded out to third. Clark hit for Vizcaino. Drew grounded out to second. Clark homered to right center. Byrnes homered to left. Hudson walked. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to center, Hudson to second. Byrnes in left field. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Young in center field. Clark at first base. Estrada flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Miles hit for Taguchi. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker singled to center. Miles singled to center, Schumaker to second. Pujols fouled out to left. Rolen struck out swinging. Spiezio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 9.	Clark's 'video-game numbers' against Sosa lift D-Backs