Cardinals - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Wilson grounded out to second. Spiezio walked. Pujols walked, Spiezio to second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Rolen popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Biggio struck out looking. Lamb singled to left. Berkman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lamb out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to third. Miles grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Scott flied out to right. Huff grounded out to first. Burke struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Carpenter singled to left. Wilson singled to center, Carpenter to second. Spiezio safe at first on error by second baseman Biggio, Carpenter scored, Wilson to third. Pujols grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson scored, Spiezio out at second. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. Pettitte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Rolen flied out to center. Belliard doubled to left. Belliard to third on balk by Pettitte. Belliard scored on Pettitte's wild pitch. Molina walked. Miles sacrificed to catcher, Molina to second. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Biggio grounded out to third. Lamb singled to left. Berkman homered to left center, Lamb scored. Scott grounded out to third. Huff flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Astros. Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Lamb. Spiezio singled to center, Wilson to third. Pujols singled to deep right, Wilson scored, Spiezio to second. Encarnacion grounded out to third, Spiezio to third, Pujols to second. Rolen intentionally walked. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Spiezio scored, Pujols out at third, Rolen to second. Molina flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Burke doubled to left. Everett reached on infield single to shortstop. Palmeiro hit for Pettitte. Ausmus sacrificed to catcher, Burke to third, Everett to second. Palmeiro singled to center, Burke and Everett scored. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Biggio grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Palmeiro out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Miles grounded out to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Lamb grounded out to second. Berkman doubled to deep left center. Scott flied out to right. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Spiezio flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to third. Encarnacion grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Burke flied out to center. Everett struck out swinging. Ausmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Borkowski pitching for Astros. Rolen popped out to second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Ensberg hit for Borkowski. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ensberg singled to right. Jimerson ran for Ensberg. Biggio sacrificed to pitcher, Ensberg to second. Lamb struck out swinging. Berkman homered to right center, Jimerson scored. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at second base. Jimerson in right field. Scott popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Rodriguez hit for Carpenter. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Miles grounded out to second. Duncan hit for Wilson. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Astros 6.	Berkman belts two homers to lift Astros over Cards