Padres - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Roberts doubled to deep center. Roberts to third on wild pitch by Carpenter. Giles grounded out to shortstop, Roberts scored. Gonzalez flied out to center. Bard singled to left. Branyan grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Padres. Miles lined out to left. Duncan struck out looking. Pujols doubled to deep center. Encarnacion walked. Rolen lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Cameron flied out to center. Blum singled to right. Barfield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blum out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Padres. Edmonds struck out swinging. Belliard homered to left. Molina grounded out to third. Carpenter flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Williams struck out swinging. Roberts grounded out to second. Giles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Padres. Miles flied out to left. Duncan grounded out to first. Pujols singled to left. Encarnacion flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Bard singled to right. Branyan singled to center, Bard to third. Cameron hit sacrifice fly to left, Bard scored. Blum singled to center, Branyan to second. Barfield struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Padres. Rolen hit by pitch. Edmonds grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rolen out at second. Belliard homered to left, Edmonds scored. Molina singled to center. Carpenter bunted into fielder's choice to first, Molina out at second. Miles grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Williams flied out to right. Roberts grounded out to second. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Padres. Duncan grounded out to first. Pujols walked. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Pujols safe at second on throwing error by catcher Bard. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pujols safe at third on error by third baseman Branyan, Encarnacion to second. Edmonds singled to center, Pujols and Encarnacion scored, Rolen to third, Edmonds to second advancing on throw. Belliard intentionally walked. Molina fouled out to first. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to left. Bard struck out looking. Branyan walked, Gonzalez to second. Cameron reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to third, Branyan to second. Blum grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez out at home, Branyan to third, Cameron to second. Barfield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Padres. Miles reached on infield single to shortstop. Duncan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Miles out at second. Pujols walked. Pujols to second on wild pitch by Williams. Taguchi in left field. Klesko hit for Williams. Encarnacion flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Klesko lined out to first. Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop. Giles doubled to left, Roberts to third. Gonzalez walked. Bowen ran for Bard. Bard doubled to right, Roberts and Giles scored, Gonzalez to third. Branyan struck out looking. Cameron doubled to deep right, Gonzalez and Bowen scored. Bowen catching. Alexander at third base. Meredith pitching for Padres. Blum struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Rolen grounded out to second. Edmonds reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez hit for Molina. Belliard struck out swinging. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bennett catching. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Sledge hit for Meredith. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Barfield singled to right. Sledge singled to right, Barfield to third. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to first, Barfield out at third, Sledge to third. Roberts stole second. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sledge out at home, Roberts to third. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Johnson ran for Giles. Gonzalez singled to center, Roberts scored, Giles to second. Bowen walked, Johnson to third, Gonzalez to second. Johnson in right field. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Alexander grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Bennett struck out swinging. Miles grounded out to first. Taguchi doubled to left. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hancock pitching for Cardinals. Cameron struck out swinging. Blum grounded out to second. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Barfield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Encarnacion fouled out to first. Rolen singled to right. Rolen to second on fielder's indifference. Edmonds struck out swinging. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Cardinals 5.	Cards lose seventh straight as Carpenter blows lead