Cardinals - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Spiezio struck out looking. Pujols walked. Rolen reached on infield single to third, Pujols to second. Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Granderson flied out to center. Monroe homered to left. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to shallow center. Guillen doubled to deep left, Ordonez scored. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guillen out at third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Edmonds struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Casey flied out to center. Inge singled to left. Santiago singled to right center, Inge to second. Granderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Miles struck out swinging. Eckstein popped out to third. Spiezio grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Monroe struck out looking. Polanco struck out swinging. Ordonez singled to right. Guillen walked, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Rolen flied out to center. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Casey hit by pitch. Inge singled to left center, Casey to second. Santiago sacrificed to catcher, Casey to third, Inge to second, Santiago safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols. Casey to third on error by first baseman Pujols. Granderson struck out swinging. Monroe popped out to shortstop. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Edmonds walked. Wilson flied out to center. Molina flied out to right. Miles lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Guillen tripled to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Casey singled to right, Guillen scored. Inge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Eckstein grounded out to third. Spiezio walked. Pujols lined out to left. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Cardinals. Santiago struck out looking. Kinney pitching for Cardinals. Granderson grounded out to first. Monroe walked. Polanco hit by pitch, Monroe to second. Ordonez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Edmonds flied out to center. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Guillen singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guillen out at second. Casey flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Molina singled to right. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Miles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Inge struck out looking. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Santiago grounded out to second. Jones pitching for Tigers. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Spiezio lined out to right. Pujols grounded out to third. Rolen singled to right. Rolen to second on fielder's indifference. Encarnacion safe at first on error by pitcher Jones, Rolen to third. Edmonds doubled to left, Rolen scored, Encarnacion to third. Wilson hit by pitch. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Tigers 3.	Rogers, Tigers even Series at one; questions swirl over substance