Rockies - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles singled to right center . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Miles out at second . Helton doubled to right , Clayton scored . Wilson struck out swinging . Burnitz flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Finley grounded out to first . Alomar grounded out to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Sexson fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Johnson doubled to deep right center . Jennings lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Cintron walked . Hillenbrand walked , Cintron to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hillenbrand out at second , Cintron to third . Mayne lined out to shortstop . Webb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles singled to left . Clayton sacrificed to first , Miles to second . Helton intentionally walked . Miles to third , Helton to second on wild pitch by Webb . Wilson struck out looking . Burnitz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Finley lined out to center . Alomar grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Jennings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Sexson homered to right . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop . Hillenbrand singled to left , Cintron to second . Bautista flied out to left . Mayne tripled to right , Cintron and Hillenbrand scored . Webb singled to shallow right , Mayne scored . Finley walked , Webb to second . Alomar tripled to deep right , Webb and Finley scored . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Sexson struck out swinging . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Cintron singled to right , Alomar scored , Gonzalez to second . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles flied out to left . Clayton grounded out to second . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Bautista doubled to deep right center . Mayne doubled to right , Bautista scored . Webb singled to left , Mayne scored . Finley fouled out to third . Alomar popped out to first . Gonzalez walked , Webb to second . Sexson walked , Webb to third , Gonzalez to second . Cintron flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Reyes ran for Wilson . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson reached on infield single to third . Burnitz flied out to center . Castilla grounded out to third , Reyes to second . Reyes in center field . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Colbrunn hit for Webb . Mayne walked . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Colbrunn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Sweeney hit for Fassero . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson doubled to deep center . Sweeney flied out to right , Johnson to third . Miles struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Clayton lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Finley flied out to center . Alomar struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Good pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton flied out to left . Reyes flied out to left . Burnitz walked . Castilla walked , Burnitz to second . Gonzalez walked , Burnitz to third , Castilla to second . Greene hit for Lopez . Johnson homered to left center , Burnitz , Castilla and Gonzalez scored . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Greene singled to deep left . Reed pitching for Rockies . Miles struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Sexson grounded out to third . Cintron singled to right . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cintron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton walked . Helton singled to right , Clayton to second . Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes walked , Clayton to third , Helton to second . Burnitz struck out looking . Castilla struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Sexson 's first HR sparks Diamondbacks to win