Padres - Top 1st . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Burroughs singled to left . Loretta fouled out to right . Giles grounded out to shortstop , Burroughs to second . Nevin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Eaton pitching for Padres . Gonzalez struck out looking . Clayton hit ground rule double to deep left center . Sweeney singled to right , Clayton scored . Castilla homered to left , Sweeney scored . Burnitz struck out looking . Holliday flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Klesko grounded out to first . Payton singled to right . Hernandez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Greene doubled to deep center . Reyes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Greene . Jennings struck out bunting foul . Gonzalez singled to right , Greene scored , Reyes to third , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Clayton popped out to third . Sweeney walked . Castilla flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Greene singled to left center . Eaton doubled to deep center , Greene scored . Burroughs struck out swinging . Loretta grounded out to third , Eaton to third . Giles walked . Giles stole second . Nevin singled to left , Eaton and Giles scored . Klesko flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Eaton pitching for Padres . Burnitz popped out to third . Holliday singled to right . Greene lined into double play , second to first , Holliday doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Payton reached on infield single to third . Hernandez lined out to right . Greene struck out swinging . Eaton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Reyes grounded out to first . Jennings grounded out to first . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Burroughs grounded out to first . Loretta singled to center . Giles flied out to left . Nevin singled to right , Loretta to second . Klesko walked , Loretta to third , Nevin to second . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Loretta out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Clayton walked . Sweeney doubled to deep left center , Clayton scored . Castilla grounded out to second , Sweeney to third . Burnitz lined out to third . Holliday homered to right , Sweeney scored . Greene flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Jennings pitching for Rockies . Hernandez struck out looking . Greene flied out to right . Eaton singled to left . Burroughs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Reyes reached on infield single to third . Jennings bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Reyes out at second . Gonzalez flied out to center . Jennings to second on passed ball by Hernandez . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Clayton singled to center , Clayton out at second , Jennings scored advancing on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Loretta grounded out to second . Giles flied out to right . Witasick pitching for Padres . Nevin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Witasick pitching for Padres . Sweeney struck out looking . Castilla reached on infield single to third . Burnitz popped out to shortstop . Holliday safe at first on error by center fielder Payton , Castilla to third . Greene doubled to deep left , Castilla and Holliday scored . Hocking in right field . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Klesko walked . Payton flied out to center . Hernandez singled to right , Klesko to second . Robinson hit for Witasick . Greene flied out to center . Puffer pitching for Padres . Hawpe hit for Harikkala . Robinson fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Puffer pitching for Padres . Hawpe walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Clayton singled to right , Hawpe to third . Sweeney grounded out to second , Hawpe scored , Clayton to second . Castilla homered to left , Clayton scored . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Hocking at shortstop . Hawpe in right field . Cirillo hit for Burroughs . Hocking flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Cirillo walked . Loretta singled to center , Cirillo to third . Giles tripled to deep right , Cirillo and Loretta scored . Nevin singled to center , Giles scored . Klesko struck out swinging . Payton fouled out to first . Hernandez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Rockies 13 .	Castilla blasts two more as Rockies snap streak