Red Sox - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Damon singled to right . Bellhorn struck out looking . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Miles grounded out to third . Clayton singled to left center . Helton grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Ramirez doubled to deep right center . Garciaparra flied out to right , Ramirez to third . Varitek walked . Youkilis struck out looking , Ramirez scored . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Castilla homered to right . Burnitz lined out to first . Holliday singled to center . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at second . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Kapler reached on infield single to shortstop . Arroyo struck out looking . Kapler stole second . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop , Kapler to third . Bellhorn doubled to deep center , Kapler and Damon scored . Millar hit by pitch . Ramirez walked , Bellhorn to third , Millar to second . Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to right , Bellhorn scored , Millar to third . Varitek walked , Ramirez to second . Youkilis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Kennedy popped out to second . Miles singled to left . Clayton grounded out to pitcher , Miles to second . Helton walked . Castilla singled to right center , Miles scored , Helton to third . Burnitz singled to right , Helton scored , Castilla to third , Castilla scored , Burnitz to second on throwing error by right fielder Kapler . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Kapler flied out to center . Arroyo struck out swinging . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Sweeney grounded out to second . Johnson popped out to second . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Rockies . Bellhorn doubled to right center . Millar singled to left , Bellhorn to third . Ramirez walked , Millar to second . Garciaparra lined out to third . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bellhorn out at home , Millar to third , Ramirez to second . Youkilis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Miles grounded out to pitcher . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Simpson pitching for Rockies . Kapler singled to left . Arroyo sacrificed to first , Kapler to second . Damon grounded out to second , Kapler to third . Bellhorn walked . Reed pitching for Rockies . Ortiz hit for Millar . Ortiz at first base . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Castilla struck out swinging . Burnitz singled to center . Holliday struck out looking . Burnitz caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Ramirez flied out to left . Garciaparra lined out to shortstop . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Sweeney grounded out to second . Freeman hit for Reed . Johnson struck out swinging . Freeman in center field . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Burnitz in right field . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Youkilis grounded out to third . McCarty hit for Williamson . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . Embree pitching for Red Sox . McCarty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Miles grounded out to first . Clayton doubled to right . Clayton stole third . Helton homered to right , Clayton scored . Castilla doubled to left center . Burnitz struck out swinging . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Damon fouled out to catcher . Bellhorn hit by pitch . Ortiz fouled out to catcher . Bellhorn to second on fielder 's indifference . Ramirez walked . Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop , Bellhorn to third , Ramirez to second . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 3 - Rockies 6 .	Red Sox lose in Colorado Kennedy compound