Brewers - Top 1st . Stark pitching for Rockies . Clark popped out to second . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Santos pitching for Brewers . Miles flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Stark pitching for Rockies . Overbay singled to center . Grieve singled to left center , Overbay to second . Helms sacrificed to pitcher , Overbay to third , Grieve to second . Bennett grounded out to second , Overbay scored , Grieve to third . Counsell intentionally walked . Santos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Wilson flied out to center . Castilla flied out to center . Burnitz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Stark pitching for Rockies . Clark singled to left center . Spivey singled to left , Clark to third . Jenkins singled to right , Clark scored , Spivey to second . Overbay doubled to deep left center , Spivey and Jenkins scored . Grieve grounded out to second , Overbay to third . Helms walked . Bennett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helms out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Santos pitching for Brewers . Holliday singled to center . Johnson doubled to deep center , Holliday scored . Stark bunt grounded out to first . Miles flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Stark pitching for Rockies . Counsell doubled to deep right center . Santos sacrificed to catcher , Counsell to third . Clark popped out to second . Spivey walked . Spivey stole second . Jenkins safe at third on error by center fielder Wilson , Counsell and Spivey scored . Jenkins scored on Stark 's wild pitch . Overbay walked . Grieve singled to shallow right , Overbay to third . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Helms singled to left , Overbay scored , Grieve to second . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helms out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Helton homered to right . Wilson grounded out to third . Castilla struck out swinging . Burnitz singled to deep right , Burnitz to second on error by right fielder Grieve . Holliday grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Counsell singled to center . Counsell stole second . Santos sacrificed to pitcher , Counsell to third . Clark walked . Spivey struck out swinging . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sweeney hit for Dohmann . Santos pitching for Brewers . Johnson flied out to center . Sweeney popped out to third . Miles singled to center . Gonzalez singled to center , Miles to second . Helton singled to left , Miles scored , Gonzalez to second . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Hocking at shortstop . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Overbay safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hocking . Grieve doubled to deep right , Overbay to third . Helms singled to left , Overbay scored , Grieve to third . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grieve scored , Helms out at second . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bennett out at second . Santos grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Santos pitching for Brewers . Castilla reached on infield single to third . Burnitz flied out to center . Holliday doubled to deep center , Castilla scored . Johnson grounded out to third . Hocking flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Clark fouled out to first . Spivey walked . Jenkins grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Spivey out at second . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bennett pitching for Brewers . Miles singled to right . Fassero grounded out to shortstop , Miles to second . Helton flied out to center , Miles to third . Wilson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Fassero pitching for Rockies . Grieve singled to left . Helms popped out to second . Bennett flied out to center . Ginter hit for Bennett . Counsell singled to left , Grieve to second . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Ginter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Castilla walked . Burnitz singled to right , Castilla to second . Holliday singled to right , Castilla scored , Burnitz to third . Walker hit for Hocking . Vizcaino pitching for Brewers . Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop , Burnitz scored , Holliday to second . Walker safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay , Holliday to third , Johnson to second . Clayton hit for Fassero . Miles singled to right , Holliday and Johnson scored , Walker to third . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton hit sacrifice fly to right , Walker scored . Clayton at shortstop . Reed pitching for Rockies . Burnitz in center field . Walker in right field . Wilson flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Clark flied out to center . Spivey grounded out to shortstop . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Castilla walked . Burnitz grounded out to second , Castilla to second . Holliday grounded out to shortstop , Castilla to third . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 10 - Rockies 9 .	Brewers hop to lead , then Kolb holds off Rockies