Tigers - Top 1st . Estes pitching for Rockies . Sanchez flied out to center . Infante flied out to right . Rodriguez doubled to deep right center . Young doubled to right center , Rodriguez scored . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Clayton struck out looking . Helton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Estes pitching for Rockies . White singled to center . Pena singled to right center , White to third . Monroe safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla , White scored , Pena to third . Knotts sacrificed to pitcher , Monroe to second . Sanchez reached on infield single to first , Pena scored , Monroe to third . Infante doubled to deep center , Monroe and Sanchez scored , Infante out at third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Castilla grounded out to third . Burnitz grounded out to second . Wilson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Young popped out to shortstop . Guillen walked . White grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second , White to first , White to second on throwing error by second baseman Miles . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Holliday singled to right center . Greene popped out to shortstop . Estes sacrificed to pitcher , Holliday to second . Miles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Monroe lined out to shortstop . Knotts walked . Sanchez tripled to right , Knotts scored . Infante singled to right center , Sanchez scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Clayton flied out to right . Helton flied out to left . Castilla grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Guillen grounded out to third . White singled to center . Pena flied out to left . Monroe doubled to deep left , White scored . Knotts grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Burnitz grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to left , Wilson to second on error by left fielder White . Holliday singled to center , Wilson scored . Johnson hit for Estes . Greene fouled out to third . Johnson walked , Holliday to second . Miles singled to center , Holliday scored , Johnson to second . Clayton singled to center , Johnson scored , Miles to second . Helton walked , Miles to third , Clayton to second . Castilla doubled to deep right center , Miles , Clayton and Helton scored . Burnitz walked . Wilson grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Sanchez flied out to center . Infante grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to right center . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Knotts pitching for Tigers . Holliday walked . Greene popped out to second . Bernero sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Holliday to second . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Miles reached on bunt single to pitcher , Holliday to third , Bernero to second . Clayton tripled to right , Holliday , Bernero and Miles scored . Helton walked . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clayton scored , Helton out at second . Burnitz struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Bernero pitching for Rockies . Guillen lined out to right . White struck out swinging . Pena flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Dingman pitching for Tigers . Wilson doubled to left . Holliday grounded out to first , Wilson to third . Walker hit for Bernero . Greene struck out swinging . Walker intentionally walked . Miles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Monroe grounded out to third . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Munson walked . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Munson out at second . Infante singled to left , Sanchez to second . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . German pitching for Tigers . Clayton struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Tigers . Helton singled to shallow center . Castilla struck out swinging . Burnitz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Young grounded out to second . Detroit 's Guillen ejected by Cederstrom in the 9th . White fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Rockies 10 .	Rockies scale eight - run deficit to beat Tigers