Rockies - Top 1st . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton walked . Castilla flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wright pitching for Rockies . Finley hit by pitch . Tracy grounded out to third , Finley to second . Bautista flied into double play , right to second to catcher , Finley doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker walked . Wilson walked , Walker to second . Burnitz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wilson out at second , Walker to third . Johnson singled to center , Walker scored . Wright flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez singled to right . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . Hairston singled to center . Cintron walked , Hairston to second . Mayne walked , Hairston to third , Cintron to second . Cormier walked , Hairston scored , Cintron to third , Mayne to second . Finley grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Clayton flied out to center . Helton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Rockies . Tracy grounded out to third . Bautista singled to center . Gonzalez walked , Bautista to second . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second , Bautista to third . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hillenbrand out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla homered to left . Walker singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Walker out at second . Burnitz walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Cintron singled to right . Mayne flied into double play , center to second to first , Cintron doubled off first . Cormier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright grounded out to third . Miles homered to right . Clayton grounded out to second . Helton homered to right . Castilla grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wright pitching for Rockies . Finley flied out to left . Tracy singled to right center , Tracy to second on error by center fielder Wilson . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Tracy to third . Gonzalez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker homered to left . Wilson flied out to left . Burnitz grounded out to second . Greene hit for Wright . Johnson singled to right . Driskill pitching for Rockies . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Driskill pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand singled to center . Hairston singled to left , Hillenbrand to second . Cintron popped out to third . Baerga hit for Cormier . Mayne singled to left , Hillenbrand scored , Hairston to second . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mayne out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks . Miles safe at first on error by third baseman Tracy . Clayton flied out to right . Helton walked , Miles to second . Castilla flied out to center . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Walker walked , Miles to third , Helton to second . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Wilson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Finley fouled out to first . Tracy flied out to left . Bautista walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Burnitz grounded out to first . Holliday hit for Dohmann . Johnson singled to left center . Holliday struck out swinging . Reed pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Rockies . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Hairston popped out to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Olson at shortstop . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Clayton walked . Helton safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand , Clayton to third . Castilla struck out swinging . Walker doubled to deep center , Clayton and Helton scored . Wilson grounded out to shortstop , Walker to third . Burnitz singled to right , Walker scored . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Johnson popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Mayne singled to left . Olson grounded into double play , second to first , Mayne out at second . Finley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Rockies turn two 5 times in latest D - Backs loss