Phillies - Top 1st . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Hernández flied out to left . Hoskins safe at first on error by catcher Grandal . Herrera walked , Hoskins to second . Santana walked , Hoskins to third , Herrera to second . Hoskins scored , Herrera to third , Santana to second on wild pitch by Stewart . Franco popped out to second . Williams struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Pederson popped out to shortstop . Muncy walked . Turner grounded into double play , first to second to first , Muncy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Kingery singled to left . Alfaro singled to center , Kingery to second . Velasquez sacrificed to catcher , Kingery to third , Alfaro to second . Hernández homered to right center ( 395 feet ) , Kingery and Alfaro scored . Hoskins struck out swinging . Herrera reached on bunt single to third . Santana singled to right , Herrera to third . Franco grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Grandal struck out looking . Bellinger flied out to center . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Kingery popped out to second . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Utley struck out swinging . Puig grounded out to third . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Velasquez struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to first . Hoskins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Pederson popped out to pitcher . Muncy struck out looking . Turner fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Herrera grounded out to second . Santana doubled to right . Franco grounded out to third . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . Bellinger walked . Taylor struck out swinging . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Goeddel pitching for Dodgers . Kingery grounded out to shortstop . Alfaro doubled to deep center . Velasquez struck out swinging . Hernández flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Puig singled to left center , Puig to second on error by left fielder Hoskins . Forsythe hit for Goeddel . Forsythe grounded out to third , Puig to third . Pederson doubled to left , Puig scored . Muncy grounded out to second , Pederson to third . Turner singled to left center , Pederson scored . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Turner to second on wild pitch by Dominguez . Grandal grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . García pitching for Dodgers . Hoskins lined out to second . Herrera struck out swinging . Santana popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Bellinger struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Franco fouled out to catcher . Williams hit by pitch . Kingery flied out to left . Alfaro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Altherr in right field . García pitching for Phillies . Puig reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp hit for García . Kemp doubled to center , Puig scored . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Hernández hit for Pederson . Hernández safe at first on error by second baseman Hernández , Kemp to third . Muncy reached on infield single to pitcher , Kemp scored , Hernández to second . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Muncy out at second , Hernández to third . Turner to second on wild pitch by Morgan . Grandal singled to left center , Hernández scored , Turner to third . Bellinger struck out looking . Arano pitching for Phillies . Grandal stole second . Taylor struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 9th . Hernández at second base . Kemp in left field . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Altherr struck out swinging . Hernández grounded out to second . Florimón hit for Hoskins . Florimón struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 4 - Dodgers 5 .	Dodgers cash in on late rally to beat Phillies 5 - 4