Dodgers - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Taylor grounded out to first . Muncy singled to left center . Turner struck out swinging . Kemp hit ground rule double to right , Muncy to third . Bellinger grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Harrison hit by pitch . Meadows reached on infield single to second , Harrison tagged out at third . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Meadows out at second . Cervelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Puig struck out swinging . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson hit by pitch . Freese struck out swinging . Moran walked , Dickerson to second . Rodríguez walked , Dickerson to third , Moran to second . Williams struck out looking . Harrison doubled to left , Dickerson , Moran and Rodríguez scored . Meadows walked . Hudson pitching for Dodgers . Marte singled to center , Harrison scored , Meadows to third . Marte stole second . Cervelli grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Muncy walked . Turner walked , Muncy to second . Kemp doubled to deep center , Muncy and Turner scored . Bellinger homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Kemp scored . Puig grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson singled to left center . Freese walked , Dickerson to second . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dickerson scored on throwing error by first baseman Muncy , Freese safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Muncy . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Bell hit for Williams . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freese scored , Moran out at second . Harrison singled to shallow right , Bell to second . Meadows popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Forsythe flied out to right . Barnes struck out looking . Hudson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Marte flied out to center . Cervelli walked . Dickerson singled to center , Cervelli to second . Freese doubled to left , Cervelli and Dickerson scored . Moran grounded out to first , Freese to third . Rodríguez intentionally walked . Brault grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Taylor popped out to shortstop . Muncy singled to right center . Turner walked , Muncy to second . Kemp homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Muncy and Turner scored . Bellinger walked . Puig grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bellinger out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Stewart pitching for Dodgers . Harrison flied out to center . Meadows grounded out to first . Marte hit by pitch . Cervelli popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Forsythe grounded out to third . Barnes singled to center . Valera hit for Stewart . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Valera lined into double play , left to first , Barnes doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop . Freese walked , Dickerson to second . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freese out at second , Dickerson to third . García pitching for Dodgers . Rodríguez singled to left , Dickerson scored , Moran to second . Polanco hit for Rodríguez . Polanco doubled to right , Moran and Rodríguez scored , Polanco out stretching at third . Harrison walked . Meadows popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Polanco in right field . Santana pitching for Pirates . Taylor grounded out to third . Muncy flied out to right . Turner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Goeddel pitching for Dodgers . Marte walked . Cervelli struck out swinging , Marte stole second . Dickerson flied out to left . Freese fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Kemp walked . Kemp to second on wild pitch by Crick . Bellinger walked . Kemp to third , Bellinger to second on wild pitch by Crick . Puig fouled out to right . Forsythe popped out to second . Grandal hit for Barnes . Kemp scored , Bellinger to third on balk by Crick . Grandal singled to right , Bellinger scored . Pederson hit for Goeddel . Frazier in left field . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Hernández hit for Pederson . Hernández struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Grandal catching . Cingrani pitching for Dodgers . Moran walked . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Rodríguez popped out to shortstop . Polanco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Moran out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Vazquez pitching for Pirates . Taylor walked . Muncy struck out looking . Turner walked , Taylor to second . Kemp lined out to second . Bellinger grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Pirates 11 .	Pirates break out of funk , topple Dodgers 11 - 9