Pirates - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Meadows popped out to shortstop . Harrison safe at first on error by shortstop Taylor . Polanco lined into double play , to first , Harrison doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Pederson grounded out to shortstop . Muncy safe at second on error by pitcher Kingham . Turner lined out to right . Muncy to third on balk by Kingham . Bellinger reached on infield single to pitcher , Muncy scored . Kemp singled to center , Bellinger to third . Grandal walked , Kemp to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Díaz homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Moran grounded out to shortstop . Freese struck out swinging . Dickerson singled to left . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercer batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Puig grounded out to shortstop . Wood reached on infield single to shortstop . Pederson flied out to right . Muncy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Kingham grounded out to third . Meadows flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Turner flied out to center . Bellinger homered to center ( 408 feet ) . Kemp doubled to deep left . Grandal walked . Taylor walked , Kemp to third , Grandal to second . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kemp scored , Taylor out at second , Grandal to third . Wood flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Harrison flied out to center . Polanco fouled out to right . Díaz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Kingham pitching for Pirates . Pederson homered to right center ( 372 feet ) . Muncy homered to right center ( 414 feet ) . Turner doubled to right . Stallings catching . Anderson pitching for Pirates . Bellinger grounded out to shortstop , Turner to third . Kemp singled to center , Turner scored . Grandal doubled to left , Kemp to third . Taylor singled to center , Kemp scored , Grandal to third . Puig doubled to deep center , Grandal scored , Taylor to third , Taylor scored on error by center fielder Meadows . Wood grounded out to pitcher , Puig to third . Pederson lined out to first . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Moran popped out to second . Freese struck out swinging . Dickerson singled to left . Mercer singled to left , Dickerson to second . Stallings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Pirates . Muncy grounded out to third . Turner singled to left center . Bellinger walked , Turner to second . Kemp singled to right , Turner to third , Bellinger to second . Grandal walked , Turner scored , Bellinger to third , Kemp to second . Taylor singled to center , Bellinger scored , Kemp to third , Grandal to second . Puig reached on infield single to shortstop , Kemp scored , Grandal to third , Taylor to second . Wood struck out looking . Pederson fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Muncy at third base . Forsythe at second base . Utley at first base . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Meadows singled to center . Harrison grounded into double play , third to second to first , Meadows out at second . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Moroff hit for Anderson . Moroff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Moroff at second base . Brault pitching for Pirates . Muncy walked . Forsythe singled to left , Muncy to second . Utley flied out to left . Kemp homered to left center ( 403 feet ) , Muncy and Forsythe scored . Grandal singled to right . Taylor reached on infield single to third , Grandal to second . Puig doubled to left , Grandal scored , Taylor to third . Hernández hit for Wood . Hernández flied out to right . Pederson grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Pederson in left field . Hernández in center field . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Moran grounded out to shortstop . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to center . Mercer doubled to right , Dickerson to third . Stallings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Muncy lined out to center . Forsythe flied out to center . Utley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Meadows grounded out to second . Bell hit for Brault . Bell reached on infield single to pitcher . Bell out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Pirates . Ferguson struck out looking . Grandal struck out looking . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Moroff struck out swinging . Moran grounded out to second . Freese fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Dodgers 17 .	Kemp ties career - high hit mark in Dodgers rout