Dodgers - Top 1st . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out swinging . Turner flied out to center . Muncy walked . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Muncy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Jay grounded out to third . Marte singled to right center . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger homered to right ( 422 feet ) . Puig lined out to left . Grandal singled to right center . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal out at second . Buehler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Descalso lined out to left . Pollock popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson walked . Turner singled to shallow left , Pederson to second . Muncy struck out looking . Machado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Owings walked . Murphy struck out swinging . Koch sacrificed to catcher , Owings to second . Jay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger singled to right . Puig grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bellinger out at second . Grandal singled to right . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Marte grounded out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Buehler walked . Pederson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Buehler out at second . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner grounded out to shortstop , Pederson to second . Muncy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Descalso flied out to left . Pollock singled to left . Owings grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Machado grounded out to second . Bellinger flied out to left . Puig grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Buehler pitching for Dodgers . Murphy flied out to left . Brito hit for Sherfy . Brito flied out to left . Jay singled to right . Marte walked , Jay to second . Peralta doubled to deep center , Jay and Marte scored . Peralta to third on passed ball by Grandal . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal tripled to deep center . Locastro ran for Grandal . Hernández singled to center , Locastro scored . Utley hit for Buehler . Utley flied out to left . Pederson struck out swinging . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner walked , Hernández to second . Muncy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Barnes catching . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Descalso struck out swinging . Floro pitching for Dodgers . Pollock singled to right . Owings doubled to center , Pollock to third . Escobar hit for Murphy . Escobar intentionally walked . Vargas hit for Ziegler . Vargas singled to center , Pollock scored , Owings to third , Escobar to second . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Owings out at home , Escobar to third , Vargas to second . Marte lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Owings in right field . Escobar at third base . Stewart catching . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Machado doubled to left center . Bellinger flied out to center . Puig struck out swinging . Verdugo hit for Wood . Verdugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rosscup pitching for Dodgers . Peralta walked . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta safe at second on error by third baseman Turner . Descalso flied out to left . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at second , Peralta to third . Pollock stole second . Owings fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Marte at second base . Ahmed at shortstop . Boxberger pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández singled to center . Taylor hit for Barnes . Hernández stole second . Hernández safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stewart . Taylor hit ground rule double to deep right , Hernández scored . Pederson flied out to left . Turner grounded out to third . Muncy flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gale catching . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Escobar homered to right ( 409 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Escobar 's home lifts D - Backs over Dodgers , tightens NL West