Dodgers - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson struck out looking . Turner lined out to right . Muncy reached on infield single to shortstop . Machado singled to left center , Muncy to second . Bellinger singled to right center , Muncy scored , Machado to third . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bellinger out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Marte walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marte out at second . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal doubled to deep right . Taylor struck out swinging . Stripling singled to center , Grandal scored . Pederson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stripling out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Brito homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Pollock tripled to deep left . Ahmed doubled to right , Pollock scored . Mathis grounded out to third , Ahmed to third . Greinke singled to center , Ahmed scored . Marte singled to right , Greinke to second . Escobar lined out to right , Greinke to third , Marte to second . Peralta walked . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner singled to deep center . Muncy singled to right , Turner to second . Machado flied out to left , Turner to third , Muncy to second . Bellinger intentionally walked . Puig lined out to shortstop . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Brito walked . Pollock flied out to center . Ahmed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Brito out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor struck out swinging . Utley hit for Báez . Utley walked . Pederson grounded out to first , Utley to second . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Mathis popped out to third . Greinke flied out to right . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Muncy grounded out to shortstop . Machado grounded out to third . Bellinger reached on infield single to shortstop . Puig flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Alexander pitching for Dodgers . Escobar singled to left center . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop , Escobar to second . Brito struck out looking . Pollock homered to center ( 422 feet ) , Escobar and Goldschmidt scored . García pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal struck out swinging . Taylor grounded out to third . Verdugo hit for García . Verdugo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Madson pitching for Dodgers . Mathis struck out swinging . Jay hit for Greinke . Jay struck out looking . Marte singled to left center , Marte to second on error by center fielder Bellinger . Escobar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Diekman pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández hit for Pederson . Hernández popped out to second . Turner lined out to right . Muncy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hernández in left field . Ferguson pitching for Dodgers . Peralta homered to right ( 449 feet ) . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Brito grounded out to third . Pollock grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Machado grounded out to second . Bellinger struck out swinging . Puig lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Venditte pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed walked . Mathis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ahmed out at second . Vargas hit for Ziegler . Vargas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal grounded out to second . Toles hit for Taylor . Toles flied out to left . Kemp hit for Venditte . Kemp singled to center . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Diamondbacks drop Dodgers to second in NL West with 7 - 2 win