Indians - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Brantley singled to center. Kipnis flied out to center. Choo flied out to left. Brantley stole second. Santana walked. Hafner singled to left, Brantley scored, Santana to third. Duncan flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Figgins grounded out to second. Ackley grounded out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Kotchman grounded out to third. Hannahan flied out to left. Donald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Smoak singled to left. Seager grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Smoak out at second. Montero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Brantley grounded out to first. Kipnis grounded out to first. Choo singled to center. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Saunders lined out to left. Ryan walked. Jaso homered to right (376 feet), Ryan scored. Figgins walked. Ackley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Figgins out at second. Suzuki grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Hafner grounded out to third. Duncan singled to center. Kotchman lined into double play, to first, Duncan doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Smoak singled to left center. Seager singled to right, Smoak to second. Montero lined out to left. Saunders singled to right, Smoak to third, Seager to second. Ryan walked, Smoak scored, Seager to third, Saunders to second. Jaso hit by pitch, Seager scored, Saunders to third, Ryan to second. Figgins hit sacrifice fly to center, Saunders scored, Ryan to third. Ackley walked, Jaso to second. Suzuki singled to right, Ryan and Jaso scored, Ackley to third. Smoak singled to right center, Ackley scored, Suzuki to second. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Seager flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Hannahan doubled to deep center. Donald singled to right, Hannahan to third. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hannahan scored, Donald safe at second on error by shortstop Ryan. Kipnis singled to left, Donald to third, Brantley to second. Choo singled to center, Donald and Brantley scored, Kipnis to second. Santana homered to right (368 feet), Kipnis and Choo scored. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Hafner grounded out to second. Duncan walked. Kotchman doubled to deep right, Duncan to third. Hannahan walked. Donald hit sacrifice fly to center, Duncan scored. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Brantley grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Montero walked. Saunders safe at first on error by third baseman Hannahan, Montero to second. Ryan struck out swinging. Jaso struck out swinging. Figgins lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Kipnis popped out to shortstop. Choo struck out looking. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Indians. Ackley flied out to left. Suzuki flied out to left. Smoak singled to left center. Seager grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Hafner singled to center. Duncan walked, Hafner to second. Kotchman struck out swinging. Hannahan struck out swinging. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Donald singled to right, Hafner scored, Duncan to second. Brantley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Cunningham in left field. Smith pitching for Indians. Montero flied out to right. Saunders flied out to center. Ryan walked. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Kipnis struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Santana flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Figgins struck out looking. Ackley grounded out to first. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Hafner struck out looking. Cunningham singled to left. Cunningham to second on wild pitch by Luetge. Kotchman grounded out to first, Cunningham to third. Hannahan walked. Delabar pitching for Mariners. Donald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Smoak grounded out to first. Seager singled to right. Kawasaki ran for Seager. Montero singled to center, Kawasaki to third. Olivo ran for Montero. Saunders flied out to left. Ryan walked, Olivo to second. Jaso flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Mariners 8.	Indians rally, hold off Mariners for win