Mariners - Top 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Ackley flied out to right. Wells walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Jeter struck out swinging. Granderson popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Montero lined out to shortstop. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Liddi walked. Carp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Cano flied out to left. Teixeira flied out to left. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Saunders grounded out to second. Ryan grounded out to first. Ackley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Ibanez flied out to center. Chavez doubled to deep center. Martin walked. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Wells grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to second. Montero walked. Smoak homered to left (382 feet), Montero scored. Liddi flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Granderson struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Carp popped out to shortstop. Saunders reached on bunt single to first. Ryan struck out swinging. Saunders caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ackley batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Teixeira reached on infield single to catcher. Swisher singled to deep right, Teixeira to third. Ibanez walked, Swisher to second. Chavez struck out looking. Martin walked, Teixeira scored, Swisher to third, Ibanez to second. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Ackley singled to right center. Ackley to second on wild pitch by Pettitte. Wells homered to right (340 feet), Ackley scored. Suzuki grounded out to second. Montero singled to deep right. Smoak singled to center, Montero to second. Liddi singled to left, Montero to third, Smoak to second. Carp grounded into double play, first to catcher, Montero out at home. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Granderson walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Granderson out at second. Cano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Saunders grounded out to first. Wade pitching for Yankees. Ryan grounded out to first. Ackley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Teixeira popped out to shortstop. Swisher flied out to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Wells struck out looking. Suzuki doubled to left. Montero grounded out to third. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Chavez singled to center. Martin struck out looking. Jeter singled to left, Chavez to second. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Granderson struck out swinging. Delabar pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez walked, Chavez to third, Jeter to second. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Cano walked, Chavez scored, Jeter to third, Rodriguez to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Liddi doubled to deep right center. Rapada pitching for Yankees. Carp struck out swinging. Saunders flied out to right. Ryan walked. Ackley walked, Liddi to third, Ryan to second. Wells reached on infield single to pitcher, Liddi scored, Ryan to third, Ackley to second, Ryan scored, Ackley to third on throwing error by pitcher Rapada. Suzuki popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Mariners. Swisher doubled to deep left, Swisher out stretching at third. Ibanez flied out to left. Chavez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Yankees 2.	M's roll to spoil Pettitte's return