Mariners - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki struck out swinging. Jaso struck out swinging. Wells singled to left. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Young flied out to center. Hill homered to left (389 feet). Upton struck out swinging. Kubel homered to left (393 feet). Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Saunders grounded out to first. Ackley fouled out to third. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Montero grounded out to shortstop. Roberts flied out to right. McDonald grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Vargas singled to right center. Suzuki singled to left, Vargas to second. Jaso doubled to right, Vargas scored, Suzuki to third. Wells singled to left center, Suzuki and Jaso scored. Seager homered to right (421 feet), Wells scored. Saunders flied out to center. Ackley grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Cahill grounded out to first. Young flied out to center. Hill doubled to left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop. Kawasaki grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Ryan out at second. Vargas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Kubel walked. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Montero homered to right (406 feet), Kubel scored. Roberts flied out to center. McDonald homered to left (394 feet). Cahill flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki flied out to center. Jaso struck out looking. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Mariners. Young doubled to deep center. Hill walked. Upton homered to center (457 feet), Young and Hill scored. Kubel struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center. Montero singled to center, Goldschmidt to second. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Roberts singled to right center, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. McDonald doubled to left, Montero scored, Roberts to third. Cahill struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Seager doubled to right. Saunders grounded out to first, Seager to third. Ackley grounded out to second, Seager scored. Ryan doubled to deep left center. Kawasaki struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Hill flied out to left. Upton singled to left. Seager at second base. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Figgins at third base. Kubel struck out looking. Goldschmidt doubled to left, Upton to third. Montero singled to right, Upton and Goldschmidt scored. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Roberts inside-the-park home run to deep right center, Montero scored. McDonald flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Breslow pitching for Diamondbacks. Parra in right field. Figgins singled to left. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Olivo hit for Jaso. Olivo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Figgins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Olivo catching. Iwakuma pitching for Mariners. Parra singled to right. Young flied out to left. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks. Wells walked. Seager singled to left, Wells to third, Seager out stretching at second. Saunders reached on infield single to first, Wells scored. Ackley walked, Saunders to second. Ryan struck out swinging. Gutierrez hit for Iwakuma. Saunders to third, Ackley to second on passed ball by Montero. Gutierrez homered to left (411 feet), Saunders and Ackley scored. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Figgins singled to right. Suzuki struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Mariners. Bell hit for Shaw. Bell struck out looking. Kubel grounded out to first. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo struck out swinging. Wells struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 10 - Diamondbacks 14.	D-backs hit 6 HRs, top Mariners in slugfest