Mariners - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Suzuki safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Forsythe. Gutierrez homered to left (392 feet), Suzuki scored. Seager flied out to center. Smoak struck out looking. Wells flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 1st. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Venable struck out swinging. Maybin struck out looking. Headley walked. Quentin fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Olivo homered to left (375 feet). Ackley grounded out to pitcher. Ryan grounded out to second. Millwood struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Alonso flied out to right. Forsythe lined out to second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Suzuki singled to left center. Gutierrez singled to right, Suzuki to third. Seager grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gutierrez out at second. Smoak hit sacrifice fly to center, Suzuki scored. Seager stole second. Wells walked. Olivo walked, Seager to third, Wells to second. Ackley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Hundley safe at first on error by third baseman Seager. Richard sacrificed to pitcher, Hundley to second. Venable singled to left, Hundley to third. Maybin grounded out to shortstop, Hundley scored, Venable to second. Headley singled to center, Venable scored. Quentin flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Ryan lined out to first. Millwood struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Alonso hit by pitch. Forsythe reached on infield single to shortstop, Alonso to second. Cabrera doubled to left, Alonso scored, Forsythe to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Richard doubled to deep right, Forsythe and Cabrera scored. Venable singled to right, Richard scored. Maybin safe at first on error by third baseman Seager, Venable to second. Venable stole third, Maybin stole second. Headley hit sacrifice fly to left, Venable scored. Quentin grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Gutierrez singled to center. Seager struck out swinging. Smoak grounded out to third, Gutierrez to second. Wells safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley, Gutierrez scored. Olivo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 5th. Millwood pitching for Mariners. Alonso flied out to right. Forsythe doubled to deep left center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Forsythe to third. Hundley intentionally walked. Richard singled to center, Forsythe scored, Hundley to third, Richard to second advancing on throw. Venable intentionally walked. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Venable out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Ackley grounded out to second. Ryan flied out to center. Figgins hit for Millwood. Figgins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Headley grounded out to shortstop. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Alonso singled to right. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Richard pitching for Padres. Suzuki singled to left. Gutierrez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. Seager walked. Thayer pitching for Padres. Smoak reached on infield single to pitcher, Seager to second. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Cabrera struck out looking. Hundley flied out to center. Guzman hit for Thayer. Guzman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Olivo flied out to center. Ackley struck out swinging. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Mariners. Venable doubled to right center. Maybin reached on bunt single to catcher, Venable to third. Headley hit sacrifice fly to right, Venable scored. Quentin grounded out to third, Maybin to second. Alonso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Denorfia in left field. Saunders hit for Perez. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Saunders grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to center. Gutierrez singled to left, Suzuki to second. Seager flied out to left. Street pitching for Padres. Smoak flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Padres 9.	Padres' Richard yields 5 runs, drives in 3 in win