Twins - Top 1st. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Revere grounded out to second. Casilla grounded out to pitcher. Mauer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Deduno pitching for Twins. Ackley singled to right center. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ackley out at second. Seager singled to left, Saunders to third. Jaso grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Willingham doubled to deep left. Morneau walked. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morneau out at second, Willingham to third. Plouffe hit sacrifice fly to left, Willingham scored. Carson singled to left, Doumit to second. Florimon struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Montero grounded out to second. Smoak struck out looking. Thames singled to left center. Robinson walked, Thames to second. Kawasaki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Robinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Revere lined out to left. Casilla bunt grounded out to pitcher. Mauer reached on infield single to shortstop. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Ackley walked. Saunders singled to center, Ackley to second. Seager walked, Ackley to third, Saunders to second. Jaso walked, Ackley scored, Saunders to third, Seager to second. Montero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Saunders scored, Jaso out at second, Seager to third. Smoak walked. Thames grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Morneau flied out to center. Doumit singled to right center. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Doumit out at second. Carson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Robinson struck out swinging. Kawasaki grounded out to first. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Florimon doubled to deep left center. Revere struck out swinging. Casilla grounded out to first, Florimon to third. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Saunders hit by pitch. Saunders stole second. Seager walked. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Seager out at second, Saunders to third. Montero lined out to shortstop. Smoak popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Beavan pitching for Mariners. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop. Doumit singled to right, Morneau to second. Capps pitching for Mariners. Plouffe walked, Morneau to third, Doumit to second. Carson struck out swinging. Florimon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Thames singled to center. Robinson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Thames out at second. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Mariners. Revere grounded out to first. Casilla walked. Mauer struck out looking. Kinney pitching for Mariners. Casilla stole second. Willingham flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Gray pitching for Twins. Ackley doubled to deep right. Saunders homered to right (406 feet), Ackley scored. Seager flied out to left. Jaso walked. Montero flied out to right. Smoak singled to right, Jaso to third. Thames doubled to right, Jaso scored, Smoak to third. Robinson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Kinney pitching for Mariners. Morneau flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to second. Plouffe flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Kawasaki struck out looking. Ackley struck out looking. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Kinney pitching for Mariners. Carson grounded out to pitcher. Florimon walked. Revere walked, Florimon to second. Casilla lined out to center. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Mariners 5.	Saunders, Beavan guide Mariners past Twins