Mariners - Top 1st. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Ackley doubled to right. Gutierrez singled to shallow right, Ackley to third. Seager singled to center, Ackley scored, Gutierrez to second. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Seager out at second, Gutierrez to third. Montero walked, Jaso to second. Saunders singled to shallow left, Gutierrez scored, Jaso thrown out at home, Montero to second. Thames struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Lawrie fouled out to second. Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lind singled to left, Rasmus to second. Escobar singled to shallow center, Rasmus scored, Lind thrown out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Carp lined out to right. Ryan struck out swinging. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Johnson lined out to left. Arencibia struck out swinging. Davis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Gutierrez lined out to shortstop. Seager doubled to shallow left. Seager to third on wild pitch by Morrow. Jaso singled to center, Seager scored. Montero singled to shallow left center, Jaso thrown out at third. Saunders struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Gose singled to shallow right center. Lawrie singled to right, Gose to third. Rasmus hit sacrifice fly to right, Gose scored, Lawrie to second. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Lind flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Thames struck out swinging. Carp reached on infield single to second. Ryan singled to shallow left, Carp to second. Ackley grounded out to first, Carp to third, Ryan to second. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Escobar doubled to center. Johnson struck out swinging. Arencibia popped out to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Seager homered to right (410 feet). Jaso grounded out to second. Montero flied out to right. Saunders hit ground rule double to deep center. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Thames struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Gose struck out swinging. Lawrie flied out to right. Rasmus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Carp singled to center. Ryan sacrificed to pitcher, Carp to second. Ackley reached on infield single to first, Carp to third. Gutierrez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ackley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Encarnacion lined out to second. Lind struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Jaso popped out to second. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Mariners. Johnson safe at second on error by center fielder Gutierrez. Arencibia grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. Gose walked. Lawrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Saunders grounded out to second. Thames flied out to center. Carp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Rasmus hit ground rule double to right. Kinney pitching for Mariners. Encarnacion flied out to center, Rasmus to third. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Sierra hit for Lind. Sierra grounded out to second, Rasmus scored. Pryor pitching for Mariners. Escobar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Gomes at first base. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Ryan grounded out to second. Ackley flied out to right. Gutierrez doubled to left. Seager flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Wells in right field. Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners. Johnson grounded out to second. Arencibia popped out to second. Davis reached on infield single to first. Davis stole second. Gose grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Blue Jays 3.	Seager falls just shy of cycle as M's edge Jays