Yankees - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury singled to shallow center . Hicks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellsbury out at second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Pillar struck out swinging . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista singled to center . Encarnación singled to left , Bautista to second . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to third . Beltrán popped out to second . Castro walked . Headley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Saunders grounded out to shortstop . Martin walked . Smoak struck out swinging . Goins doubled to right , Martin scored . Pillar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes singled to center . Romine lined into double play , to first , Torreyes doubled off first . Ellsbury singled to center . Hicks lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Donaldson struck out swinging . Bautista lined out to center . Encarnación flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira walked . Beltrán singled to shallow left center , Teixeira to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltrán out at second , Teixeira to third . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Saunders walked . Martin struck out swinging . Saunders caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes doubled to left . Romine singled to right center , Torreyes to third . Ellsbury popped out to third . Hicks grounded out to third , Torreyes scored , Romine to second . Rodriguez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Smoak walked . Goins doubled to deep left , Smoak to third . Pillar safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Torreyes , Smoak scored , Goins to third . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goins scored , Pillar out at second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to second . Beltrán singled to center . Castro struck out looking . Headley walked , Beltrán to second . Torreyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Pineda pitching for Yankees . Encarnación struck out looking . Tulowitzki popped out to shortstop . Saunders doubled to shallow left . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Romine struck out swinging . Ellsbury flied out to center . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Smoak struck out swinging . Goins struck out swinging . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez lined out to right . Teixeira homered to right ( 357 feet ) . Beltrán struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Donaldson doubled to left . Donaldson to third on wild pitch by Nova . Bautista doubled to deep center , Donaldson scored . Encarnación grounded out to third , Bautista to third . Tulowitzki singled to right , Bautista scored . Saunders doubled to deep left , Tulowitzki to third . Martin hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored , Saunders to third . Smoak hit by pitch . Goins singled to center , Saunders scored , Smoak to third . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goins out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Venditte pitching for Blue Jays . Headley flied out to center . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . Romine grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Blue Jays 7 .	Bautista gets 800th RBI , Blue Jays beat Yankees 7 - 2