Yankees - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury doubled to deep right . Gardner flied out to right , Ellsbury to third . Beltrán grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellsbury out at home . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltrán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rickard flied out to right . Machado doubled to right . Jones grounded out to third . Davis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Orioles . McCann grounded out to third . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Trumbo struck out swinging . Reimold singled to right . Schoop fouled out to third . Joseph grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reimold out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Headley grounded out to third . Ellsbury walked . Ellsbury stole second , Ellsbury to third on passed ball by Joseph . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Flaherty walked . Rickard reached on bunt single to third , Flaherty to second . Machado struck out swinging . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rickard out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Beltrán struck out swinging . Teixeira walked . McCann grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis popped out to shortstop . Trumbo singled to right . Reimold grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Castro struck out swinging . Hicks grounded out to second . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Schoop doubled to left . Joseph struck out swinging . Flaherty singled to right , Schoop to third . Rickard struck out swinging . Machado lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Orioles . Headley struck out swinging . Ellsbury singled to right . Ellsbury stole second . Gardner singled to center , Ellsbury to third . Beltrán hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored . Teixeira walked , Gardner to second . McCann singled to right , Gardner scored , Teixeira to third . Castro safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Wilson , Teixeira scored , McCann to third . Hicks grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jones struck out swinging . Davis walked . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to second . Ellsbury reached on infield single to second . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Reimold fouled out to first . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Joseph struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Beltrán doubled to deep center . Teixeira walked . McCann doubled to deep right , Beltrán and Teixeira scored , McCann to third advancing on throw . Bundy pitching for Orioles . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Hicks struck out swinging . Gregorius singled to center , McCann scored . Headley singled to shallow left , Gregorius to second . Ellsbury walked , Gregorius to third , Headley to second . Gardner hit by pitch , Gregorius scored , Headley to third , Ellsbury to second . Beltrán grounded out to catcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Flaherty struck out swinging . Rickard walked . Machado doubled to left , Rickard to third . Jones walked . Betances pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out looking . Trumbo fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Wright pitching for Orioles . Teixeira singled to right . McCann grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Teixeira out at second . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Ackley in right field . Hicks in left field . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Reimold struck out swinging . Schoop struck out swinging . Joseph grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Orioles 0 .	Sabathia , Yankees beat Orioles 7 - 0 to end 6 - game skid