Yankees - Top 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Beltrán grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Jones flied out to right . Kim singled to left . Machado flied out to center . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Teixeira grounded out to first . Castro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Trumbo doubled to deep right . Wieters grounded out to second , Trumbo to third . Álvarez singled to center , Trumbo scored . Schoop grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Álvarez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Gregorius struck out swinging . Headley struck out looking . Romine flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Refsnyder at first base . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Flaherty grounded out to first . Jones flied out to center . Kim struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury popped out to shortstop . Gardner walked . Beltrán homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Gardner scored . Rodriguez homered to right ( 350 feet ) . Refsnyder safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Flaherty , Refsnyder advanced to first on Flaherty throwing error , Refsnyder tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . Castro singled to left center . Gregorius singled to left , Castro to second . Headley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Machado struck out swinging . Davis homered to right ( 414 feet ) . Trumbo singled to center . Wieters flied out to left . Álvarez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Romine homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Ellsbury walked . Gardner struck out swinging . Beltrán grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellsbury out at second . Rodriguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Schoop lined out to center . Flaherty struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Refsnyder grounded out to second . Castro grounded out to second . Gregorius hit ground rule double to deep center . Headley singled to right , Gregorius scored . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Romine grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Kim singled to center . Machado lined out to center . Davis walked , Kim to second . Trumbo singled to left , Kim to third , Davis to second . Wieters singled to left , Kim and Davis scored , Trumbo to second . Yates pitching for Yankees . Álvarez struck out swinging . Schoop doubled to deep left , Trumbo scored , Wieters to third . Flaherty popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Gardner singled to center . Beltrán flied out to right . Givens pitching for Orioles . Gardner caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodriguez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Jones singled to left . Kim singled to right center , Jones to third . Machado grounded out to third , Jones scored , Kim to second . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rickard in right field . Givens pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez popped out to first . Refsnyder lined out to second . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Wieters grounded out to first . Álvarez grounded out to shortstop . Schoop fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Reimold in left field . Britton pitching for Orioles . Gregorius grounded out to first . Headley singled to center . Torreyes ran for Headley . Romine grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torreyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Orioles 6 .	Orioles overcome late 3 - run deficit to beat Yankees 6 - 5