Yankees - Top 1st . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Gardner doubled to deep center . Rodriguez struck out looking . Castro popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Rickard struck out looking . Machado popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . McCann lined out to left . Headley singled to right . Gregorius popped out to third . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Trumbo struck out swinging . Davis popped out to third . Reimold walked . Schoop grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Hicks struck out looking . Ellsbury singled to left center . Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Gausman . Gardner grounded out to second , Ellsbury to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Ellsbury scored . Castro struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Peña walked . Janish fouled out to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peña out at second . Rickard singled to left , Jones to third . Machado walked , Rickard to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . McCann walked . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McCann out at second . Gregorius safe at first on error by shortstop Machado , Headley to second . Refsnyder walked , Headley to third , Gregorius to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Headley out at home , Gregorius to third , Refsnyder to second . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out looking . Reimold walked . Schoop grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reimold out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Gardner doubled to left . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gardner out at third . Castro struck out looking . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Peña reached on infield single to shortstop . Janish hit by pitch , Peña to second . Jones flied out to center . Rickard grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Janish out at second , Peña to third . Machado walked , Rickard to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Gausman pitching for Orioles . Headley singled to center . Gregorius reached on bunt single to third , Headley to second . Refsnyder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gregorius out at second , Headley to third . Hicks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Davis walked . Yates pitching for Yankees . Reimold struck out swinging . Schoop popped out to shortstop . Peña struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Gardner singled to left . Rodriguez singled to left , Gardner to second . Castro struck out swinging . Gardner to third , Rodriguez to second on passed ball by Peña . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Flaherty hit for Janish . Flaherty reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones grounded out to shortstop , Flaherty to second . Kim hit for Rickard . Kim struck out swinging . Machado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Kim in left field . Reimold in right field . Flaherty at third base . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Headley flied out to right . Gregorius safe at first on error by first baseman Davis . Refsnyder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Parmelee at first base . Betances pitching for Yankees . Trumbo walked . Davis singled to center , Trumbo to second . Reimold struck out swinging . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Schoop struck out swinging . Peña singled to right , Trumbo to third , Davis to second . Wieters hit for Flaherty . Wieters singled to center , Trumbo and Davis scored , Peña to third , Peña scored , Wieters to third on throwing error by center fielder Ellsbury . Jones struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Álvarez at third base . Wieters catching . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Beltrán hit for Gardner . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 1 - Orioles 3 .	After rain , Orioles rally to beat Chapman and Yankees 3 - 1