Yankees - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury singled to center . Gardner reached on bunt single to pitcher , Ellsbury to second . Castro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second , Ellsbury to third . McCann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Arenado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Headley safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Story . Refsnyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Headley out at second . Gregorius hit by pitch , Refsnyder to second . Hicks flied out to center . Eovaldi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . González doubled to deep center . Story grounded out to third . Parra lined out to shortstop . Reynolds doubled to right , González scored . Hundley intentionally walked . De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury flied out to left . Raburn in left field . Gardner flied out to left . Castro walked . McCann flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Blackmon struck out looking . LeMahieu lined out to second . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Headley struck out swinging . Refsnyder singled to left . Gregorius flied out to center . Refsnyder out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Hicks batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . González singled to left . Story homered to center ( 434 feet ) , González scored . Raburn homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Reynolds walked . Reynolds caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hundley flied out to right . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hicks grounded out to third . Eovaldi walked . Ellsbury flied out to right . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon stole second . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon scored . LeMahieu to second on wild pitch by Eovaldi . Arenado doubled to deep left , LeMahieu scored . Goody pitching for Yankees . González grounded out to second , Arenado to third . Story walked . Raburn struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Story out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Castro fouled out to right . McCann walked . Headley reached on bunt single to third , McCann to second . McCann to third , Headley to second on wild pitch by Germen . Refsnyder struck out swinging . Gregorius homered to right ( 394 feet ) , McCann and Headley scored . Hicks singled to right . Rodriguez hit for Goody . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Hundley walked . Adames hit for Germen . Adames sacrificed to pitcher , Hundley to second . Blackmon singled to right , Hundley to third . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Arenado walked . Bleier pitching for Yankees . González singled to center , Blackmon scored , Arenado to second . Story singled to left , Arenado scored , González to second . Raburn grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to second . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Castro doubled to left . McCann flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Reynolds singled to right . Hundley doubled to deep right , Reynolds to third . Descalso hit for Qualls . Descalso tripled to deep center , Reynolds and Hundley scored . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu hit sacrifice fly to left , Descalso scored . Arenado grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Descalso at third base . Headley struck out swinging . Refsnyder singled to center . Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop , Refsnyder to second . Hicks singled to left , Refsnyder to third , Gregorius to second . Davis hit for Bleier . Davis singled to right , Refsnyder scored , Gregorius to third , Hicks to second . Ellsbury singled to center , Gregorius and Hicks scored , Davis to second . Castro pitching for Rockies . Gardner hit by pitch , Davis to third , Ellsbury to second . Castro reached on infield single to pitcher , Davis and Ellsbury scored , Gardner to third , Castro to second on throwing error by pitcher Castro . McCann grounded out to second , Gardner scored , Castro to third . Headley singled to left , Castro scored . Refsnyder singled to right , Headley to second . Motte pitching for Rockies . Gregorius grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Yankees . Davis at first base . González homered to center ( 442 feet ) . Story struck out swinging . Raburn struck out looking . Reynolds struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Hicks grounded out to pitcher . Davis struck out swinging . Ellsbury popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Rockies 13 .	Gonzalez homers among 4 hits , Rockies outslug Yankees 13 - 10