Yankees - Top 1st . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Sánchez hit ground rule double to center . Butler walked . Gregorius walked , Sánchez to third , Butler to second . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Travis flied out to right . Donaldson safe at first on error by first baseman Butler . Encarnación singled to shallow right , Donaldson to second . Bautista struck out swinging . Martin walked , Donaldson to third , Encarnación to second . Tulowitzki singled to center , Donaldson and Encarnación scored , Martin to second . Saunders struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Romine struck out swinging . Torreyes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Pillar reached on infield single to second . Carrera singled to shallow right , Pillar to second . Travis sacrificed to third , Pillar to third , Carrera to second . Donaldson walked . Encarnación walked , Pillar scored , Carrera to third , Donaldson to second . Bautista grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnación out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner safe at first on error by shortstop Tulowitzki . Ellsbury singled to shallow center , Gardner to second . Sánchez flied out to center , Gardner to third . Butler struck out swinging . Gregorius popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Martin singled to right . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martin out at second . Saunders flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Headley grounded out to third . Hicks flied out to center . Romine popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Pillar singled to shallow left . Pillar caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop to first to second . Carrera grounded out to first . Travis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Torreyes flied out to right . Gardner flied out to left . Ellsbury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Donaldson flied out to left . Encarnación flied out to left . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Liriano pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez singled to center . Butler struck out swinging . Gregorius struck out swinging . Headley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Saunders walked . Pillar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Benoit pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks walked . McCann hit for Romine . McCann grounded into double play , first to third to first , Hicks out at second . Torreyes fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . McCann catching . Parker pitching for Yankees . Carrera reached on bunt single to third . Travis singled to center , Carrera to third . Donaldson flied out to right , Travis to second on error by catcher McCann . Encarnación intentionally walked . Bautista doubled to left , Carrera and Travis scored , Encarnación to third . Martin walked . Tulowitzki singled to shallow right , Encarnación and Bautista scored , Martin to second . Pazos pitching for Yankees . Upton Jr. hit for Saunders . Upton Jr. singled to shallow right center , Martin to third , Tulowitzki to second . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martin out at home , Tulowitzki to third , Upton Jr. to second . Carrera struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Upton Jr. in left field . Carrera in right field . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . Ellsbury struck out looking . Sánchez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Heller pitching for Yankees . Travis doubled to deep center . Donaldson homered to left ( 387 feet ) , Travis scored . Encarnación grounded out to pitcher . Bautista hit by pitch . Martin struck out swinging . Goins hit for Tulowitzki . Goins struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Barney at third base . Smoak at first base . Goins at shortstop . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Austin hit for Butler . Austin grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius grounded out to second . Refsnyder hit for Headley . Refsnyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 0 - Blue Jays 9 .	Tulowitzki has 4 RBIs as Blue Jays rout fading Yankees 9 - 0