Yankees - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner reached on bunt single to catcher , Gardner to third on throwing error by catcher Martin . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop , Gardner scored . Butler flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Severino pitching for Yankees . Travis flied out to center . Donaldson hit by pitch . Encarnación singled to right center , Donaldson to third . Bautista walked , Encarnación to second . Martin walked , Donaldson scored , Encarnación to third , Bautista to second . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Saunders struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Headley hit by pitch . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to first , Headley out at second . Gregorius flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Severino pitching for Yankees . Smoak hit by pitch . Holder pitching for Yankees . Pillar flied out to right . Travis popped out to second . Donaldson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to third . Torreyes grounded out to pitcher . Gardner reached on infield single to first . Ellsbury walked , Gardner to second . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Holder pitching for Yankees . Encarnación flied out to center . Bautista singled to right . Martin walked , Bautista to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep center , Bautista scored , Martin to third . Pazos pitching for Yankees . Saunders singled to right , Martin scored , Tulowitzki to third . Smoak grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Saunders out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Butler flied out to right . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop . Gregorius lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Pillar grounded out to third . Travis struck out swinging . Donaldson walked . Encarnación walked , Donaldson to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Torreyes grounded out to first . Gardner lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Yates pitching for Yankees . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Barney at second base . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Ellsbury fouled out to left . Sánchez struck out swinging . Butler lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Bleier pitching for Yankees . Smoak flied out to center . Pillar reached on infield single to second . Barney grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pillar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Headley singled to left center . Teixeira struck out swinging . Gregorius flied out to left . Hicks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Donaldson flied out to right . Encarnación grounded out to pitcher . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Castro hit for Torreyes . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Castro flied out to right . Gardner doubled to right . Ellsbury singled to center , Gardner scored , Ellsbury to second on error by center fielder Pillar . Biagini pitching for Blue Jays . Sánchez lined out to right . McCann hit for Butler . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Solano at second base . Warren pitching for Yankees . Martin struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Saunders lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carrera in right field . Upton Jr. in left field . Grilli pitching for Blue Jays . Headley grounded out to first . Teixeira homered to right center ( 437 feet ) . Gregorius singled to left . Hicks homered to right ( 398 feet ) , Gregorius scored . Solano doubled to left . Barnes pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner walked . Ellsbury singled to right , Solano scored , Gardner to third . Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored . Ellsbury to second on wild pitch by Barnes . McCann struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Smoak walked . Pillar safe at first on error by pitcher Betances , Smoak to second . Smoak to third , Pillar to second on wild pitch by Betances . Barney walked . Layne pitching for Yankees . Donaldson flied out to right . Encarnación walked , Smoak scored , Pillar to third , Barney to second . Pompey ran for Encarnación . Navarro hit for Carrera . Navarro singled to right , Pillar scored , Barney to third , Pompey to second . Ceciliani ran for Navarro . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Barney out at home , Pompey to third , Ceciliani to second . Tulowitzki fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 7 - Blue Jays 5 .	Yankees avoid sweep , beat Blue Jays 7 - 5 in testy game