Nationals - Top 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Desmond doubled to center . Werth lined out to center . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Desmond out at third . LaRoche walked , Zimmerman to second . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at third , LaRoche to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Coghlan singled to center . Infante grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez walked . Sanchez walked , Ramirez to second . Morrison walked , Ramirez to third , Sanchez to second . Buck lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Ankiel walked . Espinosa singled to right , Ankiel to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ankiel scored , Espinosa to second . Hernandez sacrificed to third , Espinosa to third , Rodriguez to second . Desmond reached on bunt single to third , Espinosa scored , Rodriguez to third . Werth walked , Desmond to second . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored , Desmond to third . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Murphy struck out swinging . Bonifacio singled to right . Volstad sacrificed to pitcher , Bonifacio to second . Coghlan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Ankiel grounded out to first . Espinosa flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Infante flied out to center . Ramirez popped out to second . Sanchez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Rodriguez to second . Desmond doubled to deep center , Rodriguez scored . Werth grounded out to shortstop , Desmond to third . Zimmerman walked . LaRoche grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Morrison flied out to right . Buck singled to left center . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buck out at second . Bonifacio lined out to first . Volstad grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonifacio out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to third . Ankiel flied out to left . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Cousins hit for Volstad . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cousins grounded out to second . Cousins hit for Volstad . Cousins grounded out to second . Coghlan doubled to deep right . Infante flied out to center , Coghlan to third . Ramirez doubled to left , Coghlan scored . Sanchez walked . Morrison walked , Ramirez to third , Sanchez to second . Buck tripled to deep center , Ramirez , Sanchez and Morrison scored . Murphy grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Nix hit for Hernandez . Nix struck out swinging . Nix hit for Hernandez . Nix struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez tripled to deep center , Ankiel , Espinosa and Rodriguez scored . Desmond grounded out to third . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Nix hit for Hernandez . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Gaudin pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio struck out looking . Gaudin pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio struck out looking . Dobbs hit for Sanches . Dobbs singled to right . Coghlan doubled to deep left , Dobbs to third . Infante singled to left , Dobbs scored , Coghlan to third . Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond , Coghlan scored , Infante to second . Infante caught stealing third , catcher to third , Ramirez to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Sanchez struck out swinging . Dobbs caught stealing third , catcher to third , Coghlan to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Infante batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Werth grounded out to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Nationals . Morrison walked . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Morrison out at second . Murphy struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to third . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to third . Ankiel singled to left center . Espinosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ankiel out at second . Desmond grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gaudin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Cora at second base . Helms hit for Hensley . Helms flied out to right . Coghlan doubled to deep right . Infante walked . Ramirez walked , Coghlan to third , Infante to second . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center , Coghlan scored . Slaten pitching for Nationals . Morrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cora grounded out to second . Desmond singled to left center . Werth walked , Desmond to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Marlins 7 .	Buck , Marlins fight back again to edge Nationals