Marlins - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded out to second . Bonifacio tripled to right . Ramirez singled to center , Bonifacio scored . Ramirez stole second . Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ramirez scored on throwing error by pitcher Carpenter . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Theriot flied out to left . Craig struck out swinging . Pujols singled to center . Holliday singled to center , Pujols to third . Berkman safe at second on error by left fielder Bonifacio , Pujols and Holliday scored . Rasmus flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Dobbs struck out swinging . Infante doubled to right center . Hayes struck out swinging . Vazquez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Molina lined out to right . Descalso grounded out to first . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan singled to left . Bonifacio singled to center , Coghlan to second . Ramirez walked , Coghlan to third , Bonifacio to second . Sanchez walked , Coghlan scored , Bonifacio to third , Ramirez to second . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bonifacio out at home , Ramirez to third , Sanchez to second , Ramirez and Sanchez scored , Stanton to third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Dobbs struck out looking . Infante singled to center , Stanton scored . Hayes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Infante out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Theriot popped out to second . Craig doubled to left . Pujols walked . Holliday singled to center , Craig scored , Pujols to third . Berkman hit sacrifice fly to left , Pujols scored , Holliday to second . Rasmus grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez grounded out to third . Coghlan singled to right . Coghlan caught stealing second , catcher to second . Bonifacio reached on infield single to first . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Molina flied out to right . Descalso singled to right . Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Theriot grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez singled to center . Stanton flied out to center . Dobbs flied out to left . Infante singled to right , Sanchez to third . Hayes walked , Infante to second . Vazquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Craig grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded out to second . Bonifacio flied out to center . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Berkman fouled out to shortstop . Rasmus walked . Molina singled to left center , Rasmus to third . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rasmus scored , Molina out at second . Hamilton hit for Carpenter . Hamilton reached on infield single to third , Descalso to second . Theriot singled to right , Descalso scored , Hamilton to third , Theriot to second advancing on throw . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Craig walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Craig out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Punto at second base . Sanchez doubled to deep center . Stanton struck out swinging . Dobbs grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Holliday walked . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Helms at third base . Berkman flied out to center . Rasmus lined into double play , to first , Holliday doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Batista pitching for Cardinals . Hayes struck out swinging . Helms hit by pitch . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . Bonifacio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Molina grounded out to third . Descalso fouled out to third . Punto grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez walked . Sanchez struck out swinging . Stanton homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Cousins hit for Dunn . Cousins walked . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Infante fouled out to catcher . Hayes grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Jay hit for Boggs . Jay homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Pujols walked . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pujols out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 8 - Cardinals 7 .	Marlins blow 4 - run lead but hold off Cardinals