Marlins - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Coghlan flied out to left . Infante flied out to center . Morrison grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Roberts flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to first . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Dobbs doubled to deep left center . Stanton homered to left center ( 427 feet ) , Dobbs scored . Buck flied out to right . Bonifacio hit ground rule double to deep right . Vazquez singled to center , Bonifacio scored . Coghlan singled to center , Vazquez to second . Infante grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Drew singled to left , Drew out stretching at second . Young grounded out to third . Montero lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Morrison doubled to deep left . Sanchez grounded out to third . Dobbs popped out to second . Stanton tripled to deep right , Morrison scored . Buck struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Miranda struck out swinging . Parra flied out to center . Hudson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio struck out looking . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Coghlan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Roberts struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Upton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Infante struck out swinging . Morrison flied out to center . Sanchez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Drew singled to center . Young struck out swinging . Montero flied out to right . Miranda lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Dobbs fouled out to catcher . Stanton singled to center . Buck singled to center , Stanton to second . Bonifacio grounded out to first , Stanton to third , Buck to second . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Parra singled to center . Hudson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parra out at second . Roberts homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Hudson scored . Johnson tripled to deep left center . Upton grounded out to second , Johnson scored . Drew struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Coghlan singled to right . Coghlan caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Morrison flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Young doubled to deep left . Choate pitching for Marlins . Montero hit by pitch . Miranda sacrificed to pitcher , Young to third , Montero to second . Bloomquist hit for Parra . Bloomquist intentionally walked . Nady hit for Hudson . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young scored , Montero safe at third on error by third baseman Dobbs , Bloomquist to second . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nady out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Bloomquist in left field . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Sanchez struck out swinging . Dobbs struck out looking . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Johnson grounded out to second . Upton flied out to center . Drew singled to right . Young doubled to deep left center , Drew scored . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Montero walked . Miranda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck homered to right center ( 435 feet ) . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Cousins hit for Dunn . Cousins grounded out to first . Coghlan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Bloomquist reached on infield single to shortstop . Burroughs hit for Putz . Burroughs struck out swinging . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Roberts grounded out to third , Bloomquist to third . Johnson walked . Upton singled to right , Bloomquist scored , Johnson to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Upton 's bloop single lets D - backs top   Marlins