Marlins - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio grounded out to first . Infante struck out swinging . Dobbs singled to right . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Hairston Jr. flied out to right . Cora struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to deep right center . Morse singled to right , Zimmerman to third . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morse out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Morrison flied out to center . Stanton homered to right center ( 400 feet ) . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Buck struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Espinosa walked . Ankiel reached on infield single to third , Espinosa to second . Flores struck out swinging . Hernandez sacrificed to first , Espinosa to third , Ankiel to second . Hairston Jr. popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Infante struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Cora fouled out to third . Zimmerman flied out to center . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Dobbs singled to center . Ramirez flied out to left . Morrison walked , Dobbs to second . Stanton walked , Dobbs to third , Morrison to second . Cameron struck out looking . Buck singled to left , Dobbs and Morrison scored , Stanton to second , Stanton to third , Buck to second on error by left fielder Hairston Jr .. Vazquez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Nix homered to right ( 399 feet ) . Espinosa walked . Ankiel struck out swinging . Flores grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Espinosa out at second . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flores out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio walked . Infante singled to shallow left , Bonifacio to third . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Dobbs struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Bonifacio scored , Infante to third . Morrison walked . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Infante out at home , Ramirez to third , Morrison to second . Cameron struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Hairston Jr. popped out to second . Cora lined out to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to left . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Detwiler pitching for Nationals . Buck grounded out to shortstop . Vazquez singled to center . Bonifacio flied out to center . Infante singled to left , Vazquez to second . Dobbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Nix popped out to second . Espinosa lined out to center . Ankiel singled to right center . Flores flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Bernadina in center field . Ramirez singled to left . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Morrison grounded out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Vazquez pitching for Marlins . Bernadina walked . Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina safe at second on error by shortstop Ramirez . Cora grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hairston Jr. out at second , Bernadina to third . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Coffey pitching for Nationals . Cameron homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Buck lined out to center . Petersen hit for Vazquez . Petersen singled to left center . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Bonifacio singled to right , Petersen to third . Bonifacio stole second . Infante walked . Dobbs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Infante out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Marlins . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Nix struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Morrison struck out swinging . Stanton singled to left . Cameron homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Stanton scored . Buck flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Wise in left field . Desmond hit for Storen . Desmond tripled to right . Flores grounded out to pitcher . Bernadina struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. singled to center , Desmond scored . Hairston Jr. to second on fielder 's indifference . Cora walked . Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep right , Hairston Jr. scored , Cora to third . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Morse singled to shallow right , Cora and Zimmerman scored . Nix flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 7 - Nationals 5 .	Bonifacio 's hitting streak hits 25 as Marlins win