Brewers - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Villar popped out to shortstop . Gennett flied out to center . Braun grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Span homered to right ( 416 feet ) . Panik tripled to deep right center . Belt singled to right center , Panik scored . Posey grounded out to third , Belt to second . Duffy struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Carter walked . Nieuwenhuis walked , Carter to second . Hill grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Nieuwenhuis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Parker struck out looking . Blanco grounded out to first . Cain flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Villar singled to right . Gennett reached on bunt single to third , Villar to second . Braun reached on infield single to shortstop , Villar to third , Gennett to second . Lucroy walked , Villar scored , Gennett to third , Braun to second . Carter walked , Gennett scored , Braun to third , Lucroy to second . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Span reached on bunt single to third . Panik walked , Span to second . Belt struck out swinging . Posey doubled to deep left , Span scored , Panik to third . Duffy hit sacrifice fly to right , Panik scored . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Hill struck out looking . Flores walked . Anderson sacrificed to pitcher , Flores to second . Villar reached on bunt single to third , Flores to third . Gennett doubled to deep right , Flores scored , Villar to third . Kontos pitching for Giants . Braun grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Parker walked . Blanco lined into double play , second to first , Parker doubled off first . Gillaspie hit for Kontos . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Suárez pitching for Giants . Lucroy grounded out to second . Carter flied out to right . Nieuwenhuis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Anderson pitching for Brewers . Span grounded out to pitcher . Panik grounded out to second . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Hill doubled to deep left . Flores doubled to right , Hill scored . Presley hit for Anderson . Presley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flores out at third . Villar flied out to left , Presley to second . Gennett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Posey walked . Duffy singled to right , Posey to third . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Posey scored . Duffy stole second . Duffy safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lucroy . Parker struck out looking . Blanco intentionally walked . Blanco stole second . Suárez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Braun grounded out to first . Lucroy reached on infield single to third . Carter struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Span grounded out to second . Panik flied out to left . Belt singled to left . Posey reached on infield single to second , Belt to second . Duffy reached on infield single to third , Belt to third , Posey to second . Crawford singled to center , Belt and Posey scored , Duffy to second . Parker walked , Duffy to third , Crawford to second . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Flores in center field . Pérez in right field . Blanco singled to right , Duffy and Crawford scored , Parker to third . Suárez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Hill singled to left . Flores singled to right , Hill to second . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Flores out at second , Hill to third . Villar hit sacrifice fly to left , Hill scored . Osich pitching for Giants . Gennett walked , Pérez to second . Law pitching for Giants . Braun struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Marinez pitching for Brewers . Span singled to right center . Panik singled to right , Span to third . Belt hit sacrifice fly to center , Span scored . Posey hit by pitch , Panik to second . Duffy singled to left center , Panik scored , Posey to second . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duffy out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Brown catching . Law pitching for Giants . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Carter lined out to right , Lucroy to third . Broxton hit for Mariñez . Broxton grounded out to third . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Giants 11 .	Crawford has 3 RBIs to lead Giants in 11 - 5 win over Brewers