Athletics - Top 1st . Suarez pitching for Giants . Crisp flied out to right . Lowrie struck out swinging . Reddick singled to right . Valencia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Span grounded out to third . Pagán grounded out to third . Belt doubled to deep left . Posey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Vogt walked . Semien struck out looking . Alonso grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Crawford singled to right . Williamson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . Peña lined out to left . Gillaspie reached on infield single to shortstop , Williamson to second . Suárez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gillaspie out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Graveman grounded out to third . Crisp walked . Lowrie lined out to left . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Span struck out swinging . Pagán singled to center . Belt flied out to left . Posey singled to right , Pagán to second . Crawford doubled to deep right center , Pagán and Posey scored . Williamson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Valencia struck out swinging . Davis homered to left center ( 384 feet ) . Vogt grounded out to second . Semien popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Peña singled to right . Gillaspie singled to left , Peña to second . Suárez sacrificed to pitcher , Peña to third , Gillaspie to second . Span walked . Pagán singled to right , Peña and Gillaspie scored , Span to second . Belt struck out swinging . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Span out at third , Pagán to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Alonso lined out to center . Graveman struck out looking . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Graveman pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to first . Williamson struck out swinging . Peña popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Lowrie walked . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Valencia lined out to first . Davis singled to right , Lowrie to second . Kontos pitching for Giants . Parker in right field . Vogt doubled to deep center , Lowrie and Davis scored . Semien safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie , Vogt to third . Alonso walked , Semien to second . Butler hit for Graveman . Butler singled to center , Vogt and Semien scored , Alonso to second . Strickland pitching for Giants . Crisp flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Axford pitching for Athletics . Gillaspie singled to right . Parker walked , Gillaspie to second . Span doubled to left , Gillaspie scored , Parker to third . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Pagán flied out to right . Belt lined out to shortstop . Posey intentionally walked . Crawford tripled to deep center , Parker , Span and Posey scored . Blanco hit for Strickland . Blanco hit by pitch . Dull pitching for Athletics . Peña flied out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Osich pitching for Giants . Lowrie grounded out to third . Reddick grounded out to first . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Neal pitching for Athletics . Gillaspie singled to right . Parker reached on infield single to second , Gillaspie to second . Span grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Parker out at second , Gillaspie to third . Pagán popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Davis walked . Vogt walked , Davis to second . Semien singled to center , Davis scored , Vogt to second . López pitching for Giants . Phegley hit for Alonso . Phegley lined out to center , Vogt to third . Smolinski hit for Neal . Smolinski homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Vogt and Semien scored . Crisp doubled to left . Lowrie singled to right , Crisp scored . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lowrie out at second . Law pitching for Giants . Valencia struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Vogt at first base . Phegley catching . Madson pitching for Athletics . Belt grounded out to pitcher . Posey struck out swinging . Crawford walked . Brown hit for Law . Brown singled to left , Crawford to second . Peña singled to right , Crawford scored , Brown to second . Gillaspie popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Brown at third base . Casilla pitching for Giants . Davis popped out to second . Vogt doubled to deep center . Semien walked . Vogt to third , Semien to second on balk by Casilla . Phegley doubled to left , Vogt and Semien scored . Madson struck out looking . Crisp singled to right , Phegley scored , Crisp to second advancing on throw . Lowrie walked . Reddick popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Madson pitching for Athletics . Parker homered to left center ( 414 feet ) . Span homered to right ( 331 feet ) . Pagán walked . Belt flied out to left . Posey struck out swinging . Pagán to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 13 - Giants 11 .	Smolinski 's 3 - run pinch - hit HR leads A 's past Giants 13 - 11