Giants - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . Pagán struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Segura struck out swinging . Bourn struck out looking . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey walked . Crawford singled to right , Posey to third . Williamson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posey scored , Crawford safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Segura , Williamson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Segura . Green struck out swinging . Tejada singled to left , Crawford scored , Williamson to third . Samardzija grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williamson scored , Tejada out at second . Blanco flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lamb grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann reached on infield single to pitcher . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrmann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagán grounded out to shortstop . Belt singled to right . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Gosselin grounded out to shortstop . Corbin doubled to left . Segura singled to left , Corbin to third . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Corbin scored , Segura out at second . Goldschmidt flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Williamson homered to center ( 462 feet ) . Green lined out to right . Tejada lined out to right . Samardzija struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop . Castillo doubled to center , Lamb scored . Herrmann doubled to deep right center , Castillo scored . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Gosselin lined out to center , Herrmann to third . Corbin grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco struck out swinging . Pagán grounded out to third . Belt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Segura grounded out to first . Bourn lined out to center . Goldschmidt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey walked . Crawford lined out to right . Williamson hit by pitch , Posey to second . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Green grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Williamson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Lamb doubled to deep center . Castillo struck out swinging . Herrmann struck out looking . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Tejada lined out to left . Samardzija struck out swinging . Blanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Gosselin grounded out to shortstop . O'Brien hit for Burgos . O'Brien grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagán grounded out to first . Belt lined out to right . Posey doubled to right . Crawford grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Bourn doubled to left . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Osich pitching for Giants . Lamb walked . Strickland pitching for Giants . Castillo homered to left center ( 404 feet ) , Bourn and Lamb scored . Herrmann walked . Tomás grounded out to shortstop , Herrmann to second . Gosselin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker hit for Williamson . Parker singled to right . Green struck out looking . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parker out at second . Gillaspie hit for Strickland . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 5 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Castillo 's late home run sends Diamondbacks past Giants