Braves - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Inciarte doubled to right . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte out at third . Freeman doubled to deep right , García to third . Kemp struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Span flied out to left . Pagán flied out to right . Posey reached on infield single to shortstop . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Posey to second , Posey to third on throwing error by shortstop Swanson . Belt singled to center , Posey scored , Crawford to second . Crawford to third , Belt to second on passed ball by Flowers . Panik doubled to left , Crawford and Belt scored . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Flowers walked . Peterson singled to left , Flowers to second . Swanson reached on infield single to shortstop , Flowers to third , Peterson to second . De La Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Flowers out at home , Peterson to third , Swanson to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . García lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Hernández safe at first on error by second baseman Peterson . Samardzija sacrificed to pitcher , Hernández to second . Span grounded out to second , Hernández to third . Pagán homered to right ( 367 feet ) , Hernández scored . Posey lined out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . Markakis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Crawford struck out swinging . Belt struck out swinging . Panik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . Peterson walked . Peterson stole second . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . De La Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop , Peterson hit by batted ball out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . De La Cruz pitching for Braves . Gillaspie grounded out to shortstop . Hernández popped out to second . Samardzija doubled to deep left . Span singled to center , Samardzija scored , Span to second advancing on throw . Pagán lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Inciarte grounded out to second . García grounded out to third . Freeman singled to shallow right . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Gant pitching for Braves . Posey singled to right . Posey to second on wild pitch by Gant . Crawford flied out to right , Posey to third . Belt doubled to deep center , Posey scored . Panik grounded out to first , Belt to third . Gillaspie fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Markakis singled to center . Flowers struck out swinging . Peterson lined out to center . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Gant pitching for Braves . Hernández lined out to center . Samardzija struck out looking . Span singled to center . Pagán safe at first on error by third baseman García , Span advanced to second on García error , Span out at third in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 7th . d'Arnaud hit for Gant . Samardzija pitching for Giants . d'Arnaud walked . Inciarte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , d'Arnaud out at second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte out at second . Freeman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Posey grounded out to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Belt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Adrianza at shortstop . Kemp grounded out to second . Markakis grounded out to second . Flowers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Cunniff pitching for Braves . Panik walked . Gillaspie lined out to third . Hernández struck out swinging . Panik to second on wild pitch by Cunniff . Adrianza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Brown catching . Peterson struck out swinging . Swanson grounded out to shortstop . Snyder hit for Cunniff . Snyder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 0 - Giants 7 .	Samardzija overcomes shaky start , Giants beat Braves 7 - 0