Padres - Top 1st . Suarez pitching for Giants . Jay flied out to center . Sardiñas grounded out to first . Myers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Pagán struck out looking . Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop . Posey doubled to left . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Solarte singled to left . Schimpf flied out to left . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Solarte out at second . Arcia lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Crawford walked . Crawford picked off first . Hernández singled to center . Brown lined out to right . Adrianza singled to left , Hernández to third . Suárez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Norris singled to center . Richard sacrificed to catcher , Norris to second . Jay singled to left , Norris to third . Sardiñas singled to left center , Norris scored , Jay to second . Myers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sardiñas out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Pagán reached on infield single to shortstop . Tomlinson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pagán out at second . Posey singled to center , Tomlinson to third . Pence doubled to right , Tomlinson scored , Posey to third . Crawford grounded into double play , first to catcher , Posey out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Solarte walked . Schimpf singled to left , Solarte to second . Dickerson flied out to right . Solarte to third , Schimpf to second on wild pitch by Suárez . Arcia lined out to first . Norris intentionally walked . Richard lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Hernández reached on infield single to third . Brown lined out to second . Adrianza lined out to center . Suárez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Jay struck out swinging . Sardiñas grounded out to first . Myers singled to center . Solarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Pagán homered to left center ( 394 feet ) . Tomlinson singled to center . Posey flied out to right . Pence walked , Tomlinson to second . Crawford singled to center , Tomlinson scored , Pence to second . Hernández lined out to right . Brown grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . López pitching for Giants . Schimpf flied out to right . Dickerson struck out swinging . Arcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Adrianza singled to center . Williamson hit for López . Williamson grounded out to shortstop , Adrianza to second . Adrianza to third on passed ball by Norris . Pagán grounded out to pitcher . Tomlinson walked . Domínguez pitching for Padres . Amarista in right field . Posey flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Norris flied out to left . Amarista singled to center . Jay singled to right , Amarista to second . Sardiñas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jay out at second , Amarista to third . Myers hit by pitch , Sardiñas to second . Solarte lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Dominguez pitching for Padres . Pence popped out to first . Crawford grounded out to third . Hernández homered to left center ( 394 feet ) . Brown popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Giants . Schimpf grounded out to pitcher . Dickerson struck out swinging . Rosales hit for Domínguez . Rosales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Padres . Adrianza hit by pitch . Gillaspie hit for Smith . Gillaspie walked , Adrianza to second . Pagán lined out to left . Tomlinson lined into double play , second to shortstop , Adrianza doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Panik at second base . Norris singled to right . Amarista struck out swinging . Jay singled to left , Norris to second . Sardiñas reached on infield single to second , Norris to third , Jay to second . Myers walked , Norris scored , Jay to third , Sardiñas to second . Solarte grounded out to pitcher , Jay scored , Sardiñas to third , Myers to second . Okert pitching for Giants . Schimpf homered to center ( 429 feet ) , Sardiñas and Myers scored . Dickerson flied out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Posey grounded out to third . Pence struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Giants 4 .	Giants lose lead in ninth , fail to gain ground on Dodgers