Tigers - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Anderson homered to center (417 feet). Moncada homered to right center (403 feet). Grandal struck out swinging. Abreu safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Castro, Abreu safe at second on error. Jiménez struck out swinging. Encarnación walked. Robert struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop. Candelario struck out swinging. Maybin struck out swinging. Romine singled to shallow center, Schoop to third. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Romine out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Mazara struck out looking. Mendick struck out looking. Anderson homered to right (350 feet). Moncada reached on infield single to shortstop. Grandal walked, Moncada to second. Abreu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Reyes singled to shallow left center. Jones grounded out to third, Reyes to second. Castro struck out swinging. Reyes picked off second. Gio Gonzalez pitches to Miguel Cabrera. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Jiménez struck out looking. Encarnación fouled out to first. Robert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Cabrera singled to left. Schoop singled to left, Cabrera to second. Candelario struck out swinging. Maybin walked, Schoop to second, Cabrera to third. Romine struck out looking. Paredes singled to left, Cabrera scored and Schoop scored, Maybin to third. Reyes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Mazara struck out swinging. Mendick flied out to right. Anderson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Castro struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Cishek pitching for White Sox. Schoop singled to center, Cabrera to second. Candelario lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Moncada struck out looking. Grandal flied out to left. Abreu safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Paredes. Jiménez singled to right, Abreu to third. Encarnación grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jiménez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Maybin walked. Romine grounded out to catcher, Maybin to second. McCann catching. Paredes grounded out to third. Reyes lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Robert homered to left center (396 feet). Mazara struck out swinging. Mendick homered to left (344 feet). Anderson grounded out to second. Moncada grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Burdi pitching for White Sox. Jones struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. McCann lined out to second. Abreu reached on infield single to second. Jiménez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Schoop safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Moncada. Candelario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schoop out at second. Maybin struck out swinging. Romine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Funkhouser pitching for Tigers. Encarnación doubled to deep left. Goins ran for Encarnación. Robert homered to left (433 feet), Goins scored. Mazara singled to left. Garcia pitching for Tigers. Mendick grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mazara out at second. Anderson lined out to center. Moncada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Goins as designated hitter. Ruiz pitching for White Sox. Paredes flied out to center. Reyes flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 2 - White Sox 7.	Homer-happy White Sox Hit Five More, Rout Tigers 7-2