White Sox - Top 1st. Singer pitching for Royals. Anderson singled to shallow right. Moncada singled to center, Anderson to second. Moncada to second on wild pitch by Singer, Anderson to third on wild pitch by Singer. Abreu grounded out to third. Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to center, Anderson scored, Moncada to third. Robert lined out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Merrifield reached on infield single to pitcher. Dozier flied out to right. Soler flied out to right. Franco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Singer pitching for Royals. Jiménez singled to shallow right. McCann reached on infield single to third, Jiménez to second. Mazara struck out swinging. Madrigal reached on infield single to second, Jiménez scored, McCann to second, McCann safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Olivares. Anderson struck out looking. Moncada hit by pitch, Madrigal to second. Abreu lined out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Gordon walked. Olivares struck out swinging. Gordon to second on wild pitch by Dunning. Lopez grounded out to second, Gordon to third. Mondesi singled to right, Gordon scored. Viloria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Singer pitching for Royals. Encarnación struck out looking. Robert struck out looking. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Merrifield popped out to first. Dozier grounded out to third. Soler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Singer pitching for Royals. McCann grounded out to first. Mazara reached on infield single to third. Madrigal singled to center, Mazara to third. Anderson hit sacrifice fly to right, Mazara scored. Moncada popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Franco walked. Gordon singled to right, Franco to third. Olivares grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Franco scored, Gordon to second. Lopez fouled out to first. Mondesi reached on infield single to second, Gordon scored, Olivares to third. Mondesi stole second. Viloria walked. Merrifield popped out to shortstop. Dozier grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Singer pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. Encarnación walked. Robert lined out to center. Jiménez singled to center, Encarnación to third. Encarnación scored on Singer wild pitch, Jiménez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Viloria. McCann grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Soler struck out swinging. Franco struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Olivares singled to center, Gordon to second. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Lopez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Singer pitching for Royals. Mazara singled to center. Madrigal grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mazara out at second. Anderson singled to right. Hahn pitching for Royals. Anderson stole second. Moncada walked. Abreu doubled to deep center, Moncada scored and Anderson scored. Encarnación lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Mondesi struck out swinging. Viloria grounded out to first. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Zimmer pitching for Royals. Robert singled to left center. Jiménez doubled to deep center, Robert scored. McCann struck out swinging. Mazara grounded out to first, Jiménez to third. Madrigal grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Dozier popped out to second. Soler struck out swinging. Franco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Holland pitching for Royals. Anderson grounded out to second. Moncada struck out looking. Abreu singled to right center. Abreu to second on wild pitch by Holland. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Gordon lined out to center. Olivares lined out to second. Lopez singled to center. Mondesi singled to right center, Lopez to third. O'Hearn hit for Viloria. Colomé pitching for White Sox. Mondesi stole second. O'Hearn walked. Merrifield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Gallagher catching. Newberry pitching for Royals. Robert walked. Jiménez struck out swinging. McCann flied out to center. Mazara grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Colome pitching for White Sox. Dozier grounded out to third. Soler lined out to right. Franco singled to right. Gordon walked, Franco to second. Olivares singled to center, Franco scored, Gordon to second. McBroom hit for Lopez. McBroom grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Royals 4.	Abreu extends hitting streak, White Sox beat Royals 7-3