White Sox - Top 1st. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Anderson struck out swinging. Moncada flied out to left. Grandal struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Frazier singled to right. González grounded into double play, third to second to first, Frazier out at second. Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Grandal. Moran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 2nd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Abreu lined out to center. Jiménez grounded out to second. Robert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Polanco grounded out to first. Bell struck out swinging. Hayes walked. Newman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. McCann homered to center (409 feet). Mazara struck out swinging. Madrigal grounded out to shortstop. Anderson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Stallings struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to third. González grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Moncada singled to deep right center, Moncada safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Polanco. Grandal singled to shallow center, Moncada scored. Abreu reached on infield single to first, Grandal to second. Jiménez walked, Abreu to second, Grandal to third. Robert struck out swinging. McCann hit sacrifice fly to center, Grandal scored. Mazara walked, Jiménez to second, Abreu to third. Madrigal singled to shallow center, Abreu scored and Jiménez scored, Mazara to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Madrigal out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Reynolds flied out to right. Moran grounded out to pitcher. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Moncada grounded out to second. Grandal flied out to left. Abreu grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Bell singled to center. Hayes flied out to right. Newman grounded out to third, Bell to second. Stallings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Brubaker pitching for Pirates. Jiménez grounded out to third. Robert singled to shallow right center. McCann homered to left (423 feet), Robert scored. Bashlor pitching for Pirates. Mazara reached on infield single to second. Madrigal lined out to second. Anderson walked, Mazara to second. Moncada doubled to left, Mazara scored, Anderson to third. Grandal lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Frazier flied out to center. González grounded out to third. Reynolds lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Tropeano pitching for Pirates. Abreu flied out to right. Jiménez hit ground rule double to deep left. Robert struck out swinging. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Moran doubled to left. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Polanco struck out swinging. Bell walked, Moran to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Hayes struck out swinging. Newman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Riddle at first base. Riddle at first base. Tropeano pitching for Pirates. Mazara struck out swinging. Madrigal struck out looking. Anderson singled to left center. Moncada lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for White Sox. Stallings flied out to right. Riddle singled to shallow right. González flied out to center. Reynolds walked, Riddle to second. Martin walked, Reynolds to second, Riddle to third. Polanco reached first base on catcher's interference, Riddle to home on error, Polanco to first on error by catcher McCann, Martin to second on error, Reynolds to third on error. Bell lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 9th. Tropeano pitching for Pirates. Grandal grounded out to third. Abreu struck out swinging. Jiménez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for White Sox. Hayes lined out to second. Newman flied out to center. Stallings walked. Riddle flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 8 - Pirates 1.	McCann homers twice, White Sox top Pirates on Clemente Day