White Sox - Top 1st. Civale pitching for Indians. Anderson flied out to right. Moncada walked. Grandal struck out looking. Abreu walked, Moncada to second. Jiménez reached on infield single to catcher, Abreu to second, Moncada to third. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Lindor singled to right center. Hernández singled to center, Lindor to second. Ramírez homered to right (392 feet), Lindor scored and Hernández scored. Santana struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to second. Naquin grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Civale pitching for Indians. Robert walked. Mazara grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robert out at second. Madrigal singled to right, Mazara to second. Anderson grounded into double play, pitcher to third to first, Mazara out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded out to second. Naylor doubled to deep center. DeShields walked. Lindor flied out to left. Hernández singled to right, Naylor scored, Hernández to second, DeShields to third. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Civale pitching for Indians. Moncada grounded out to second. Grandal struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Santana struck out looking. Reyes struck out looking. Naquin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Civale pitching for Indians. Jiménez singled to shallow left, Jiménez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ramírez. Encarnación struck out swinging. Robert struck out looking. Mazara lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Dunning pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out swinging. Naylor singled to center. DeShields flied out to right. Lindor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Civale pitching for Indians. Madrigal flied out to center. Anderson singled to left. Moncada popped out to shortstop. Grandal hit ground rule double to deep right center, Anderson to third. Abreu singled to center, Anderson scored and Grandal scored. Jiménez homered to right center (386 feet), Abreu scored. Encarnación flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Hernández struck out swinging. Ramírez walked. Santana homered to left center (401 feet), Ramírez scored. Reyes struck out swinging. Naquin struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Civale pitching for Indians. Robert flied out to right. Mazara reached on infield single to second. Madrigal flied out to right. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Naylor grounded out to shortstop. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Wittgren pitching for Indians. Moncada struck out swinging. Grandal struck out swinging. Abreu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Lindor singled to center. Lindor caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Hernández walked. Ramírez doubled to deep right, Hernández to third. Santana walked. Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernández scored, Ramírez to third. Naquin lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Karinchak pitching for Indians. Jiménez grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación struck out swinging. Robert walked. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. McCann catching. Foster pitching for White Sox. Pérez struck out looking. Naylor doubled to deep right. Mercado ran for Naylor. DeShields flied out to right, Mercado to third. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Mercado in left field. Hand pitching for Indians. Madrigal singled to shallow center. Anderson flied out to center. Moncada grounded into fielder's choice to left, Madrigal safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Ramírez. McCann struck out looking. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Indians 7.	Ramírez homers, Indians close in on playoffs top ChiSox 7-4