Royals - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar tripled to deep center . Moustakas grounded out to second , Escobar scored . Cain grounded out to shortstop . Hosmer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Royals . Segura struck out swinging . Pollock popped out to second . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left . Peralta walked . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Morales homered to center . Gordon singled to left center . Perez popped out to second . Gordon picked off first . Infante walked . Fuentes grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Royals . Lamb grounded out to first . Tomas lined out to center . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar grounded out to third . Moustakas flied out to center . Cain grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Royals . Ahmed singled to right . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ahmed out at second . Pollock doubled to deep center , Segura scored . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pollock scored . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Castillo singled to left , Goldschmidt to third , Peralta to second . Lamb walked , Goldschmidt scored , Peralta to third , Castillo to second . Tomas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta scored , Castillo out at third , Lamb to second . Weeks doubled to left , Lamb scored , Tomas to third . Ahmed grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Brito in center field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Hosmer walked . Morales popped out to shortstop . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Segura lined out to first . Brito singled to left . Brito stole second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez singled to left center . Infante singled to left center , Perez to second . Fuentes singled to right , Perez to third , Infante to second . Escobar grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Perez scored , Fuentes out at second , Infante to third . Moustakas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wang pitching for Royals . Castillo flied out to left . Lamb doubled to right . Tomas struck out swinging . Weeks singled to right center , Lamb scored . Ahmed reached on infield single to second , Weeks to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ahmed out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Cain grounded out to third . Hosmer walked . Morales fouled out to right . Hosmer caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gordon batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Brito reached on infield single to first . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Brito out at second . Peralta struck out looking . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Brito in right field . Gosselin at first base . Owings in center field . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Infante popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Moylan pitching for Royals . Lamb lined out to left . Tomas struck out swinging . Herrmann hit for Weeks . Herrmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Drury at third base . Bourgeois in left field . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Fuentes grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . Moustakas lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Culver pitching for Royals . Ahmed homered to left . Segura struck out swinging . Brito struck out swinging . Gosselin flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Cain struck out looking . Hosmer fouled out to third . Morales singled to right . Gordon singled to right , Morales to third . Perez singled to center , Morales scored , Gordon to second . Toups ran for Perez . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gordon out at third , Toups to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Pollock re - injures elbow in Arizona 's 7 - 4 win over KC