Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Blair pitching for Braves . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Lamb walked . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Peralta singled to left , Lamb to second . Castillo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to pitcher . Freeman singled to left . Freeman stole second . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Blair pitching for Braves . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Owings doubled to left . Greinke popped out to first . Ahmed singled to left , Owings scored , Ahmed to second advancing on throw . Segura grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierzynski flied out to right . Brignac struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Blair pitching for Braves . Lamb flied out to left . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Peralta singled to right center , Goldschmidt scored . Castillo safe at third on error by third baseman Brignac , Peralta scored . Drury grounded out to third . Owings intentionally walked . Greinke flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blair struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Blair pitching for Braves . Ahmed grounded out to third . Segura walked . Lamb lined into double play , second to first , Segura doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . García lined out to second . Freeman struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right center . Pierzynski struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Flowers catching . Blair pitching for Braves . Goldschmidt singled to left . Peralta lined into double play , right to first , Goldschmidt doubled off first . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Brignac grounded out to first . Aybar singled to left . Tuiasosopo hit for Blair . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Drury homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Greinke grounded out to shortstop . Ahmed struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Smith singled to left . Markakis singled to right , Smith to third . García reached on infield single to third , Smith scored , Markakis to second . Freeman grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , García out at second , Markakis to third . Johnson walked . Flowers reached on infield single to second , Markakis scored , Johnson to second . Brignac lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Segura struck out swinging . Cervenka pitching for Braves . Lamb flied out to left . Goldschmidt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Aybar singled to left . Castro hit for Cervenka . Castro struck out swinging . Aybar out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Peralta singled to center . Castillo doubled to left , Peralta to third . Drury grounded out to third . Owings intentionally walked . Gosselin hit for Clippard . Gosselin hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored , Castillo to third , Owings to second . Ahmed grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Markakis singled to left . García flied out to center . Freeman singled to right , Markakis to third . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Segura singled to left center . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Lamb safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson , Segura to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Peralta struck out swinging . Castillo singled to left , Segura and Lamb scored . Drury grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers struck out swinging . Brignac lined out to left . Aybar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Braves 2 .	Greinke helps Diamondbacks beat Braves 7 - 2 , snap 6 - game skid