Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Segura doubled to deep left center . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura to third . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to right , Segura scored . Lamb grounded into double play , second to third to first , Drury out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . Story doubled to deep right , Blackmon scored . González struck out swinging . Arenado struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Castillo singled to center . Herrmann grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . Owings flied out to right . Ahmed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds flied out to right . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Wolters safe at first on error by shortstop Ahmed . Chatwood reached on infield single to second , Wolters to second . Blackmon walked , Wolters to third , Chatwood to second . Story struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Bradley grounded out to first . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Drury grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . González flied out to center . Arenado grounded out to second . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb walked , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo struck out swinging . Herrmann grounded out to first , Goldschmidt to third , Lamb to second . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds lined out to center . LeMahieu doubled to right . Wolters walked . Chatwood walked , LeMahieu to third , Wolters to second . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to right , LeMahieu scored , Wolters to third . Story doubled to deep center , Wolters and Chatwood scored , Story out stretching at third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Bradley struck out looking . Segura homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Drury walked . Goldschmidt singled to center , Drury to second . Lamb homered to right ( 439 feet ) , Drury and Goldschmidt scored . Castillo doubled to center . Herrmann tripled to deep center , Castillo scored . Owings grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . González singled to right . Arenado lined out to right . Parra doubled to left , González to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ahmed struck out swinging . Bradley grounded out to second . Segura lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters grounded out to third . Adames hit for Chatwood . Adames grounded out to second . Blackmon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Drury grounded out to third . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb walked , Goldschmidt to second . Castillo singled to center , Goldschmidt scored , Lamb to second . Herrmann struck out swinging . Owings singled to right , Lamb scored , Castillo to third . Ahmed flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Story popped out to first . González struck out swinging . Arenado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gosselin hit for Barrett . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Gosselin reached on infield single to third . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gosselin out at second . Drury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra doubled to deep left center . Parra caught stealing third , catcher to third . Reynolds singled to left . Reynolds to second on balk by Clippard . LeMahieu singled to right , Reynolds to third . Wolters struck out swinging . Raburn hit for Oberg . Raburn lined out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Lamb tripled to deep right , Goldschmidt scored . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center , Lamb scored . Herrmann struck out looking . Owings grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon lined out to right . Story struck out looking . González hit ground rule double to left on fan interference . Arenado reached on infield single to shortstop , González to third . Parra singled to center , González scored , Arenado to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 5 .	Lamb homers , drives in 4 as Diamondbacks beat Rockies , 10 - 5