Yankees - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellsbury lined out to third . Castro grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to center . Beltrán grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Green pitching for Yankees . Segura struck out swinging . Bourn flied out to left . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Lamb doubled to center . Tomás reached on infield single to third , Lamb to third . Tomás stole second . Drury grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley grounded out to second . Hicks lined out to center . Gregorius singled to center . Romine grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Green pitching for Yankees . Herrmann singled to right center . Herrmann stole second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Ray grounded out to shortstop , Herrmann to third . Segura doubled to center , Herrmann scored . Bourn flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out looking . Ellsbury struck out looking . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Green pitching for Yankees . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Lamb singled to left . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb to second . Herrmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Teixeira doubled to left . Beltrán singled to center , Teixeira to third . Headley singled to right , Teixeira scored , Beltrán to second . Hicks flied out to center , Beltrán to third , Headley to second . Gregorius popped out to shortstop . Romine intentionally walked . Green struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Green pitching for Yankees . Ahmed lined out to right . Ray grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellsbury tripled to deep center , Ellsbury scored on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Castro grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Beltrán struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Green pitching for Yankees . Bourn safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira . Goldschmidt walked , Bourn to second . Lamb homered to right center ( 426 feet ) , Bourn and Goldschmidt scored . Tomás doubled to deep right . Goody pitching for Yankees . Drury lined out to center , Tomás to third . Herrmann hit sacrifice fly to center , Tomás scored . Ahmed doubled to deep right center . Ray singled to right center , Ahmed scored . Segura struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley lined out to second . Hicks flied out to left . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Mullee pitching for Yankees . Bourn walked . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Bourn stole second . Lamb walked . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at second , Bourn to third . Drury hit by pitch , Tomás to second . Herrmann walked , Bourn scored , Tomás to third , Drury to second . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Herrmann out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Romine grounded out to second . Ackley hit for Mullee . Ackley grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Gosselin hit for Ray . Gosselin safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius . Segura hit by pitch , Gosselin to second . Bourn singled to left , Gosselin to third , Segura to second . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gosselin scored , Bourn out at second , Segura to third . Lamb struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to center . Beltrán grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Drury doubled to deep right , Drury out at second . Herrmann singled to shallow center . Ahmed doubled to deep center , Herrmann scored . Weeks Jr. hit for Chafin . Weeks Jr. walked . Segura tripled to deep right , Ahmed and Weeks Jr. scored . Bourn grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley struck out swinging . Hicks singled to center . Gregorius struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Diamondbacks 12 .	Lamb 's 3 - run HR helps D - backs beat Yankees 12 - 2