Diamondbacks - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Segura walked . Bourn flied out to left , Segura to second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Segura scored . Tomás struck out swinging . Castillo singled to left center , Goldschmidt to second . O'Brien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right ( 390 feet ) . LeMahieu singled to center . LeMahieu caught stealing second , pitcher to second to first to shortstop . Arenado struck out swinging . González doubled to deep right . Story lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Drury walked . Ahmed struck out swinging . Miller sacrificed to third , Drury to second . Segura walked . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso grounded out to second . Barnes flied out to center . Wolters reached on infield single to second . De La Rosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to third . Castillo singled to center . O'Brien grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Drury grounded out to first . Ahmed singled to right . Miller singled to left , Ahmed to third . Segura walked , Miller to second . Bourn grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . González grounded out to second . Story doubled to deep right center . Descalso singled to left center , Story scored . Barnes reached on infield single to second , Descalso to third . Wolters doubled to left , Descalso and Barnes scored . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Tomás walked . Castillo singled to center , Tomás to third . O'Brien grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu walked . Arenado doubled to deep right center , LeMahieu scored . González grounded out to shortstop , Arenado to third . Story struck out swinging . Descalso popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Drury grounded out to second . Ahmed grounded out to third . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes singled to left center , Barnes to third on error by left fielder O'Brien . Wolters homered to right ( 432 feet ) , Barnes scored . Adames hit for De La Rosa . Adames grounded out to second . Blackmon flied out to center . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Segura walked . Segura stole second , Segura safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wolters . Bourn homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Segura scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to first . Tomás flied out to center . Castillo flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado walked . González lined out to third . Story flied out to left . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . O'Brien flied out to left . Drury walked . Ahmed singled to center , Drury to second . Lamb hit for Bracho . Lamb singled to right , Drury scored , Ahmed to third . Segura grounded out to third , Ahmed scored , Lamb to second . Germen pitching for Rockies . Reynolds at first base . Bourn doubled to center , Lamb scored . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Tomás grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Drury in right field . Lamb at third base . Barnes doubled to left . Wolters sacrificed to pitcher , Barnes to third . Reynolds walked . Blackmon singled to right , Barnes scored , Reynolds to second . LeMahieu homered to center ( 424 feet ) , Reynolds and Blackmon scored . Arenado lined out to center . González doubled to left . Story intentionally walked . Germen struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Germen pitching for Rockies . Castillo struck out swinging . O'Brien walked . Drury lined into double play , shortstop to first , O'Brien doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Rockies 11 .	Wolters ' 1st big league HR helps Rockies beat D - backs 11 - 6