Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Bourn lined out to center . Gosselin grounded out to first . Segura doubled to center . Goldschmidt singled to center , Segura scored . Goldschmidt stole second . Castillo hit ground rule double to deep center , Goldschmidt scored . Tomás safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Villar , Castillo to third . Owings grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Villar flied out to center . Pérez grounded out to third . Braun walked . Lucroy singled to center , Braun to second . Carter singled to center , Braun scored , Lucroy to second . Gennett walked , Lucroy to third , Carter to second . Elmore singled to center , Lucroy and Carter scored , Gennett to second . Broxton singled to left , Gennett thrown out at home , Elmore to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Drury struck out swinging . Corbin struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Garza struck out swinging . Villar lined out to second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Gosselin doubled to deep right . Segura grounded out to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Castillo fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy flied out to left . Carter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Tomás walked . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tomás out at second . Drury doubled to deep left , Owings to third . Corbin walked . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Owings scored , Corbin out at second , Drury to third . Gosselin lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gennett lined out to first . Elmore singled to left . Elmore out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Broxton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Segura grounded out to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Garza struck out looking . Villar bunt grounded out to first . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . Owings grounded out to pitcher . Drury grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Braun singled to center . Lucroy walked , Braun to second . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Carter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lucroy out at second , Braun to third . Gennett reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun scored . Gennett stole second . Elmore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Weeks Jr. hit for Burgos . Weeks Jr. struck out looking . Bourn reached on bunt single to pitcher , Bourn to second on throwing error by pitcher Smith . Gosselin grounded out to first , Bourn to third . Segura walked . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Nieuwenhuis in right field . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to first , Bourn scored , Segura to second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Broxton struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis doubled to right . Nieuwenhuis caught stealing third , catcher to third . Villar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Tomás singled to right . Owings struck out looking . Drury struck out swinging . Freeman hit for Barrett . Freeman walked , Tomás to second . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez singled to center . Braun walked , Pérez to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . Carter walked , Pérez to third , Braun to second . Gennett singled to center , Pérez and Braun scored , Carter to second . Curtis pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkins hit for Thornburg . Wilkins struck out swinging . Broxton walked , Carter to third , Gennett to second . Nieuwenhuis walked , Carter scored , Gennett to third , Broxton to second . Villar singled to left , Gennett and Broxton scored , Nieuwenhuis to second . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Gosselin struck out looking . Segura grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Brewers 9 .	Brewers score 5 in 8th to beat Diamondbacks 9 - 4