Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bourn grounded out to second . Gosselin safe at first on error by shortstop Villar . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gosselin safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Villar , Gosselin scored , Segura to third on error by right fielder Nieuwenhuis . Goldschmidt walked . Castillo singled to center , Segura scored , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Castillo scored . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Drury grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 3 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Villar doubled to deep left . Gennett walked . Braun lined into double play , right to first , Gennett doubled off first . Villar caught stealing third , catcher to third . Lucroy batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Bradley singled to right , Bradley to second on error by right fielder Nieuwenhuis . Bourn struck out looking . Gosselin struck out looking . Segura singled to right , Bradley scored , Segura to second on error by right fielder Nieuwenhuis . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Carter flied out to right . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Elmore at third base . Pérez at shortstop . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Castillo struck out looking . Tomás struck out swinging . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez flied out to left . Broxton struck out looking . Nelson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Drury reached on infield single to shortstop . Bradley bunt popped out foul to first . Bourn reached on infield single to second , Drury to second . Gosselin lined out to right , Drury to third . Segura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Elmore walked . Gennett grounded out to first , Elmore to third on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Castillo walked . Tomás homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Castillo scored . Owings struck out swinging . Drury singled to right . Mariñez pitching for Brewers . Drury to second on wild pitch by Mariñez . Bradley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Carter struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . Pérez singled to right . Broxton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Marinez pitching for Brewers . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Gosselin grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Mariñez struck out swinging . Elmore grounded out to shortstop . Gennett singled to right . Braun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Marinez pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt singled to center . Castillo doubled to deep center , Goldschmidt to third . Tomás grounded out to third . Owings fouled out to first . Drury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy doubled to deep center . Carter flied out to right , Lucroy to third . Nieuwenhuis walked . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right , Lucroy scored . Broxton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Wilkins in right field . Freeman hit for Bradley . Freeman struck out looking . Bourn grounded out to second . Gosselin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkins grounded out to second . Elmore struck out looking . Gennett flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Flores in left field . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Segura doubled to deep left . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Castillo struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Flores flied out to center . Lucroy flied out to center . Carter singled to left . Nieuwenhuis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Brewers 1 .	Tomas homers twice ; Bradley , D'backs beat Brewers 8 - 1