Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Segura doubled to deep center . Bourn flied out to center , Segura to third . Goldschmidt walked . Lamb singled to left , Goldschmidt to second . Tomás flied out to center . Castillo singled to center , Goldschmidt scored , Lamb to third . Haniger fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Jankowski singled to center . Myers grounded out to third , Jankowski to second . Jankowski to third on wild pitch by Bradley . Solarte grounded out to shortstop , Jankowski scored . Dickerson walked . Schimpf flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Owings singled to right center . Bradley struck out swinging . Segura sacrificed to pitcher , Owings to second . Bourn flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bethancourt lined out to center . Norris lined out to left . Noonan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Lamb walked . Tomás grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lamb out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Clemens struck out swinging . Jankowski singled to left . Jankowski stole second . Myers singled to right center , Jankowski scored . Solarte singled to left , Myers to third . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Myers scored , Solarte safe at third on error by second baseman Segura . Schimpf walked , Dickerson to second . Bethancourt singled to center , Solarte and Dickerson scored , Schimpf to third . Norris grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bethancourt out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Castillo singled to center . Haniger singled to left , Castillo to second . Owings flied out to right , Castillo to third . Bradley struck out swinging . Segura fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Noonan grounded out to shortstop . Clemens walked . Jankowski grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Clemens out at second . Jankowski caught stealing second , catcher to second . Myers batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Padres . Bourn grounded out to second . Goldschmidt singled to right . Lamb struck out swinging . Goldschmidt stole second . Tomás walked . Castillo singled to center , Goldschmidt scored , Tomás to second . Haniger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers flied out to right . Solarte singled to right . Dickerson lined out to right . Schimpf singled to center , Solarte to third . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Bethancourt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Domínguez pitching for Padres . Owings tripled to deep center . Gosselin hit for Hudson . Gosselin flied out to right . Segura homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Owings scored . Bourn grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Norris popped out to second . Noonan popped out to third . Jackson hit for Domínguez . Jackson walked . Jankowski doubled to left , Jackson to third . Jackson scored , Jankowski to third on passed ball by Castillo . Myers hit by pitch . Solarte struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hand pitching for Padres . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás reached on infield single to third . Castillo grounded out to third , Tomás to second . Haniger doubled to deep left , Tomás scored . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson grounded out to first . Schimpf struck out swinging . Bethancourt singled to left . Norris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Buchter pitching for Padres . Weeks Jr. hit for Escobar . Weeks Jr. walked . Weeks Jr. stole second . Segura struck out swinging . Bourn singled to center , Weeks Jr. scored . Goldschmidt lined out to third . Bourn caught stealing second , pitcher to first to third . Lamb batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez hit for Noonan . Ramírez flied out to center . Wallace hit for Buchter . Wallace struck out swinging . Jankowski singled to left . Myers singled to center , Jankowski to third . Solarte walked , Myers to second . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson doubled to deep left center , Jankowski , Myers and Solarte scored . Schimpf intentionally walked . Bethancourt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Ramírez at shortstop . Blash in right field . Lamb walked . Tomás lined out to right . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb safe at second on error by second baseman Schimpf . Shipley ran for Castillo . Haniger singled to left , Lamb scored , Shipley to second . Owings flied out to right . Drury hit for Burgos . Drury grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Padres 9 .	Padres get past Diamondbacks 9 - 8