Braves - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Inciarte grounded out to first . García struck out swinging . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Segura lined out to right . Bourn tripled to deep right center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Castillo doubled to deep right , Bourn scored . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Markakis struck out looking . Flowers singled to center . Peterson walked , Flowers to second . d'Arnaud flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Owings flied out to center . Haniger flied out to left . Drury doubled to deep center . Greinke grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Teherán struck out swinging . Inciarte singled to right . García grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Segura grounded out to second . Bourn singled to center . Goldschmidt singled to right , Bourn to third . Goldschmidt stole second . Castillo singled to left , Bourn and Goldschmidt scored . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . Owings bunt popped out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman struck out swinging . Kemp lined out to center . Markakis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Drury popped out to third . Greinke flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers fouled out to first . Peterson walked . d'Arnaud walked , Peterson to second . Teherán sacrificed to first , Peterson to third , d'Arnaud to second . Inciarte doubled to left , Peterson and d'Arnaud scored . García grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Segura homered to left center ( 425 feet ) . Bourn struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to center . Castillo lined out to left . Lamb homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Owings flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman lined out to left . Kemp singled to center . Markakis doubled to deep right center , Kemp scored . Flowers singled to left , Markakis scored . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Flowers out at second . d'Arnaud flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Haniger singled to center . Drury grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Haniger out at second . Gosselin hit for Greinke . Gosselin singled to left . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Swanson hit for Teherán . Swanson struck out swinging . Inciarte reached on bunt single to third . García struck out swinging . Hathaway pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman reached on infield single to shortstop , Inciarte to second . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Bourn tripled to deep right center . Goldschmidt homered to center ( 435 feet ) , Bourn scored . Castillo grounded out to third . Lamb singled to left center . Owings singled to center , Lamb to third . Younginer pitching for Braves . Owings stole second . Haniger hit sacrifice fly to left , Lamb scored . Drury walked . Weeks Jr. hit for Hudson . Weeks Jr. hit by pitch , Owings to third , Drury to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Drury out at third , Weeks Jr. to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Markakis doubled to left . Flowers walked . Peterson singled to shallow left , Markakis to third , Flowers to second . d'Arnaud grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Markakis scored , Peterson out at second , Flowers to third . Beckham hit for Younginer . Beckham hit for Younginer . Beckham struck out looking . Beckham hit for Younginer . Beckham hit for Younginer . Beckham struck out looking . Inciarte struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Beckham at second base . Bourn singled to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Castillo flied out to center . Lamb flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . García homered to center ( 441 feet ) . Freeman walked . Kemp walked , Freeman to second . Markakis singled to center , Freeman scored , Kemp to third . Leone pitching for Diamondbacks . Flowers doubled to deep center , Kemp scored , Markakis to third . Recker hit for Vizcaíno . Recker walked . d'Arnaud hit sacrifice fly to center , Markakis scored , Flowers to third . Beckham flied out to right , Recker to second . Inciarte struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Cabrera pitching for Braves . Owings singled to center . Haniger flied out to right . Drury lined out to right . Gosewisch hit for Leone . Gosewisch grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 10th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . García walked . Freeman struck out looking . García to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Kemp grounded out to second , García to third . Markakis walked . Flowers intentionally walked , Markakis to second . Whalen hit for Cabrera . Whalen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flowers out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Segura grounded out to third . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 11th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop . Beckham grounded out to second . Inciarte reached on infield single to first . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Castillo flied out to center . Lamb doubled to deep center . Lamb to third on wild pitch by Ramírez . Owings hit by pitch . Haniger intentionally walked , Owings to second . Drury hit sacrifice fly to left , Lamb scored . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 9 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Drury hits sac fly in 11th ; D - backs beat Braves 10 - 9