Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Gosselin grounded out to second . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia singled to right . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tapia out at second . González lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Castillo grounded out to third . Lamb singled to center . Tomás struck out swinging . Lamb to second on passed ball by Murphy . Owings singled to center , Lamb scored . Brito grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to third . Dahl singled to center . Murphy grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dahl out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Shipley grounded out to third . Gosselin singled to right center . Pollock singled to left , Gosselin to second . Goldschmidt walked , Gosselin to third , Pollock to second . Castillo doubled to left , Gosselin , Pollock and Goldschmidt scored . Lamb homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Castillo scored . Tomás struck out swinging . Owings singled to left center . Brito grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra homered to left center ( 412 feet ) . Descalso grounded out to second . Chatwood grounded out to shortstop . Tapia fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Shipley fouled out to first . Gosselin flied out to center . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu doubled to deep right center . González flied out to center , LeMahieu to third . Arenado flied out to left . Dahl grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Castillo popped out to second . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out looking . Parra doubled to deep right . Descalso homered to right center ( 410 feet ) , Parra scored . Cardullo hit for Chatwood . Cardullo grounded out to shortstop . Tapia lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Tomás flied out to left . Owings singled to right . Brito doubled to deep right , Owings to third . Shipley grounded out to shortstop , Owings scored . Gosselin flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to center . González walked , LeMahieu to second . Arenado struck out swinging . Dahl struck out swinging . Murphy singled to left , LeMahieu scored , González to second , González to third , Murphy to second on throwing error by left fielder Brito . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to left center . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Pollock scored . Castillo struck out swinging . McGee pitching for Rockies . Lamb fouled out to third . Tomás singled to right , Goldschmidt scored , Tomás to second advancing on throw . Owings reached on infield single to shortstop , Tomás to third . Owings caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Brito batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso lined out to center . Adames hit for McGee . Adames grounded out to shortstop . Tapia singled to left . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to left , Tapia to second . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Brito struck out swinging . Jensen hit for Delgado . Jensen lined out to right . Gosselin walked . Pollock fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado lined out to center . Dahl struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Castillo singled to left . Lamb lined out to center . Tomás lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra struck out swinging . Descalso walked . Raburn hit for Qualls . Raburn struck out swinging . Tapia lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Rockies 4 .	Owings , Lamb lead Diamondbacks past Rockies , 9 - 4