Rockies - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right ( 390 feet ) . LeMahieu singled to right . Arenado struck out swinging . González walked , LeMahieu to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to first , González out at second , LeMahieu to third . Parra walked , Reynolds to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Segura homered to left center ( 426 feet ) . Owings lined out to shortstop . Goldschmidt lined out to second . Lamb walked . Tomás doubled to deep center , Lamb scored . Drury grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso walked . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Hoffman sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Blackmon grounded out to third . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Brito grounded out to first . Gosewisch walked . O'Brien hit for Delgado . O'Brien struck out swinging . Segura singled to center , Gosewisch to second . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado doubled to deep right center . González lined out to center , Arenado to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt singled to right . Lamb grounded into double play , second to third to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out swinging . Descalso struck out looking . Hoffman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Drury struck out swinging . Brito grounded out to second . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon reached on infield single to second . LeMahieu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blackmon out at second . Arenado singled to center . González grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Shipley singled to right . Segura homered to left ( 384 feet ) , Shipley scored . Owings doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Owings to third . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Owings scored on error by catcher Murphy . Tomás flied out to right . Drury doubled to deep left , Lamb scored . Miller pitching for Rockies . Brito singled to right , Drury scored . Gosewisch hit by pitch , Brito to second . Shipley grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 6th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds singled to right . Parra grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second . Murphy walked . Descalso homered to right center ( 409 feet ) , Murphy scored . Dahl hit for Miller . Dahl grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Owings homered to left center ( 392 feet ) , Segura scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb lined out to center . Tomás safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Drury singled to right , Tomás to third . Brito popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon tripled to deep right . LeMahieu singled to center , Blackmon scored . Arenado doubled to center , LeMahieu to third . Escobar pitching for Diamondbacks . González singled to left center , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . Parra hit sacrifice fly to left , Arenado scored . Murphy grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Gosewisch grounded out to third . Gosselin hit for Barrett . Gosselin singled to left . Segura singled to left , Gosselin to second . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Owings grounded out to third , Gosselin to third , Segura to second . Gosselin scored , Segura to third on wild pitch by Lyles . Goldschmidt walked . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt stole second . Lamb grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso lined out to right . Tapia hit for Rusin . Tapia struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Tomás grounded out to first . Drury homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Brito singled to center . Gosewisch walked , Brito to second . Haniger hit for Burgos . Haniger reached on infield single to shortstop , Brito to third , Gosewisch to second . Segura struck out swinging . Carasiti pitching for Rockies . Owings lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to left center . Arenado lined out to center . González struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to center , LeMahieu to third . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Segura powers Diamondbacks past Rockies 11 - 6 for sweep