Phillies - Top 1st. Maine pitching for Mets. Rollins grounded out to third. Victorino fouled out to left. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Reyes struck out swinging. Lo Duca grounded out to third. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Maine pitching for Mets. Howard flied out to center. Burrell singled to center. Ruiz struck out swinging. Rowand walked, Burrell to second. Nunez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Delgado reached on bunt single to third. Wright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Delgado out at second. Alou popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Maine pitching for Mets. Hamels reached on infield single to third. Rollins walked, Hamels to second. Victorino sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hamels to third, Rollins to second. Utley hit sacrifice fly to right, Hamels scored, Rollins to third, Victorino to second. Howard struck out swinging. Burrell fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Green flied out to center. Valentin struck out looking. Maine reached on infield single to second. Reyes singled to center, Maine to second. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Maine pitching for Mets. Ruiz singled to right. Rowand walked, Ruiz to second. Nunez walked, Ruiz to third, Rowand to second. Hamels grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ruiz out at home, Rowand to third, Nunez to second. Rollins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hamels out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Beltran reached on infield single to shortstop. Delgado singled to deep right, Beltran to third. Wright struck out swinging. Alou struck out looking. Green walked, Delgado to second. Valentin singled to left, Beltran and Delgado scored, Green to second. Maine struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Maine pitching for Mets. Victorino struck out looking. Utley homered to left. Howard walked. Burrell singled to right, Howard to second. Ruiz flied out to center. Burgos pitching for Mets. Rowand walked, Howard to third, Burrell to second. Nunez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Reyes safe at second on error by first baseman Howard. Lo Duca grounded out to second, Reyes to third. Beltran walked. Delgado hit sacrifice fly to center, Reyes scored. Beltran caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Wright batting. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Burgos pitching for Mets. Hamels grounded out to second. Rollins hit by pitch. Victorino singled to right center, Rollins to third. Victorino stole second. Utley struck out swinging. Howard homered to right, Rollins and Victorino scored. Burrell struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Wright flied out to right. Alou walked. Green struck out swinging. Smith pitching for Mets. Valentin lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Mets. Ruiz struck out looking. Rowand grounded out to third. Smith pitching for Phillies. Easley hit for Smith. Nunez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Phillies. Easley grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to third. Lo Duca singled to left. Beltran walked, Lo Duca to second. Geary pitching for Phillies. Delgado singled to center, Lo Duca scored, Beltran to second. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Wright lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Geary grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to second. Victorino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Geary pitching for Phillies. Alou singled to deep right center. Chavez ran for Green. Green singled to left, Alou to second. Franco hit for Feliciano. Valentin bunted into fielder's choice to third, Alou out at third, Chavez to second. Franco walked, Chavez to third, Valentin to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez scored, Valentin to third, Franco safe at second on error by shortstop Rollins. Lieber pitching for Phillies. Lo Duca walked. Beltran hit sacrifice fly to center, Franco scored. Delgado walked, Reyes to third, Lo Duca to second. Wright doubled to deep left, Reyes and Lo Duca scored, Delgado to third. Alou singled to left, Delgado and Wright scored. Chavez in right field. Wagner pitching for Mets. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Mets. Utley grounded out to second. Howard struck out looking. Burrell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Mets 11.	Rollins' error helps Mets rally past rival Phillies