Phillies - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rollins grounded out to second. Bourn grounded out to third. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Sullivan struck out looking. Matsui homered to right. Holliday grounded out to third. Helton singled to right. Helton to second on wild pitch by Eaton. Atkins fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Howard lined out to right. Victorino singled to center. Burrell hit by pitch, Victorino to second. Dobbs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burrell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Hawpe tripled to deep right. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to pitcher, Hawpe scored. Iannetta flied out to right. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Tulowitzki to second. Sullivan singled to left, Tulowitzki scored. Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop, Sullivan to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Barajas popped out to second. Eaton reached on infield single to shortstop. Rollins singled to center, Eaton to second. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rollins out at second, Eaton to third. Utley singled to center, Eaton scored, Bourn to third. Howard singled to center, Bourn scored, Utley to second. Victorino fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Helton homered to right. Atkins safe at first on error by third baseman Dobbs. Hawpe flied out to center. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Atkins caught stealing second, catcher to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Burrell homered to center. Dobbs singled to center. Barajas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dobbs out at second. Eaton sacrificed to third, Barajas to second. Rollins singled to right, Barajas scored. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Iannetta flied out to right. Cook grounded out to third. Sullivan lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Utley grounded out to first. Howard flied out to left. Victorino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Holliday flied out to center. Helton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Burrell singled to right. Dobbs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Burrell out at second. Barajas singled to left. Eaton singled to center, Barajas to second. Rollins singled to center, Barajas scored, Eaton to third, Rollins to second advancing on throw. Bourn popped out to first. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Eaton pitching for Phillies. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hawpe out at second. Martin pitching for Rockies. Iannetta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Utley singled to center. Howard struck out swinging. Victorino homered to left, Utley scored. Burrell struck out swinging. Nunez hit for Dobbs. Bourn in left field. Madson pitching for Phillies. Nunez at third base. Rowand in center field. Taveras hit for Martin. Nunez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Taveras doubled to deep left center. Sullivan grounded out to second, Taveras to third. Matsui struck out looking. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Barajas struck out swinging. Rowand grounded out to third. Rollins walked. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to second. Bourn batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Helton struck out swinging. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe singled to right center. Julio pitching for Rockies. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Rockies. Bourn doubled to deep left center. Utley grounded out to pitcher, Bourn to third. Howard hit sacrifice fly to center, Bourn scored. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Baker hit for Julio. Madson pitching for Phillies. Iannetta flied out to right. Baker flied out to left. Sullivan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 8 - Rockies 4.	Phils bail out grounds crew, then top Rockies