Cardinals - Top 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Miles grounded out to first. Ludwick popped out to second. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Rollins hit ground rule double to left. Victorino sacrificed to catcher, Rollins to third, Victorino safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Wells. Rollins scored on throwing error by pitcher Wells. Utley singled to center, Victorino scored. Howard doubled to deep left, Utley to third. Rowand reached on infield single to first, Utley and Howard scored, Rowand out stretching at second. Burrell singled to deep left. Dobbs singled to right, Burrell to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to shallow center, Burrell scored, Dobbs to second. Rollins grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Duncan doubled to deep right center. Rolen lined out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy walked. Molina hit by pitch, Duncan to third, Kennedy to second. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Cardinals. Victorino walked. Victorino stole second, Victorino safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina. Cate pitching for Cardinals. Utley singled to center, Victorino scored. Howard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Utley out at second. Rowand singled to left. Burrell walked, Rowand to second. Dobbs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Miles flied out to right. Ludwick grounded out to third. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Cate pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz flied out to left. Kendrick singled to left. Rollins walked, Kendrick to second. Victorino singled to right center, Kendrick to third, Rollins to second. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kendrick scored, Rollins to third, Victorino to second. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Duncan struck out swinging. Rolen grounded out to third. Encarnacion reached on infield single to third. Kennedy singled to right, Encarnacion to second. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Cavazos pitching for Cardinals. Burrell walked. Dobbs singled to right, Burrell to third. Ruiz hit by pitch, Dobbs to second. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to center, Burrell scored, Dobbs to third. Rollins singled to right, Dobbs scored, Ruiz to second. Schumaker hit for Cavazos. Victorino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rollins out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Schumaker doubled to deep left. Miles grounded out to second, Schumaker to third. Ludwick grounded out to third, Schumaker scored. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Schumaker in center field. Pujols struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Percival pitching for Cardinals. Utley singled to deep right. Utley to second on wild pitch by Percival. Howard singled to center, Utley thrown out at home, Utley to third advancing on play. Rowand flied out to right. Burrell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Duncan singled to right. Rolen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Duncan out at second. Spiezio in right field. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Dobbs singled to left. Ruiz struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out looking. Rollins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Kennedy safe at second on error by left fielder Burrell. Molina lined out to shortstop. Schumaker singled to center, Kennedy to third. Bennett catching. Miles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schumaker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Victorino flied out to right. Utley homered to left. Howard singled to right center. Rowand doubled to deep left, Howard to third. Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center, Howard scored. Dobbs singled to left, Rowand to third. Nunez at second base. Romero pitching for Phillies. Bourn in left field. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Spiezio grounded out to shortstop. Pujols homered to center. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Duncan walked. Rolen flied out to center. Thompson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duncan out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Bourn safe at first on error by shortstop Miles. Rollins homered to right, Bourn scored. Victorino singled to center. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Nunez singled to shallow left, Victorino to second. Howard walked, Victorino to third, Nunez to second. Helms hit for Mesa. Rowand struck out swinging. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Helms grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Howard out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Kennedy hit by pitch. Bennett fouled out to right. Schumaker walked, Kennedy to second. Miles walked, Kennedy to third, Schumaker to second. Spiezio walked, Kennedy scored, Schumaker to third, Miles to second. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Spiezio out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Phillies 13.	Phillies score early, often in rout of Cardinals