Phillies - Top 1st. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Rollins doubled to deep left. Utley grounded out to shortstop, Rollins to third. Burrell grounded out to second, Rollins scored. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ramirez flied out to center. Uggla walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Rowand hit by pitch. Dobbs popped out to second. Werth singled to center, Rowand to third. Ruiz singled to right, Rowand scored, Werth to third. Kendrick hit by pitch, Ruiz to second. Rollins singled to right, Werth scored, Ruiz to third, Kendrick to second. Utley hit by pitch, Ruiz scored, Kendrick to third, Rollins to second. Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center, Kendrick scored. Howard flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Jacobs grounded out to shortstop. Willingham singled to center. Hermida singled to deep left, Willingham to third. Olivo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hermida out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Ross in left field. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Rowand doubled to deep right center. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop, Rowand to third. Werth singled to center, Rowand scored. Ruiz flied out to right. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Amezaga singled to center. Mitre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Amezaga out at second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mitre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Rollins singled to right. Rollins caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Utley walked. Barone pitching for Marlins. Burrell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Uggla doubled to left center. Cabrera doubled to left, Uggla scored. Jacobs grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Ross struck out swinging. Hermida popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Howard struck out swinging. Rowand struck out looking. Dobbs grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Olivo struck out looking. Amezaga popped out to third. Barone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Werth singled to right center. Ruiz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Werth out at second. Kendrick fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Uggla flied out to center. Ramirez stole third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Jacobs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Barone pitching for Marlins. Rollins walked. Utley singled to right, Rollins to third. Burrell lined out to third. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Howard struck out looking, Utley stole second. Rollins scored, Utley to third on throwing error by catcher Olivo. Rowand intentionally walked. Victorino hit for Dobbs. Victorino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Victorino in right field. Werth in left field. Nunez at third base. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Ross flied out to center. Hermida grounded out to shortstop. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Werth lined out to left. Ruiz walked. Helms hit for Kendrick. Helms walked, Ruiz to second. Rollins lined out to second. Ruiz to third, Helms to second on wild pitch by Miller. Utley singled to center, Ruiz and Helms scored. Nunez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Davis pitching for Phillies. Amezaga singled to right. Linden hit for Miller. Linden grounded into fielder's choice to second, Amezaga out at second. Ramirez popped out to second. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Howard grounded out to first. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Davis pitching for Phillies. Cabrera grounded out to second. Jacobs safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez. Ross singled to left, Jacobs to second. Hermida flied out to left. Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop, Jacobs to third, Ross to second. Amezaga flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 9 - Marlins 2.	Kendrick pitches streaking Phillies past Marlins