Reds - Top 1st. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Taveras lined out to first. Dickerson bunt popped out to pitcher. Votto walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Owings pitching for Reds. Morgan singled to right. Sanchez singled to right, Morgan to second. McLouth singled to right center, Morgan scored, Sanchez to third. McLouth stole second. Ad LaRoche walked. Moss fouled out to third. An LaRoche hit by pitch, Sanchez scored, McLouth to third, Ad LaRoche to second. Vazquez singled to right, McLouth and Ad LaRoche scored, An LaRoche to third. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Bruce grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to third. Rosales singled to right. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Rosales to second. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rosales out at third, Gonzalez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Owings pitching for Reds. Ohlendorf grounded out to second. Morgan flied out to center. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Taveras grounded out to third. Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop. Votto walked, Dickerson to second. Phillips lined out to left. Bruce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Owings pitching for Reds. McLouth singled to center. Ad LaRoche singled to center, Ad LaRoche out at second, McLouth to third. Moss singled to right, McLouth scored. An LaRoche flied out to right. Vazquez walked, Moss to second. Diaz flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Hernandez singled to right. Rosales singled to center, Hernandez to third. Gonzalez homered to left, Hernandez and Rosales scored. Owings flied out to right. Taveras flied out to center. Dickerson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Owings pitching for Reds. Ohlendorf popped out to second. Morgan grounded out to first. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Votto doubled to deep center. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Bruce grounded out to pitcher, Votto to third. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Owings pitching for Reds. McLouth flied out to right. Ad LaRoche fouled out to third. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates. Rosales struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Owings grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Owings pitching for Reds. An LaRoche flied out to right. Vazquez grounded out to second. Diaz singled to center. Young hit for Ohlendorf. Young doubled to right, Diaz to third. Herrera pitching for Reds. Morgan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Pirates. Taveras singled to center. McDonald hit for Dickerson. McDonald flied out to left. Votto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taveras out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. McDonald in left field. Herrera pitching for Reds. Sanchez singled to center. McLouth reached on bunt single to pitcher, Sanchez to second. Ad LaRoche singled to right, Sanchez to third, McLouth to second. Moss grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sanchez out at home, McLouth to third, Ad LaRoche to second. Weathers pitching for Reds. An LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to third, McLouth and Ad LaRoche scored on error by second baseman Phillips, Moss safe at second on error by second baseman Phillips. Vazquez flied out to right, Moss to third. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, An LaRoche out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Phillips safe at first on error by second baseman Sanchez. Bruce singled to right, Phillips to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips scored, Bruce out at second. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third, Rosales to second. Hairston Jr. hit for Weathers. Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Burton pitching for Reds. Hinske hit for Grabow. Hinske reached on infield single to first. Morgan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hinske out at second. Morgan to third on wild pitch by Burton. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to left, Morgan scored. Rhodes pitching for Reds. McLouth flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Taveras reached on infield single to shortstop. Nix hit for McDonald. Nix singled to right, Taveras to third. Votto singled to right, Taveras scored, Nix to third. Phillips singled to left, Nix scored, Votto to second. Bruce flied out to left. Hernandez struck out looking. Rosales reached on infield single to shortstop, Votto to third, Phillips to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Pirates 8.	Pirates' near-stagnant bats wake up vs. Reds