Pirates - Top 1st. Lehr pitching for Reds. McCutchen walked. McCutchen picked off first. Young flied out to left. Jones singled to right. Doumit singled to center, Jones to second. Pearce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Morton pitching for Pirates. Stubbs grounded out to third. Janish walked. Phillips doubled to deep right center, Janish to third. Barker singled to left, Janish scored, Phillips to third. Rolen walked, Barker to second. Gomes singled to right, Phillips scored, Barker to third, Rolen to second. Balentien struck out swinging. Tatum singled to center, Barker and Rolen scored, Gomes to third. Lehr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tatum out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Lehr pitching for Reds. Milledge popped out to second. LaRoche flied out to center. Cedeno flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Stubbs flied out to right. Janish popped out to first. Phillips walked. Barker singled to right, Barker out at first, Phillips to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Lehr pitching for Reds. Morton struck out swinging. McCutchen walked. Young struck out swinging. Jones homered to left, McCutchen scored. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Morton pitching for Pirates. Rolen popped out to shortstop. Gomes singled to center. Balentien singled to left, Gomes to third. Tatum grounded out to shortstop, Gomes scored, Balentien to second. Lehr grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Milledge singled to center. LaRoche walked, Milledge to second. Cedeno singled to center, Milledge to third, LaRoche to second. Morton singled to left, Milledge scored, LaRoche to third, Cedeno to second. McCutchen walked, LaRoche scored, Cedeno to third, Morton to second. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Stubbs popped out to second. Janish hit by pitch. Phillips grounded into double play, third to second to first, Janish out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Jones grounded out to first. Doumit grounded out to second. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Morton pitching for Pirates. Barker flied out to center. Rolen singled to deep left center. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rolen out at second. Gomes stole second. Balentien walked. Tatum singled to center, Gomes scored, Balentien tagged out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Lehr pitching for Reds. Milledge flied out to right. LaRoche grounded out to second. Cedeno walked. Walker hit for Morton. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Bootcheck pitching for Pirates. Sutton hit for Lehr. Sutton walked. Stubbs reached on bunt single to pitcher, Sutton to second, Sutton to third on error by pitcher Bootcheck. Janish doubled to deep left, Sutton and Stubbs scored. Phillips grounded out to shortstop, Janish to third. Barker hit sacrifice fly to center, Janish scored. Rolen flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Owings pitching for Reds. McCutchen struck out swinging. Young singled to right. Jones walked, Young to second. Doumit flied out to right. Pearce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Gomes doubled to deep center. Balentien homered to center, Gomes scored. Tatum struck out swinging. Owings struck out looking. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Owings pitching for Reds. Milledge singled to left. LaRoche grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Milledge out at second. Cedeno grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Janish grounded out to third. Phillips singled to center. Barker grounded out to second, Phillips to second. Rosales hit for Rolen. Rosales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Cruz hit for Capps. Rosales at third base. Owings pitching for Reds. Cruz singled to right. McCutchen walked, Cruz to second. Young singled to right, Cruz to third, McCutchen to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cruz scored, Young out at second, McCutchen to third. Doumit lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Reds 11.	Tatum leads Reds' offense in rout of Pirates