Royals - Top 1st. May pitching for Twins. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas struck out swinging. Cain lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Santana lined out to right. Dozier doubled to deep left. Mauer flied out to left. Hunter walked. Vargas singled to center, Dozier scored, Hunter to second. Plouffe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. May pitching for Twins. Hosmer grounded out to first. Morales homered to right center (431 feet). Gordon grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Arcia flied out to left. Suzuki struck out swinging. Robinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. May pitching for Twins. Pérez singled to center. Infante struck out swinging. Escobar singled to shallow center, Pérez to second. Moustakas reached on infield single to second, Pérez to third, Escobar to second. Cain hit sacrifice fly to center, Pérez scored, Escobar to third. Hosmer popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Santana grounded out to shortstop. Dozier lined out to right. Mauer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. May pitching for Twins. Morales singled to left. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales out at second. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Hunter flied out to left. Vargas singled to right. Plouffe struck out swinging. Arcia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vargas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. May pitching for Twins. Pérez grounded out to third. Infante struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Suzuki popped out to third. Robinson flied out to center. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. May pitching for Twins. Moustakas singled to right center. Cain doubled to deep right, Moustakas to third, Moustakas scored, Cain to third on throwing error by right fielder Hunter. Hosmer doubled to deep center, Cain scored. Morales lined out to left. Gordon intentionally walked. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Rios flied out to center. Pérez singled to center, Hosmer scored, Gordon to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Dozier doubled to deep left center. Mauer singled to right, Dozier to third. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right, Dozier scored. Vargas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mauer out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas grounded out to shortstop. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Plouffe homered to left (385 feet). Arcia grounded out to second. Madson pitching for Royals. Suzuki struck out swinging. Robinson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Hosmer singled to left. Morales walked, Hosmer to second. Duensing pitching for Twins. Gordon hit by pitch, Hosmer to third, Morales to second. Graham pitching for Twins. Rios hit by pitch, Hosmer scored, Morales to third, Gordon to second. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales scored on error by shortstop Santana, Gordon to third, Rios to second. Infante struck out swinging. Escobar singled to right, Gordon and Rios scored, Pérez to second. Pérez to third, Escobar to second on passed ball by Suzuki. Moustakas walked. Cain walked, Pérez scored, Escobar to third, Moustakas to second. Thompson pitching for Twins. Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to center, Escobar scored. Morales grounded out to pitcher. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Dyson in right field. Madson pitching for Royals. Santana singled to right. Dozier struck out swinging. Mauer grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Dyson singled to center. Pérez lined out to left. Infante doubled to center, Dyson scored. Escobar lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Morales pitching for Royals. Hunter grounded out to third. Vargas struck out looking. Plouffe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Twins 3.	Royals remain unbeaten with 12-3 romp over Twins