Royals - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to third. Moustakas singled to left. Cain flied out to center. Hosmer singled to right center, Moustakas to second. Morales grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Kipnis grounded out to first. Ramírez struck out looking. Brantley doubled to deep right center. Santana grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Gordon homered to right (442 feet). Pérez flied out to right. Infante grounded out to third. Dyson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Moss reached on infield single to shortstop. Murphy flied out to left. Chisenhall singled to left center, Moss to second. Hayes lined out to second. Moss to third, Chisenhall to second on wild pitch by Guthrie. Bourn singled to right, Moss and Chisenhall scored. Bourn stole second. Kipnis walked. Ramírez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Escobar walked. Moustakas grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. Cain flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Brantley lined out to shortstop. Santana walked. Santana caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Hosmer flied out to center. Morales singled to center. Morales to second on balk by Bauer. Gordon walked. Pérez popped out to second. Infante singled to center, Morales scored, Gordon to second, Gordon thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Murphy grounded out to first. Chisenhall flied out to right. Hayes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Dyson fouled out to third. Escobar lined out to right. Moustakas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Bourn grounded out to first. Kipnis grounded out to first. Ramírez singled to right. Ramírez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Brantley batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Cain struck out looking. Hosmer grounded out to third. Morales doubled to deep right. Gordon singled to right, Morales scored. Gordon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pérez batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Brantley singled to right. Santana walked, Brantley to second. Finnegan pitching for Royals. Brantley to third, Santana to second on passed ball by Pérez. Moss homered to right center (402 feet), Brantley and Santana scored. Raburn hit for Murphy. Raburn grounded out to third. Chisenhall singled to shallow left center. Hayes popped out to third. Bourn walked, Chisenhall to second. Kipnis hit by pitch, Chisenhall to third, Bourn to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Pérez singled to right. Infante doubled to deep left, Pérez to third. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar doubled to deep right, Pérez and Infante scored. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Moustakas reached on infield single to first, Escobar scored, Moustakas to second on error by catcher Hayes. Cain intentionally walked. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cain out at second, Moustakas to third. Shaw pitching for Indians. Morales homered to center (416 feet), Moustakas and Hosmer scored. Gordon fouled out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Young pitching for Royals. Brantley grounded out to second. Santana singled to right. Moss fouled out to catcher. Raburn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Swarzak pitching for Indians. Pérez singled to left. Infante grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pérez out at second. Dyson singled to left. Escobar singled to center, Dyson to second. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Royals. Chisenhall lined out to pitcher. Hayes struck out swinging. Bourn flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Swarzak pitching for Indians. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer doubled to deep left. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hosmer out at third. Gordon walked, Morales to second. Pérez singled to deep left, Morales scored, Gordon to third. Infante singled to center, Gordon scored, Pérez to third. Dyson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Infante out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Pino pitching for Royals. Kipnis struck out looking. Ramírez flied out to right. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 11 - Indians 5.	Royals score 6 in 7th to overtake Indians 11-5