Royals - Top 1st. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Escobar singled to left. Moustakas flied out to center. Hosmer singled to center, Escobar to third. Morales walked, Hosmer to second. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Escobar scored, Morales out at second, Hosmer to third. Infante flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Choo singled to right. Andrus sacrificed to third, Choo to second. Fielder hit by pitch. Beltré popped out to second. Moreland grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Orlando lined out to center. Butera singled to right. Dyson struck out looking. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Peguero popped out to shortstop. Field grounded out to pitcher. Corporán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Moustakas grounded out to second. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Morales doubled to deep right. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. DeShields flied out to right. Choo singled to center. Andrus lined into double play, second to first, Choo doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Infante singled to right. Orlando reached on bunt single to first, Infante to second. Butera sacrificed to pitcher, Infante to third, Orlando to second. Dyson hit by pitch. Escobar singled to right, Infante and Orlando scored, Dyson to third. Escobar caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Moustakas flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Fielder hit by pitch. Beltré lined out to second. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. Moreland to second on wild pitch by Guthrie. Peguero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Hosmer grounded out to second. Morales singled to center. Gordon popped out to third. Infante doubled to deep left, Morales to third. Orlando struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Field reached on infield single to shortstop. Corporán singled to center, Field to third. DeShields singled to right center, Field scored, Corporán to second. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeShields out at second, Corporán to third. Andrus lined out to second. Fielder singled to center, Corporán scored, Choo to third. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Bass pitching for Rangers. Butera doubled to left. Dyson sacrificed to pitcher, Butera to third. Escobar singled to right, Butera scored. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Escobar to second on passed ball by Corporán. Moustakas struck out swinging. Hosmer homered to left center (427 feet), Escobar scored. Morales grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Madson pitching for Royals. Moreland grounded out to second. Peguero struck out swinging. Field grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Gordon grounded out to first. Infante flied out to center. Orlando grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Corporán struck out swinging. DeShields walked. Choo singled to center, DeShields to third. Herrera pitching for Royals. Andrus hit sacrifice fly to left, DeShields scored. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Fujikawa pitching for Rangers. Butera popped out to first. Dyson lined out to center. Escobar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Beltré popped out to second. Moreland grounded out to second. Peguero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Moustakas singled to right center. Hosmer singled to left, Moustakas to second. Morales struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to center, Moustakas to third. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Field grounded out to pitcher. Corporán grounded out to first. DeShields walked. DeShields to second on fielder's indifference. Choo walked. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Rangers 3.	Escobar, Royals earn split with 6-3 win at Rangers