Rays - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jaso walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Longoria flied out to right. Loney walked, Jaso to second. Forsythe walked, Jaso to third, Loney to second. DeJesus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Archer pitching for Rays. Escobar reached on infield single to third. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Escobar out at second. Cain flied out to center. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Guyer bunt popped out to pitcher. Kiermaier flied out to center. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Archer pitching for Rays. Morales flied out to left. Pérez flied out to right. Infante struck out swinging, Infante safe at first on wild pitch by Archer. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Jaso singled to right. Cabrera popped out to third. Jaso to second on passed ball by Pérez. Longoria struck out looking. Loney singled to right, Jaso scored, Loney thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Archer pitching for Rays. Cuthbert lined out to right. Escobar singled to left. Escobar caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gordon walked. Cain homered to center (423 feet), Gordon scored. Hosmer flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Forsythe inside-the-park home run to deep left center (380 feet). Dyson in left field. DeJesus walked. Guyer singled to left center, DeJesus to second. Kiermaier singled to center, DeJesus to third, Guyer to second. Rivera singled to center, DeJesus scored, Guyer to third, Kiermaier to second. Jaso flied out to left, Guyer out at home. Cabrera fouled out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Archer pitching for Rays. Morales singled to left. Pérez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Morales out at second. Infante struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Longoria grounded out to shortstop. Loney popped out to shortstop. Forsythe flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Archer pitching for Rays. Rios flied out to right. Cuthbert walked. Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher, Cuthbert to second. Dyson struck out swinging. Cain reached on infield single to second, Cuthbert scored, Escobar to second, Escobar to third advancing on throw. Hosmer singled to center, Escobar scored, Cain to second. Morales doubled to deep center, Cain and Hosmer scored. Pérez singled to right, Morales scored. Infante struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. DeJesus flied out to right. Guyer grounded out to third. Kiermaier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Archer pitching for Rays. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop. Escobar singled to center. Dyson inside-the-park home run to left (279 feet), Escobar scored. Cain safe at second on error by right fielder Guyer. Hosmer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Rivera singled to left. Jaso singled to right center, Rivera to second. Morales pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jaso out at second, Rivera to third. Longoria singled to center, Rivera scored. Loney grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bellatti pitching for Rays. Morales flied out to center. Pérez struck out looking. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Morales pitching for Royals. Forsythe grounded out to third. Butler hit for DeJesus. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Butler in left field. Bellatti pitching for Rays. Rios flied out to left. Cuthbert reached on infield single to second, Cuthbert to second on throwing error by second baseman Forsythe. Escobar grounded out to second, Cuthbert to third. Dyson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 9th. Blanton pitching for Royals. Kiermaier struck out looking. Rivera homered to right (422 feet). Jaso singled to right. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Jaso to third. Holland pitching for Royals. Longoria singled to right, Jaso and Cabrera scored. Loney singled to right, Longoria to second. Elmore ran for Loney. Forsythe flied out to right. Sizemore hit for Butler. Longoria to third, Elmore to second on wild pitch by Holland. Sizemore struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 7 - Royals 9.	Royals lose Gordon to injury, rally past Rays 9-7