White Sox - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Eaton flied out to center. Saladino grounded out to third. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Escobar grounded out to third. Moustakas popped out to first. Cain flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. García lined out to left. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Hosmer lined out to second. Morales grounded out to first. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Ramírez doubled to left. Sánchez sacrificed to pitcher, Ramírez to third. Soto struck out swinging. Eaton walked. Saladino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Infante struck out swinging. Dyson bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Abreu homered to center (422 feet). Cabrera doubled to deep left. García singled to center, Cabrera to third. LaRoche grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Cabrera scored, García out at second. Ramírez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to center. Moustakas walked, Escobar to second. Cain walked, Escobar to third, Moustakas to second. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Escobar scored, Cain out at second, Moustakas to third. Morales grounded out to third, Moustakas scored, Hosmer to third. Pérez singled to right, Hosmer scored. Rios singled to deep center, Pérez to second. Infante popped out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Sánchez grounded out to first. Soto singled to left. Eaton flied out to right. Saladino singled to left center, Soto to second. Soto caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second. Abreu batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Samardzija pitching for White Sox. Dyson tripled to deep right center. Escobar hit by pitch. Moustakas hit sacrifice fly to right, Dyson scored, Escobar to second. Escobar to third on wild pitch by Samardzija. Cain singled to right, Escobar scored. Hosmer grounded out to second, Cain to second. Cain stole third. Morales doubled to deep center, Cain scored. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Pérez doubled to deep right, Morales scored. Rios grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Royals. Abreu homered to left center (408 feet). Cabrera popped out to third. García singled to left center. LaRoche flied out to right. Ramírez singled to right, García to second. Sánchez singled to center, García scored, Ramírez to second. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Soto walked, Ramírez to third, Sánchez to second. Eaton singled to deep right, Ramírez and Sánchez scored, Soto to second. Saladino grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Dyson grounded out to pitcher. Escobar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Madson pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Moustakas grounded out to second. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. LaRoche lined out to right. Ramírez popped out to shortstop. Sánchez walked. Soto fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Jennings pitching for White Sox. Morales singled to center. Petricka pitching for White Sox. Pérez popped out to second. Rios flied out to right. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Eaton struck out swinging. Saladino struck out swinging. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Royals 7.	Morales, Perez each drive in 2, KC beats White Sox 7-6