Royals - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Zobrist flied out to left. Moustakas doubled to right. Morales struck out looking. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Ventura pitching for Royals. Kipnis singled to center. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kipnis safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar. Santana popped out to third. Chisenhall grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Pérez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Urshela. Rios singled to left, Pérez to second. Infante homered to left (381 feet), Pérez and Rios scored. Escobar singled to left. Dyson sacrificed to pitcher, Escobar to second. Zobrist grounded out to first, Escobar to third. Moustakas lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Almonte grounded out to catcher. Gomes lined out to right. Ramírez singled to right. Urshela reached on infield single to third, Ramírez to second. Kipnis singled to left, Ramírez scored, Urshela to third, Urshela scored, Kipnis to second on throwing error by left fielder Zobrist. Lindor grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Morales struck out swinging. Hosmer struck out swinging. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Brantley safe at first on error by second baseman Infante. Santana grounded out to pitcher, Brantley to second. Chisenhall walked. Almonte grounded out to pitcher, Brantley to third, Chisenhall to second. Gomes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Rios doubled to left. Infante sacrificed to pitcher, Rios to third. Escobar popped out to second. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Ramírez singled to center. Urshela struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor singled to center, Ramírez to second. Brantley popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Crockett pitching for Indians. Zobrist struck out swinging. Moustakas walked. Morales singled to left, Moustakas to second. Hosmer doubled to deep left, Moustakas scored, Morales to third. Manship pitching for Indians. Pérez lined out to shortstop. Rios walked. Infante doubled to left, Morales and Hosmer scored, Rios to third. Escobar grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Santana doubled to deep right center. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Almonte singled to right, Santana to third. Gomes hit by pitch, Almonte to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana scored, Gomes out at second, Almonte to third. Urshela walked, Ramírez to second. Kipnis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Floyd pitching for Indians. Dyson popped out to third. Zobrist struck out swinging. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Madson pitching for Royals. Lindor flied out to left. Brantley lined out to second. Santana reached on infield single to third. Chisenhall popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Floyd pitching for Indians. Morales struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded out to second. Pérez singled to deep right center. Rios doubled to deep left, Pérez to third. Infante singled to left center, Pérez and Rios scored. Escobar singled to left center, Infante to second. Adams pitching for Indians. Dyson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Almonte grounded out to first. Gomes struck out looking. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Indians. Zobrist flied out to right. Soto pitching for Indians. Moustakas popped out to second. Morales singled to center. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Orlando in left field. Davis pitching for Royals. Urshela struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out looking. Lindor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Martínez in left field. Armstrong pitching for Indians. Pérez lined out to third. Rios struck out swinging. Infante lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Butera catching. Morales pitching for Royals. Martínez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Moustakas. Santana reached on infield single to third. Sands hit for Chisenhall. Sands singled to right, Martínez to third, Santana to second. Holland pitching for Royals. Almonte hit sacrifice fly to right, Martínez scored, Santana to third. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sands out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 8 - Indians 4.	Infante drives in 7 runs as Royals down Indians 8-4