White Sox - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Swisher struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thome doubled to deep right center . Konerko flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Thomas singled to center . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thomas safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Uribe . Guillen walked , Thomas to third , Polanco to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Thomas scored , Guillen out at second , Polanco to third . Cabrera walked . Renteria struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Dye grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski doubled to right . Quentin homered to left , Pierzynski scored . Crede struck out swinging . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Jones struck out swinging . Inge grounded out to shortstop , Rodriguez to third . Thomas singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Thomas stole second . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Swisher flied out to center . Cabrera lined out to third . Thome hit by pitch . Konerko walked , Thome to second . Dye doubled to deep left center , Thome scored , Konerko to third . Pierzynski doubled to deep left , Konerko and Dye scored . Quentin struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Guillen walked . Ordonez flied out to center . Cabrera walked , Guillen to second . Renteria grounded out to third , Guillen to third , Cabrera to second . Rodriguez doubled to right , Guillen and Cabrera scored . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Contreras . Jones singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crede lined out to shortstop . Uribe flied out to left . Swisher walked . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Thomas singled to right . Polanco singled to left , Thomas to second . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco out at second , Thomas to third . Ordonez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Thome struck out swinging . Konerko singled to left . Dye doubled to deep left , Konerko to third . Pierzynski popped out to third . Quentin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . Rodriguez singled to right , Renteria to second . Renteria to third , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Contreras . Jones grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Miner pitching for Tigers . Crede singled to left . Uribe sacrificed to pitcher , Crede to second . Swisher walked . Cabrera flied out to right . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Inge singled to center . Logan pitching for White Sox . Thomas sacrificed to third , Inge to second . Polanco flied out to center . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Tigers . Konerko doubled to deep center . Dye singled to right , Konerko to third . Pierzynski homered to right , Konerko and Dye scored . Quentin singled to center . Crede singled to center , Quentin to second . Quentin to third , Crede to second on wild pitch by Grilli . Uribe grounded into double play , third to first to catcher , Quentin out at home . Swisher intentionally walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Ordonez singled to right . Cabrera flied out to center . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Bautista pitching for Tigers . Thome flied out to center . Konerko walked . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Jones flied out to center . Inge struck out swinging . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski flied out to center . Quentin popped out to shortstop . Crede fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Polanco grounded out to second . Guillen walked . Ordonez lined out to center . Guillen to second on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera walked . Raburn ran for Cabrera . Renteria lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Tigers 5 .	x