White Sox - Top 1st . Niemann pitching for Rays . Swisher reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third , Swisher to second . Thome walked . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thome out at second , Swisher to third . Dye fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Iwamura reached on infield single to third . Crawford flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . Hinske flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Quentin struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Longoria doubled to deep right . Gomes grounded out to second , Longoria to third . DiFelice hit by pitch . Haynes grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , DiFelice to second . Bartlett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Haynes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Niemann pitching for Rays . Uribe safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett . Swisher walked , Uribe to second . Cabrera popped out to second . Thome homered to right , Uribe and Swisher scored . Konerko homered to left . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Iwamura flied out to center . Crawford flied out to center . Upton singled to left center . Hinske struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Niemann pitching for Rays . Quentin safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Longoria . Ozuna sacrificed to third , Quentin to third . Uribe doubled to left , Quentin scored . Swisher walked . Cabrera singled to center , Uribe scored , Swisher to second . Thome walked , Swisher to third , Cabrera to second . Konerko hit by pitch , Swisher scored , Cabrera to third , Thome to second . Birkins pitching for Rays . Dye hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . Pierzynski flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Longoria flied out to right . Gomes flied out to left . DiFelice fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Birkins pitching for Rays . Quentin walked . Ozuna singled to right , Quentin to third . Uribe reached on infield single to third , Quentin scored , Ozuna to second . Swisher walked , Ozuna to third , Uribe to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Thome grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Ozuna out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Anderson in center field . Ramirez at shortstop . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Haynes lined out to right . Bartlett struck out swinging . Iwamura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Birkins pitching for Rays . Konerko grounded out to third . Dye flied out to right . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Crawford singled to right . Upton singled to shallow right , Crawford to second . Hinske lined out to right , Crawford to third . Longoria grounded out to third , Crawford scored , Upton to second . Gomes doubled to deep left , Upton scored . DiFelice grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Johnson in center field . Ruggiano in right field . Haynes in left field . Dohmann pitching for Rays . Quentin doubled to deep right center . Ozuna lined out to first . Uribe flied out to center , Quentin to third . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Vazquez pitching for White Sox . Haynes walked . Bartlett struck out looking . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Iwamura struck out swinging . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Haynes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Dohmann pitching for Rays . Ramirez singled to center . Thome flied out to left . Konerko struck out looking . Dye walked , Ramirez to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Ruggiano flied out to center . Hinske fouled out to third . Longoria walked . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Dohmann pitching for Rays . Quentin grounded out to third . Ozuna singled to center . Uribe struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Masset pitching for White Sox . DiFelice walked . Haynes singled to left center , DiFelice to second . Bartlett grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Haynes out at second , DiFelice to third . Iwamura grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Rays 2 .	Homer - happy ChiSox sparked by Thome 's 511th