White Sox - Top 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Swisher flied out to left . Cabrera reached on bunt single to third . Thome grounded out to second , Cabrera to second . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Iwamura popped out to shortstop . Crawford singled to left . Crawford caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Crede grounded out to first . Quentin flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pena walked . Longoria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pena out at second . Gomes hit by pitch . Gomes stole second . Hinske singled to left center , Gomes scored . Riggans singled to left , Hinske to second . Bartlett singled to right , Hinske scored , Riggans to second . Iwamura singled to center , Riggans scored , Bartlett to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Uribe flied out to center . Hall struck out swinging . Swisher flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Upton singled to right . Pena struck out swinging . Longoria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Cabrera struck out looking . Thome grounded out to second . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gomes tripled to deep center . Hinske struck out swinging . Riggans hit sacrifice fly to center , Gomes scored . Bartlett struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Crede singled to deep left center . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crede out at second . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Quentin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Iwamura grounded out to second . Crawford grounded out to second . Upton singled to center . Pena singled to right , Upton to second . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pena out at second , Upton to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Uribe popped out to first . Hall singled to center . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Gomes fouled out to catcher . Hinske walked . Riggans grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hinske out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Bartlett flied out to center . Iwamura flied out to right . Crawford singled to center . Upton doubled to deep left , Crawford scored . Pena reached on infield single to shortstop , Upton to third , Upton tagged out at home attempting to advance on runner 's fielder 's choice . Pena batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Haynes in right field . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Crede grounded out to third . Quentin walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Quentin out at second . Uribe lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Longoria lined out to shortstop . Haynes grounded out to shortstop . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Hall fouled out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Rays 5 .	Sonnanstine tosses three - hit shutout vs. ChiSox