Twins - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Gomez lined out to second . Harris walked . Mauer walked , Harris to second . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mauer out at second , Harris to third . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Cabrera walked . Quentin singled to left , Cabrera to second . Thome lined out to center , Cabrera to third . Konerko flied out to center . Dye singled to center , Cabrera scored , Quentin to third , Quentin scored , Dye to second on throwing error by center fielder Gomez . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to right . Lamb fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Swisher grounded out to second . Crede singled to shallow right . Crede caught stealing second , catcher to second . Uribe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out bunting foul . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Cabrera bunt grounded out to third . Quentin flied out to center . Thome walked . Konerko popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Mauer walked . Morneau safe at first on error by left fielder Quentin , Mauer to second . Cuddyer flied out to right , Mauer to third . Kubel hit sacrifice fly to center , Mauer scored . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morneau out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Dye walked . Pierzynski singled to left , Dye to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pierzynski out at second , Dye to third . Crede flied out to left . Uribe singled to left center , Dye scored , Swisher to third . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Lamb grounded out to first . Everett flied out to left . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Quentin fouled out to left . Thome flied out to center . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Harris popped out to second . Mauer flied out to center . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Dye homered to right . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Swisher flied out to center . Crede grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer popped out to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Crain pitching for Twins . Uribe singled to center . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Uribe to second , Uribe to third , Cabrera to second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb . Quentin singled to center , Uribe and Cabrera scored . Thome fouled out to first . Quentin caught stealing second , catcher to second . Konerko walked . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 8th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Lamb flied out to center . Everett flied out to center . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Korecky pitching for Twins . Pierzynski doubled to deep right . Swisher grounded out to second , Pierzynski to third . Crede doubled to deep center , Pierzynski scored . Uribe struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Harris struck out looking . Mauer doubled to deep left center . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Morneau grounded out to second , Mauer to third . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 1 - White Sox 7 .	Floyd loses no - hitter in ninth as White Sox win