White Sox - Top 1st . Laffey pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to third . Ozuna doubled to center . Quentin flied out to right , Ozuna to third . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore grounded out to catcher . Carroll doubled to deep left . Carroll to third on wild pitch by Buehrle . Francisco hit sacrifice fly to left , Carroll scored . Martinez walked . Peralta singled to left , Martinez to second . Garko walked , Martinez to third , Peralta to second . Gutierrez homered to left , Martinez , Peralta and Garko scored . Marte fouled out to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Konerko singled to left . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cabrera flied out to center . Sizemore grounded out to pitcher . Carroll flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Laffey pitching for Indians . Anderson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Hall doubled to deep center , Anderson scored . Cabrera singled to right , Hall scored . Ozuna reached on bunt single to second , Cabrera to second . Quentin popped out to second . Dye grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ozuna out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Francisco batting . Martinez batting . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Konerko flied out to right . Swisher flied out to center . Ramirez singled to left . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Garko fouled out to catcher . Gutierrez struck out looking . Marte doubled to deep center . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Hall walked . Cabrera walked , Hall to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hall out at third , Cabrera to second . Quentin popped out to second . Dye safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Cabrera to third , Ozuna to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ozuna out at third , Dye to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Sizemore reached on infield single to shortstop . Carroll grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . Francisco singled to left . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Swisher singled to left . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher out at second . Ramirez stole second . Anderson flied into double play , left to second , Ramirez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Peralta doubled to deep left . Garko hit ground rule double to deep right center , Peralta scored . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez hit by pitch . Marte sacrificed to pitcher , Garko to third , Gutierrez to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Sizemore intentionally walked . Carroll safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko , Garko scored , Gutierrez to third , Sizemore to second . Dellucci ran for Gutierrez . Dellucci stole home . Sizemore stole third . Carroll stole second . Francisco walked . Martinez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Francisco in right field . Dellucci in left field . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Hall flied out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wise in left field . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Peralta flied out to left . Garko grounded out to shortstop . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Wise flied out to center . Dye singled to right . Konerko lined out to second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Marte flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore flied out to center . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Ramirez flied out to center . Anderson fouled out to first . Hall singled to deep left . Cabrera doubled to right , Hall to third . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 2 - Indians 8 .	Gutierrez 's grand slam helps Tribe trounce ChiSox