White Sox - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski flied out to left . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Sizemore reached on bunt single to third . Carroll singled to shallow right , Sizemore to second . Sizemore stole third . Francisco safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Floyd , Sizemore scored , Carroll to third . Martinez reached on infield single to second , Carroll scored , Francisco to third . Dellucci struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to third . Aubrey struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Dye singled to center . Thome grounded into double play , second to third to first , Dye out at second . Konerko struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Blake struck out swinging . Marte singled to left . Sizemore flied out to right . Marte stole second . Carroll struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Wise grounded out to first . Crede lined out to second . Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Francisco flied out to second . Martinez grounded out to second . Dellucci flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Dye homered to left . Thome walked . Konerko singled to shallow center , Thome to second . Wise grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Peralta struck out swinging . Aubrey grounded out to first . Blake flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Crede singled to deep left . Ramirez singled to center , Crede to second . Cabrera walked , Crede to third , Ramirez to second . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher , Crede scored , Ramirez to third , Cabrera to second . Quentin hit sacrifice fly to right , Ramirez scored , Cabrera to third . Dye struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Marte struck out looking . Sizemore flied out to center . Carroll doubled to deep left . Francisco grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Indians . Thome grounded out to pitcher . Konerko grounded out to third . Wise struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Martinez doubled to deep right . Dellucci doubled to deep right , Martinez to third , Martinez scored advancing on play . Peralta homered to left , Dellucci scored . Aubrey flied out to left . Blake grounded out to second . Marte struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Crede safe at first on error by third baseman Marte . Ramirez singled to shallow left , Crede to second . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crede out at third , Ramirez to second . Pierzynski doubled to deep left , Ramirez scored , Cabrera to third . Quentin doubled to left , Cabrera and Pierzynski scored . Dye struck out looking . Thome flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Sizemore walked . Carroll sacrificed to pitcher , Sizemore to second . Francisco struck out swinging . Martinez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Konerko popped out to third . Wise struck out looking . Crede reached on infield single to third . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Dellucci flied out to right . Peralta lined out to third . Aubrey singled to right . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aubrey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kobayashi pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to third . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Garko hit for Marte . Garko safe at first on error by third baseman Crede . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Garko hit for Marte . Garko safe at first on error by third baseman Crede . Cabrera ran for Garko . Sizemore walked , Cabrera to second . Carroll sacrificed to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Sizemore to second . Francisco popped out to first . Martinez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 6 - Indians 5 .	Quentin sparks White Sox ; Jenks holds off Indians