White Sox - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to shallow center . Pierzynski sacrificed to third , Cabrera to second . Cabrera caught stealing third , catcher to third . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Granderson grounded out to first . Polanco grounded out to second . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Konerko grounded out to second . Thome homered to right . Dye flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Larish walked , Cabrera to second . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Crede popped out to second . Ramirez walked . Cabrera popped out to second . Ramirez stole second . Pierzynski singled to right , Ramirez scored , Pierzynski thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Clevlen grounded out to third . Granderson flied out to left . Polanco singled to right . Guillen fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Quentin grounded out to second . Konerko singled to center . Thome struck out swinging . Dye flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera hit ground rule double to right . Larish singled to right , Cabrera scored , Larish to second advancing on throw . Renteria lined out to third . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Swisher struck out swinging . Crede flied out to left . Ramirez singled to center . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Clevlen singled to center . Granderson singled to right , Clevlen to second . Polanco singled to center , Clevlen to third , Granderson to second , Clevlen scored on error by center fielder Swisher . Guillen sacrificed to pitcher , Granderson to third , Polanco to second . Ordonez flied out to right . Cabrera singled to center , Granderson and Polanco scored . Larish popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Quentin doubled to deep right center . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Renteria flied out to left . Rodriguez doubled to left . Clevlen singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Clevlen thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Granderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Thome singled to center . Dye flied out to left . Swisher doubled to deep left , Thome to third . Crede walked . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Thome scored , Crede out at second , Swisher to third . Cabrera flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Guillen singled to center , Polanco to third . Ordonez reached on infield single to third , Polanco scored , Guillen to second . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Guillen caught stealing third , catcher to third , Ordonez to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Cabrera struck out swinging . Larish struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Dolsi pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski doubled to deep center . Quentin singled to center , Pierzynski to third . Pierzynski scored , Quentin to second on balk by Dolsi . Konerko struck out swinging . Thome singled to left , Quentin thrown out at home . Thome to second on wild pitch by Dolsi . Dye lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Renteria struck out swinging . Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez stole second . Clevlen struck out swinging . Logan pitching for White Sox . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Guillen at first base . Inge at third base . Jones pitching for Tigers . Swisher walked . Crede grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second . Ramirez singled to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 4 - Tigers 6 .	Tigers put end to ChiSox 's seven - game win streak