Pirates - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . McLouth popped out to second . Sanchez grounded out to second . Bay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Cabrera flied out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Quentin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . LaRoche walked . Michaels popped out to shortstop . Mientkiewicz singled to right , LaRoche to second . Bautista lined out to third . Wilson singled to center , LaRoche to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaRoche scored on throwing error by third baseman Ozuna , Mientkiewicz to third , Wilson to second . McLouth doubled to deep right , Mientkiewicz , Wilson and Chavez scored . Sanchez homered to left , McLouth scored . Bay doubled to deep left . LaRoche struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Thome doubled to deep left . Dye doubled to deep right center , Thome scored . Swisher singled to left , Dye to third . Ramirez singled to left , Dye scored , Swisher to second . Anderson flied out to center , Swisher to third . Ozuna singled to left , Swisher scored , Ramirez to second . Cabrera homered to left center , Ramirez and Ozuna scored . Pierzynski lined out to right . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Michaels walked . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first , Michaels to second . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Michaels to third . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Thome struck out swinging . Dye homered to center . Swisher grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Chavez popped out to second . McLouth hit by pitch . McLouth stole second . Sanchez singled to right , McLouth scored . Bay struck out swinging . Sanchez to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . LaRoche struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna fouled out to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Michaels flied out to center . Mientkiewicz lined out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Pierzynski singled to right . Quentin singled to left , Pierzynski to third . Thome singled to right , Pierzynski scored , Quentin to second . Dye flied out to right , Quentin to third . Swisher grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thome out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Wilson lined out to first . Chavez popped out to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . McLouth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Dumatrait pitching for Pirates . Ramirez singled to left . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Ramirez to second on balk by Grabow . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna singled to center , Ramirez to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored . Ozuna caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Pierzynski batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Sanchez struck out looking . Bay struck out swinging . LaRoche singled to center . Michaels struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Pierzynski singled to center . Quentin walked , Pierzynski to second . Thome walked , Pierzynski to third , Quentin to second . Dye homered to left , Pierzynski , Quentin and Thome scored . Marte pitching for Pirates . Swisher flied out to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Anderson fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Uribe at second base . Wise in left field . Ramirez at shortstop . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Bautista struck out looking . Wilson singled to center . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Ozuna doubled to deep center . Uribe struck out swinging . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Wise grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Russell pitching for White Sox . McLouth doubled to deep right . Sanchez grounded out to second , McLouth to third . Bay reached on infield single to shortstop , McLouth scored . LaRoche lined out to right . Michaels struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 8 - White Sox 13 .	Dye 's late grand slam cements White Sox sweep