White Sox - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierzynski singled to center , Cabrera to second . Quentin singled to center , Cabrera to third , Pierzynski to second . Dye struck out swinging . Swisher hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierzynski out at third , Quentin to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Kemp struck out looking . Kent singled to center . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Wise singled to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Buehrle sacrificed to pitcher , Wise to second . Cabrera singled to left , Wise scored . Cabrera stole second . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Loney singled to right . LaRoche grounded into double play , third to second to first , Loney out at second . Young grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Quentin flied out to center . Dye struck out looking . Swisher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Berroa flied out to center . Lowe grounded out to second . Pierre lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna walked . Wise doubled to left , Ozuna to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ozuna out at home . Buehrle bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wise out at third , Ramirez to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buehrle out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Kent safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Martin singled to left , Kent to second . Loney grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Young homered to left . Berroa popped out to second . Lowe grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Ozuna grounded out to pitcher . Wise struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Pierre grounded out to second . Kemp singled to left . Kent popped into double play , second to first , Kemp doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Buehrle struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Martin flied out to right . Loney popped out to shortstop . LaRoche reached on infield single to first . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Quentin singled to center . Dye homered to right , Quentin scored . Swisher singled to right . Wade pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop , Swisher to second . Wise tripled to deep right , Swisher scored . Ramirez singled to right , Wise scored . Buehrle struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Berroa grounded out to third . Sweeney hit for Wade . Sweeney struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Quentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Kent lined out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Dodgers 1 .	Buehrle contains Dodgers as ChiSox end road skid