White Sox - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to third . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Granderson singled to center . Polanco grounded out to shortstop , Granderson to second . Guillen walked . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second , Granderson to third , Granderson scored , Ordonez to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Cabrera struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Dye lined out to center . Thome grounded out to first . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Joyce flied out to center . Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop . Sheffield caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Rodriguez singled to left . Renteria struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Swisher walked . Fields struck out looking . Ramirez doubled to left , Swisher to third . Cabrera singled to left , Swisher scored , Ramirez to third . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at home , Cabrera to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Granderson walked . Polanco singled to left , Granderson to third . Guillen popped out to second . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Floyd . Ordonez singled to left , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Cabrera doubled to left , Polanco scored , Ordonez to third . Joyce walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ordonez scored , Cabrera safe at third on error by third baseman Fields , Joyce to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sheffield out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Dye flied out to right . Thome walked . Konerko grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Renteria lined out to left . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Swisher struck out looking . Fields grounded out to third . Ramirez doubled to deep center . Cabrera walked . Pierzynski walked , Ramirez to third , Cabrera to second . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Guillen grounded out to second . Ordonez doubled to deep left center . Cabrera singled to left , Ordonez to third . Joyce struck out swinging . Ordonez caught stealing home , catcher to shortstop to catcher to third to catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Dye flied out to center . Thome walked . Konerko fouled out to catcher . Swisher flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Sheffield grounded out to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Renteria doubled to deep right . Granderson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Fields singled to center . Ramirez singled to center , Fields to second . Zumaya pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to right , Fields scored , Ramirez to third . Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramirez scored , Cabrera to second . Quentin walked . Dye fouled out to first . Cabrera to third , Quentin to second on passed ball by Rodriguez . Cabrera scored , Quentin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rodriguez . Thome intentionally walked . Konerko struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Masset pitching for White Sox . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Guillen homered to right center . Ordonez singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ordonez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Swisher grounded out to second . Fields walked . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fields out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Joyce struck out looking . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Sheffield struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Tigers . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Pierzynski flied out to center . Quentin singled to right . Dye homered to right , Quentin scored . Thome grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Anderson in center field . Swisher at first base . Uribe at third base . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Renteria fouled out to first . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Tigers 5 .	Dye 's ninth - inning homer lifts ChiSox past Tigers