Red Sox - Top 1st . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Drew struck out looking . Pedroia popped out to first . Ortiz singled to center . Youkilis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera walked . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Quentin flied out to right . Dye popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Contreras pitching for White Sox . Lowell popped out to second . Bay flied out to right . Lowrie doubled to deep right . Ellsbury reached on infield single to first , Lowrie to third . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Varitek popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Thome struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to right center . Swisher grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Drew walked . Pedroia singled to left center , Drew to second . Ortiz struck out swinging . Youkilis popped out to first . Lowell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Uribe walked . Wise sacrificed to pitcher , Uribe to second , Wise safe at first on error by pitcher Matsuzaka . Cabrera bunt popped out to pitcher . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wise out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Bay flied out to right . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Quentin hit by pitch . Dye flied out to center . Thome grounded out to second , Quentin to second . Ramirez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Drew flied out to center . Pedroia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Swisher walked . Uribe reached on bunt single to third , Swisher to second . Wise grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at second , Swisher to third . Cabrera singled to right center , Swisher scored , Wise to third . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Ortiz singled to center . Youkilis struck out swinging . Lowell singled to right center , Ortiz to third . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ortiz scored , Lowell out at second . Lowrie grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Quentin grounded out to third . Dye lined out to second . Thome grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Ellsbury singled to left . Varitek singled to right , Ellsbury to second . Drew walked , Ellsbury to third , Varitek to second . Pedroia singled to left , Ellsbury scored , Varitek to third , Drew to second . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Varitek , Drew and Pedroia scored . Russell pitching for White Sox . Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop . Lowell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Youkilis out at second , Ortiz to third . Bay grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded out to third . Swisher struck out swinging . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Russell pitching for White Sox . Lowrie struck out looking . Ellsbury homered to right . Varitek flied out to left . Drew walked . Pedroia flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox . Wise popped out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Russell pitching for White Sox . Ortiz flied out to center . Youkilis singled to center . Lowell singled to shallow center , Youkilis to second . Youkilis to third , Lowell to second on wild pitch by Russell . Bay grounded out to third . Lowrie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Quentin flied out to center . Dye flied out to left . Thome homered to right . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 6 - White Sox 2 .	BoSox sink ChiSox