Mariners - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to left . Cairo popped out to second . Ibanez walked , Suzuki to second . Beltre grounded out to second . Lopez singled to left center , Suzuki and Ibanez scored . Lopez stole second . Balentien doubled to right center , Lopez scored . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Balentien out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski flied out to center . Quentin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Clement hit ground rule double to right . Betancourt sacrificed to pitcher , Clement to third . Suzuki struck out swinging . Cairo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Dye doubled to deep left . Thome grounded out to second , Dye to third . Konerko reached on infield single to shortstop , Dye scored . Swisher homered to left center , Konerko scored . Ramirez lined out to third . Uribe grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Ibanez grounded out to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to center . Pierzynski walked . Quentin flied out to left . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Balentien grounded out to third . Johjima grounded out to third . Clement singled to center . Betancourt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Thome flied out to center . Konerko flied out to center . Swisher lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Cairo singled to left , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored , Cairo to third . Beltre struck out swinging . Lopez lined out to second . Balentien walked , Ibanez to second . Johjima popped out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . Uribe walked . Cabrera homered to left , Uribe scored . Pierzynski singled to center . Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Washburn . Quentin singled to center , Pierzynski to third . Dye doubled to deep right center , Pierzynski and Quentin scored . Batista pitching for Mariners . Dye to third on wild pitch by Batista . Thome intentionally walked . Konerko hit by pitch , Thome to second . Swisher singled to right , Dye scored , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Ramirez singled to center , Thome scored , Konerko to third , Swisher to second . Uribe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Konerko out at home , Swisher to third , Ramirez to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Clement struck out swinging . Betancourt homered to left center . Suzuki reached on bunt single to third . Cairo fouled out to catcher . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki to second . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Suzuki to third , Ibanez to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Beltre grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Quentin grounded out to second . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Lopez struck out swinging . Balentien grounded out to third . Johjima walked . Clement flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Thome popped out to shortstop . Konerko walked . Anderson ran for Konerko . Anderson to third on wild pitch by Woods . Swisher walked . Ramirez homered to left , Anderson and Swisher scored . Uribe walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Pierzynski fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Getz at second base . Anderson in center field . Swisher at first base . Ramirez at shortstop . Ramirez pitching for White Sox . Betancourt singled to left . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt out at second . Cairo popped out to shortstop . Ibanez singled to deep right , Suzuki to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Reed in right field . Woods pitching for Mariners . Quentin homered to left . Dye flied out to right . Thome grounded out to first . Anderson lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for White Sox . Lopez fouled out to catcher . Balentien popped out to second . Johjima singled to left center . Clement singled to right , Johjima to second . Betancourt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - White Sox 13 .	ChiSox blast Mariners , regain Central lead