Indians - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Sizemore struck out swinging . Francisco homered to left . Choo struck out swinging . Peralta lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Lewis pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Anderson grounded out to third . Dye reached on infield single to shortstop . Thome lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Garko singled to left . Shoppach struck out swinging . Gutierrez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garko out at second . Gutierrez stole second . Barfield singled to right , Gutierrez scored , Barfield to second advancing on throw . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Barfield to third . Sizemore grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lewis pitching for Indians . Konerko homered to left center . Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Pierzynski homered to right center , Ramirez scored . Swisher safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Uribe walked , Swisher to second . Cabrera sacrificed to first , Swisher to third , Uribe to second . Anderson grounded out to pitcher , Swisher scored , Uribe to third . Dye flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Francisco flied out to left . Choo flied out to center . Peralta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lewis pitching for Indians . Thome grounded out to first . Konerko lined out to left . Ramirez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Garko homered to left . Shoppach struck out swinging . Gutierrez grounded out to first . Barfield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Pierzynski singled to center . Swisher grounded out to first , Pierzynski to second . Uribe flied out to right . Cabrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore singled to center , Cabrera to second . Francisco walked , Cabrera to third , Sizemore to second . Choo singled to center , Cabrera and Sizemore scored , Francisco to second . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Peralta walked , Francisco to third , Choo to second . Garko homered to center , Francisco , Choo and Peralta scored . Shoppach hit by pitch . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez hit by pitch , Shoppach to second . Barfield struck out looking . Cabrera struck out swinging . Sizemore fouled out to left . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Anderson singled to right center . Dye homered to left , Anderson scored . Thome struck out looking . Konerko popped out to third . Ramirez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . MacDougal pitching for White Sox . Francisco walked . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francisco out at second . Choo to second on balk by MacDougal . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Garko walked . Choo to third , Garko to second on wild pitch by MacDougal . Shoppach walked . Wassermann pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez walked , Choo scored , Garko to third , Shoppach to second . Barfield struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Pierzynski flied out to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Uribe fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Sizemore flied out to left . Francisco singled to deep left , Cabrera to third . Cabrera scored , Francisco to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Choo lined out to right . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Peralta grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Mujica pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to center . Anderson struck out swinging . Dye singled to center , Cabrera to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Thome struck out swinging . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Konerko doubled to deep left , Cabrera scored , Dye to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Garko struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out swinging . Gutierrez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Swisher doubled to deep right . Uribe reached on infield single to third . Cabrera flied out to right . Wise hit for Anderson . Lewis pitching for Indians . Wise singled to right , Swisher scored , Uribe to second . Dye flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wise in center field . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Barfield struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Sizemore flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Thome walked . Konerko flied out to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 11 - White Sox 8 .	Garko clubs Indians past struggling White Sox