Rangers - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Martín reached on bunt single to first . Andrus sacrificed to catcher , Martín to second . Beltré grounded out to third . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Gentry flied out to left . Ross grounded out to second . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Rua struck out swinging . Smolinski struck out swinging . Rosales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Butler struck out swinging . Canha fouled out to catcher . Lawrie doubled to deep right center , Lawrie out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Odor popped out to shortstop . Chirinos struck out looking . Martín struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Phegley flied out to center . Semien singled to right . Ladendorf tripled to deep center , Semien scored . Gentry hit by pitch . Ross singled to shallow left , Ladendorf scored , Gentry to second . Zobrist bunt popped out foul to catcher . Butler walked , Gentry to third , Ross to second . Canha doubled to deep right center , Gentry , Ross and Butler scored . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Beltré lined out to left . Fielder walked . Rua struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Phegley reached on infield single to shortstop . Semien walked , Phegley to second . Ladendorf grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phegley safe at third on error by third baseman Rosales , Semien to second . Gentry lined out to pitcher . Phegley scored , Semien to third , Ladendorf to second on passed ball by Chirinos . Ross struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Smolinski grounded out to third . Rosales struck out looking . Odor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Detwiler pitching for Rangers . Butler grounded out to third . Canha singled to shallow center . Lawrie singled to right , Canha to second . Phegley singled to right , Canha to third , Lawrie to second . Semien reached on infield single to pitcher , Canha scored , Lawrie to third , Phegley to second . Verrett pitching for Rangers . Ladendorf grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lawrie scored , Semien out at second , Phegley to third . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ladendorf out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Chirinos flied out to center . Martín flied out to right . Andrus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Verrett pitching for Rangers . Ross lined out to third . Zobrist reached on infield single to shortstop , Zobrist to second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Butler singled to right center , Zobrist to third . Canha doubled to deep left , Zobrist scored , Butler to third . Lawrie reached on infield single to third . Phegley struck out swinging . Semien struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Beltré safe at first on error by shortstop Semien . Fielder flied out to left . Rua struck out swinging . Smolinski walked , Beltré to second . Rosales lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . DeShields in center field . Verrett pitching for Rangers . Ladendorf walked . Ladendorf to second on wild pitch by Verrett . Gentry lined out to center , Ladendorf to third . Ross grounded out to shortstop , Ladendorf scored . Sogard hit for Zobrist . Sogard popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Sogard at second base . Ladendorf in left field . Otero pitching for Athletics . Odor struck out looking . Chirinos fouled out to left . DeShields reached on infield single to pitcher . Andrus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Klein pitching for Rangers . Butler singled to right . Canha popped out to shortstop . Lawrie popped out to shortstop . Phegley popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Alvarez pitching for Athletics . Beltré lined out to center . Fielder doubled to deep right . Rua struck out swinging . Smolinski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 0 - Athletics 10 .	Lefty Scott Kazmir strikes out 10 as A 's pound Rangers