Astros - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Altuve grounded out to third . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Astros . Martín fouled out to first . Peguero lined out to left . Beltré tripled to deep right , Beltré scored on throwing error by shortstop González . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Carter struck out swinging . Valbuena struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Astros . Smolinski walked . Moreland singled to center , Smolinski to third . Andrus struck out looking . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smolinski scored , Moreland out at second . Chirinos lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Rasmus flied out to right . González homered to right ( 378 feet ) . Marisnick flied out to right . Altuve singled to right . Springer singled to center , Altuve to third . Lowrie walked , Springer to second . Carter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Astros . Martín grounded out to first . Peguero grounded out to second . Beltré doubled to left . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Valbuena flied out to center . Castro singled to right . Rasmus doubled to deep right , Castro to third . González grounded out to first . Marisnick popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Astros . Smolinski struck out swinging . Moreland doubled to deep center . Andrus grounded out to third . Odor walked . Chirinos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Altuve singled to center . Springer struck out swinging . Lowrie fouled out to left . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Astros . Martín grounded out to pitcher . Peguero doubled to deep left center . Beltré grounded out to third . Fielder intentionally walked . Smolinski walked , Peguero to third , Fielder to second . Thatcher pitching for Astros . Moreland safe at first on error by first baseman Carter , Peguero scored , Fielder to third , Smolinski to second . Andrus singled to left , Fielder and Smolinski scored , Moreland to second , Moreland to third , Andrus to second on throwing error by left fielder Rasmus . Odor struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Valbuena struck out looking . Castro doubled to deep center . Rasmus flied out to left . González singled to left center , Castro to third . Edwards pitching for Rangers . Marisnick walked , González to second . Altuve walked , Castro scored , González to third , Marisnick to second . Klein pitching for Rangers . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Altuve out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Astros . Chirinos singled to center . Martín grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chirinos out at second . Peguero struck out swinging . Beltré grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Lowrie struck out looking . Carter flied out to right . Valbuena singled to right . Castro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Astros . Fielder lined out to left . Smolinski lined out to center . Moreland hit by pitch . DeShields ran for Moreland . DeShields stole second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Rasmus fouled out to third . González lined out to center . Marisnick singled to right . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marisnick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Odor doubled to deep right . Chirinos sacrificed to pitcher , Odor to third . Martín grounded out to first . Peguero singled to right , Odor scored . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Peguero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Springer popped out to second . Lowrie struck out swinging . Carter walked . Valbuena singled to right , Carter to second . Castro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 2 - Rangers 6 .	Gallardo wins home debut for Rangers , 6 - 2 over Astros