Yankees - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Ellsbury tripled to left . Gardner hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira homered to center ( 414 feet ) . McCann singled to deep right . Beltrán walked , McCann to second . Headley singled to center , McCann scored , Beltrán to third . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Headley out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop . Andrus reached on bunt single to first , DeShields to second . Fielder flied out to center , DeShields to third . Beltré lined out to third . Hamilton homered to right ( 358 feet ) , DeShields and Andrus scored . Rua grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . Gardner lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Choo homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Rosales popped out to second . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . DeShields struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira singled to left . McCann homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Teixeira scored . Beltrán flied out to right . Headley flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Andrus singled to left . Fielder flied out to center , Andrus out at second . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Gregorius singled to right . Drew grounded out to second , Gregorius to second . Ellsbury grounded out to second , Gregorius to third . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Hamilton struck out looking . Rua inside - the - park home run to deep center ( 276 feet ) . Choo hit by pitch . Rosales grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez singled to left . Teixeira walked , Rodriguez to second . McCann lined out to first . Beltrán lined out to left . Headley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Chirinos singled to left . DeShields reached on bunt single to catcher , Chirinos to second . Andrus struck out looking . Fielder flied out to left . Beltré walked , Chirinos to third , DeShields to second . Hamilton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Rangers . Gregorius grounded out to second . Drew grounded out to first . Ellsbury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rua singled to center . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Choo struck out swinging . Rosales grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rua out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Kela pitching for Rangers . Gardner struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira homered to center ( 428 feet ) . McCann struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Chirinos walked . Chirinos to second on wild pitch by Wilson . DeShields struck out swinging . Betances pitching for Yankees . Andrus singled to left , Chirinos to third . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chirinos scored , Andrus to second . Andrus stole third . Beltré lined out to shortstop . Hamilton walked , Fielder to second . Moreland hit for Rua . Martín ran for Fielder . Moreland struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . DeShields in left field . Martín in center field . Moreland at first base . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Beltrán singled to right . Headley grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Beltrán out at second . Gregorius walked . Drew singled to center , Gregorius to second . Ellsbury hit by pitch , Gregorius to third , Drew to second . Gardner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Choo struck out looking . Odor hit for Rosales . Odor struck out swinging . Goody pitching for Yankees . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Odor at second base . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez walked . Young ran for Rodriguez . Teixeira struck out swinging . McCann flied out to right . Beltrán popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Goody pitching for Yankees . DeShields walked . Miller pitching for Yankees . Andrus flied out to center . Martín reached on infield single to first , DeShields hit by batted ball out at second . Beltré walked , Martín to second . Hamilton singled to right , Martín scored , Beltré to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Rangers 7 .	Hamilton 's walk - off hit gives Texas 7 - 6 win over Yankees