Mariners - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Marte doubled to left . Seager flied out to center , Marte to third . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Nuno pitching for Mariners . DeShields grounded out to second . Choo singled to right . Beltré singled to center , Choo to third . Fielder struck out swinging . Napoli singled to left , Choo scored , Beltré to second . Moreland grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Trumbo struck out swinging . Montero lined out to center . O'Malley lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Andrus walked . Odor sacrificed to catcher , Andrus to second , Odor safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Nuño . Andrus to third on throwing error by pitcher Nuño . Gimenez grounded out to first , Andrus scored , Odor to third . DeShields hit sacrifice fly to center , Odor scored . Choo hit by pitch . Choo to second on wild pitch by Nuño . Beltré walked . Fielder struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Hicks struck out looking . Marte struck out swinging . Seager singled to center . Cruz singled to left , Seager to second . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Napoli flied out to right . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Gutiérrez popped out to second . Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Montero struck out swinging . O'Malley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Nuno pitching for Mariners . Odor lined out to left . Gimenez walked . DeShields reached on bunt single to pitcher , Gimenez to second . Choo walked , Gimenez to third , DeShields to second . JC Ramírez pitching for Mariners . Beltré doubled to deep center , Gimenez and DeShields scored , Choo to third . Fielder intentionally walked . Napoli fouled out to first . Rasmussen pitching for Mariners . Moreland flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Venable in left field . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Hicks struck out swinging . Marte lined out to left . Seager grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Jo . Ramírez pitching for Mariners . Andrus doubled to deep left . Odor lined out to left , Andrus to third . Gimenez doubled to deep left center , Andrus scored . DeShields tripled to deep right center , Gimenez scored . Choo walked . Beltré singled to right , DeShields scored , Choo to second . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Fielder grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Beltré out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Cruz struck out swinging . Canó singled to right center . Gutiérrez struck out looking . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Miller at second base . Romero in left field . Rollins pitching for Mariners . Venable grounded out to second . Moreland flied out to left . Andrus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Montero reached on infield single to shortstop . O'Malley struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Marte doubled to deep left center , Montero to third . Seager struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Jones in center field . O'Malley at third base . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Odor flied out to center . Gimenez grounded out to third . Stubbs hit for DeShields . Stubbs reached on infield single to third . Choo singled to center , Stubbs to third . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Stubbs in center field . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Miller struck out swinging . Romero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Guaipe pitching for Mariners . Fielder walked . Strausborger ran for Fielder . Strausborger to second on wild pitch by Guaipe . Venable struck out swinging . Moreland singled to left , Strausborger scored . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Moreland safe at second on error by second baseman Miller . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second , Moreland to third . Gimenez singled to right , Moreland scored , Odor to second . Stubbs walked , Odor to third , Gimenez to second . Kensing pitching for Mariners . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stubbs out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Alberto at third base . Rua at first base . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Trumbo grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . O'Malley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Rangers 10 .	Hamels , Beltre help Rangers thump Mariners 10 - 1