Angels - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Aybar bunt grounded out to third . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Santiago pitching for Angels . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo grounded out to second . Beltré doubled to deep center . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Pujols flied out to center . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference . Cron struck out swinging . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Santiago pitching for Angels . Napoli popped out to second . Hamilton homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Andrus doubled to left . Odor lined out to center , Andrus to third . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Pérez flied out to left . Giavotella flied out to right . Aybar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Santiago pitching for Angels . DeShields fouled out to right . Choo flied out to center . Beltré struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout doubled to deep left . Pujols flied out to center . Murphy singled to center , Trout scored . Cron popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Fielder flied out to center . Napoli struck out swinging . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Freese singled to shallow left . Pérez doubled to deep right center , Freese scored , Pérez to third advancing on throw . Giavotella singled to shallow left center , Pérez scored . Aybar singled to right , Giavotella to third . Freeman pitching for Rangers . Calhoun walked , Aybar to second . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Giavotella scored , Aybar to third , Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Trout hit sacrifice fly to center , Aybar scored . Pujols intentionally walked . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pujols out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Santiago pitching for Angels . Andrus walked . Andrus stole second . Odor singled to center , Andrus scored . Chirinos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Odor safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Freese . DeShields singled to center , Odor scored , Chirinos to second . Choo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chirinos to third , DeShields safe at second on error by shortstop Aybar . Salas pitching for Angels . Beltré singled to center , Chirinos and DeShields scored , Choo to second . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Fielder struck out swinging . Napoli lined out to left . Hamilton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Cron struck out swinging . Freese walked . Pérez flied out to center . Giavotella doubled to deep center , Freese scored , Giavotella out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Morin pitching for Angels . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Odor popped out to third . Chirinos singled to center , Andrus to third . Moreland hit for DeShields . Ramos pitching for Angels . Moreland walked , Chirinos to second . Stubbs ran for Moreland . Choo singled to left center , Andrus and Chirinos scored , Stubbs to third . Gott pitching for Angels . Beltré singled to center , Stubbs scored , Choo to second . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltré out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Stubbs in center field . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Aybar grounded out to second . Calhoun grounded out to pitcher . Trout singled to right . Kela pitching for Rangers . Pujols singled to left , Trout to second . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Latos pitching for Angels . Napoli flied out to left . Hamilton homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Andrus lined out to left . Odor homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Chirinos flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Venable in left field . Dyson pitching for Rangers . Cron reached on infield single to second . Freese struck out swinging . Pérez struck out swinging . Giavotella struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Latos pitching for Angels . Stubbs walked . Choo struck out swinging . Stubbs stole second . Beltré grounded out to pitcher . Reyes pitching for Angels . Fielder lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Aybar homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Calhoun homered to right ( 421 feet ) . Ohlendorf pitching for Rangers . Trout grounded out to shortstop . Pujols doubled to right . Murphy struck out swinging . Cron singled to center , Pujols scored . Cowgill ran for Cron . Freese singled to left center , Cowgill to third . Cowart ran for Freese . Pérez singled to center , Cowgill scored , Cowart to second . Giavotella singled to center , Cowart scored , Pérez to second . Faulkner pitching for Rangers . Featherston ran for Giavotella . Aybar walked , Pérez to third , Featherston to second . Calhoun grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Navarro at first base . Cowgill in left field . Cowart at third base . Featherston at second base . Smith pitching for Angels . Napoli grounded out to catcher . Venable struck out swinging . Andrus singled to center . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Odor batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 11 - Rangers 10 .	Angels ' wild rally vs. Rangers ' almost surreal '