Reds - Top 1st . Flande pitching for Rockies . Hamilton doubled to deep right . Santiago reached on infield single to third , Hamilton to third . Bruce grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hamilton scored , Santiago out at second . Ludwick walked , Bruce to second . Negron struck out looking . Pena grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Rutledge lined out to first . Dickerson lined out to shortstop . Cuddyer tripled to deep right . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Cozart flied out to center . Barnhart grounded out to shortstop . Axelrod struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Paulsen grounded out to pitcher . Rosario singled to left center . Barnes struck out looking . Culberson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Flande pitching for Rockies . Hamilton singled to left . Santiago fouled out to third . Bruce popped out to third . Ludwick lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Flande struck out swinging . Rutledge reached on infield single to shortstop . Dickerson flied out to center . Rutledge stole second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Negron struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . Cozart grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Arenado struck out swinging . Paulsen grounded out to pitcher . Rosario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Barnhart grounded out to third . Axelrod struck out looking . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Barnes homered to left ( 429 feet ) . Culberson singled to center . Flande struck out swinging . Rutledge struck out swinging . Dickerson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Santiago walked . Bruce struck out swinging . Ludwick homered to left center ( 458 feet ) , Santiago scored . Negron singled to center . Pena doubled to deep center , Negron scored . Brown pitching for Rockies . Cozart grounded out to third . Barnhart grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Davis Axelrod pitching for Reds . Cuddyer homered to left ( 440 feet ) . Arenado flied out to right . Paulsen singled to right center . Rosario walked , Paulsen to second . Barnes grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rosario out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Hannahan hit for Axelrod . Brown pitching for Rockies . Hannahan flied out to left . Hamilton singled to center . Hamilton stole second , Hamilton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rosario . Santiago hit sacrifice fly to right , Hamilton scored . Bruce struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for Reds . Culberson lined out to right . Blackmon hit for Brown . Blackmon walked . Rutledge singled to right , Blackmon to third . Dickerson singled to right , Blackmon scored , Rutledge to second . Cuddyer singled to center , Rutledge to third , Dickerson to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rutledge scored , Dickerson out at third , Cuddyer to second , Cuddyer scored , Arenado to third on throwing error by third baseman Santiago . Paulsen grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Cuddyer at first base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Barnes in right field . Blackmon in center field . Ludwick struck out swinging . Negron struck out swinging . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Contreras pitching for Reds . Rosario flied out to left . Barnes singled to right . Culberson singled to center , Barnes to second . Parra pitching for Reds . Schumaker at second base . Blackmon fouled out to third . Rutledge reached on infield single to third , Barnes to third , Culberson to second . Dickerson doubled to center , Barnes and Culberson scored , Rutledge to third . Cuddyer doubled to left , Rutledge and Dickerson scored . Arenado walked . Stubbs hit for Ottavino . Stubbs singled to left , Cuddyer scored , Arenado to second . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Stubbs in center field . Blackmon in left field . Cozart lined out to center . Heisey hit for Barnhart . Heisey lined out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Rockies 10 .	Cuddyer grabs cycle as Rockies sweep Reds