Rangers - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Kiner - Falefa doubled to catcher . Dahl doubled to deep right , Kiner - Falefa to third . Gallo walked . Solak reached on infield single to catcher , Kiner - Falefa scored , Gallo to second , Dahl to third . Lowe doubled to left , Dahl scored , Solak scored and Gallo scored . Holt reached on infield single to first , Lowe to third . White singled to center , Lowe scored , Holt to second . Taveras fouled out to left . Trevino singled to center , White to second , Holt thrown out at home . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trevino out at second . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Gibson pitching for Rangers . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop . Benintendi singled to shallow center , Merrifield to second . Santana walked , Benintendi to second , Merrifield to third . Pérez walked , Merrifield scored , Santana to second , Benintendi to third . Benintendi scored , Pérez to second on passed ball by Trevino , Santana to third on passed ball by Trevino . Soler walked . Dozier struck out looking . Isbel singled to right , Santana scored , Soler to second , Pérez to third . Taylor singled to center , Pérez scored , Isbel to second , Soler to third . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center , Soler scored , Isbel to third . Merrifield flied out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Dahl reached on infield single to second . Gallo walked , Dahl to second . Solak grounded out to shortstop , Gallo to second , Dahl to third . Lowe singled to left , Dahl scored , Gallo to third . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Holt walked , Lowe to second . White struck out swinging . Taveras struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Benintendi lined out to left . Santana walked . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . Soler reached first base on catcher 's interference , Soler to first on error by catcher Trevino , Pérez to second on error . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Soler out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Trevino singled to center . Kiner - Falefa walked , Trevino to second . Dahl reached on infield single to second , Kiner - Falefa to second , Trevino to third . Gallo singled to shallow right center , Kiner - Falefa scored and Trevino scored , Dahl to third . Solak struck out swinging . Lowe flied into double play , center to catcher , Dahl thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hearn pitching for Rangers . Isbel struck out looking . Taylor homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Merrifield singled to left , Lopez to second . Benintendi struck out swinging . Santana singled to left , Lopez scored , Merrifield to second . Cody pitching for Rangers . Pérez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Holt flied out to center . White struck out swinging . Taveras struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Cody pitching for Rangers . Soler homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Dozier walked . Isbel singled to left , Dozier to second . Taylor singled to center , Dozier scored , Isbel to second . Lopez reached on bunt single to catcher , Taylor to second , Isbel to third . Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to right , Isbel scored , Lopez to second , Taylor to third . Benintendi struck out looking . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Santana flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Royals . Trevino struck out swinging . Kiner - Falefa flied out to right . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Sborz pitching for Rangers . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Soler walked . Dozier struck out looking . Isbel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Hahn pitching for Royals . Gallo fouled out to third . Solak hit by pitch . Lowe struck out swinging . Solak to second on wild pitch by Hahn . Holt walked . White reached on infield single to shortstop , Solak scored , Holt to third . Taveras struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . King pitching for Rangers . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to third . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Trevino struck out looking . Kiner - Falefa flied out to center . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . de Geus pitching for Rangers . Benintendi walked . Santana walked , Benintendi to second . Pérez hit by pitch , Santana to second , Benintendi to third . Soler hit by pitch , Benintendi scored , Pérez to second , Santana to third . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana scored , Soler out at second , Pérez to third . Isbel reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez scored , Dozier to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Isbel out at second , Dozier to third . Lopez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Alberto at third base . Barlow pitching for Royals . Gallo singled to right . Solak struck out swinging . Lowe struck out swinging . Holt walked , Gallo to second . White walked , Holt to second , Gallo to third . Holland pitching for Royals . Taveras struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Allard pitching for Rangers . Merrifield homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Benintendi grounded out to first . Santana safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kiner - Falefa . Pérez struck out swinging . Soler singled to center , Soler safe at second on throwing error by center fielder Taveras , Santana safe at third on error . Alberto grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Trevino singled to shallow right . Kiner - Falefa grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Trevino out at second . Dahl walked , Kiner - Falefa to second . Dahl to second on passed ball by Pérez , Kiner - Falefa to third on passed ball by Pérez . Kiner - Falefa scored on Holland wild pitch , Dahl to third on wild pitch by Holland . Gallo walked . Davis pitching for Royals . Solak struck out looking . Gallo stole second . Lowe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Royals 14 .	Royals outslug Rangers 14 - 10 in wild opener