Rays - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Meadows singled to right center . Arozarena singled to right , Meadows to second . Wendle grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Arozarena out at second , Meadows to third . Lowe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Meadows scored , Wendle safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Merrifield . Margot flied out to center . Lowe to second on wild pitch by Keller , Wendle to third on wild pitch by Keller . Tsutsugo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Hill pitching for Rays . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Santana grounded out to third . Pérez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Kiermaier walked . Adames grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kiermaier to second . Zunino walked , Adames to second , Kiermaier to third . Meadows hit sacrifice fly to right , Kiermaier scored , Adames to third . Arozarena struck out swinging . Wendle singled to left center , Adames scored , Zunino to second . Lowe walked , Wendle to second , Zunino to third . Newberry pitching for Royals . Margot walked , Zunino scored , Lowe to second , Wendle to third . Tsutsugo walked , Wendle scored , Margot to second , Lowe to third . Kiermaier grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Hill pitching for Rays . Soler flied out to center . Alberto flied out to center . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Newberry pitching for Royals . Adames singled to left . Zunino grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Adames out at second . Meadows grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Zunino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Hill pitching for Rays . Benintendi walked . Taylor reached on bunt single to pitcher , Benintendi to second , Taylor to second , Benintendi safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Hill . Lopez singled to right , Benintendi scored and Taylor scored . Merrifield doubled to left , Lopez to third . Santana doubled to deep left , Lopez scored and Merrifield scored . Kittredge pitching for Rays . Pérez flied out to center . Soler flied out to left . Alberto grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Royals . Arozarena singled to right . Wendle grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arozarena out at second . Lowe homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Margot lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Honeywell Jr. pitching for Rays . Dozier grounded out to second . Benintendi grounded out to first . Taylor walked . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Royals . Tsutsugo grounded out to second . Kiermaier doubled to deep center . Adames tripled to deep right center , Kiermaier scored . Zunino struck out swinging . Meadows flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Honeywell Jr. pitching for Rays . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Santana homered to right center ( 413 feet ) . Pérez walked . Soler singled to center , Pérez to second . Strickland pitching for Rays . Soler to second on wild pitch by Strickland , Pérez to third on wild pitch by Strickland . Alberto popped out to second . Dozier walked . Benintendi grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Arozarena singled to center . Wendle singled to left , Arozarena to second . Lowe reached on infield single to second , Wendle to second , Arozarena to third . Margot singled to left , Arozarena and Wendle scored , Margot safe at second , Lowe safe at third on fielding error by left fielder Benintendi . Tsutsugo singled to shallow center , Lowe scored and Margot scored . Kiermaier grounded into double play , pitcher to third to first , Tsutsugo out at second . Adames grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Phillips in center field . Strickland pitching for Rays . Taylor struck out swinging . Lopez doubled to right center . Merrifield singled to center , Lopez scored . Santana flied out to right . Pérez lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Zuber pitching for Royals . Zunino struck out looking . Meadows doubled to deep right . Arozarena struck out swinging . Wendle flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Richards pitching for Rays . Soler struck out swinging . Alberto tripled to right . Dozier grounded out to second , Alberto scored . Benintendi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Margot grounded out to third . Tsutsugo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Richards pitching for Rays . Taylor lined out to right . Lopez popped out to shortstop . Merrifield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Phillips walked . Adames flied out to center . Zunino homered to left ( 434 feet ) , Phillips scored . Meadows homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Arozarena struck out looking . Wendle doubled to deep left center . Isbel in right field . Hanser Alberto pitching for Royals . Dozier at third base . Lowe flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Gallagher hit for Santana . Richards pitching for Rays . Gallagher struck out swinging . Pérez struck out swinging . Isbel popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 14 - Royals 7 .	Lowe , Meadows HRs highlight Rays ' 14 - 7 rout of Royals