Royals - Top 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Santana singled to right . Pérez lined out to left . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Arraez hit by pitch . Donaldson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arraez out at second . Buxton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Benintendi singled to center . Dozier struck out swinging , Dozier out at first , Benintendi caught stealing second , catcher to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Cruz popped out to first . Kirilloff struck out looking . Garver flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Gallagher struck out swinging . Lopez struck out swinging . Merrifield struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Kepler lined out to right . Cave hit by pitch . Simmons homered to left ( 408 feet ) , Cave scored . Arraez singled to right . Donaldson grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Arraez safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Dozier . Buxton reached on infield single to third , Arraez scored on throwing error by third baseman Dozier , Donaldson safe at third on error . Buxton to second on wild pitch by Keller . Cruz intentionally walked . Kirilloff hit sacrifice fly to right , Donaldson scored , Buxton to third . Garver homered to left ( 436 feet ) , Buxton scored and Cruz scored . Kepler doubled to deep center . Cave struck out looking . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Santana singled to deep right . Pérez struck out swinging . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana out at second . Benintendi singled to left , Soler to second . Dozier homered to left center ( 395 feet ) , Soler scored and Benintendi scored . Taylor grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Simmons lined out to center . Arraez flied out to left . Donaldson doubled to deep right center . Buxton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Gallagher lined out to right . Lopez walked . Merrifield doubled to deep left center , Lopez scored . Santana popped out to shortstop . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Cruz grounded out to third . Bubic pitching for Royals . Kirilloff struck out swinging . Garver singled to left center . Kepler popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Soler safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Benintendi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soler out at second . Dozier struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 6th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Cave grounded out to shortstop . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop . Arraez tripled to deep right , Simmons scored . Barlow pitching for Royals . Donaldson doubled to left , Arraez scored . Buxton doubled to deep center , Donaldson scored . Cruz struck out looking . Kirilloff struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Robles pitching for Twins . Gallagher grounded out to pitcher . Lopez walked . Merrifield lined out to left . Santana singled to center , Lopez to second . Pérez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . O'Hearn at first base . Holland pitching for Royals . Garver grounded out to pitcher . Kepler grounded out to first . Cave walked . Simmons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Soler struck out swinging . Benintendi lined out to second . Dozier doubled to deep left . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Alberto at shortstop . Newberry pitching for Royals . Arraez singled to center . Donaldson lined out to center . Buxton struck out swinging . Cruz singled to shallow right , Arraez to third . Kirilloff homered to right ( 431 feet ) , Arraez scored and Cruz scored . Garver popped out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Dyson hit for Gallagher . Alcala pitching for Twins . Dyson walked . Alberto flied out to right . Merrifield grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dyson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Twins 13 .	Twins score 7 in 3rd to back Berríos in 13 - 4 win over Royals