Royals - Top 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Santana grounded out to first . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Lynch pitching for Royals . Grossman flied out to right . Schoop flied out to center . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Soler safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Goodrum . Benintendi singled to center , Soler to second . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Dozier flied out to center , Soler to third . Taylor lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Lynch pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to right . Goodrum struck out looking . Haase doubled to deep right , Cabrera to third . Castro singled to shallow right , Cabrera scored , Haase to third . Jones singled to right , Haase scored , Castro to third . Jones safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Soler . Baddoo hit sacrifice fly to center , Castro scored , Jones to third . Grossman singled to center , Jones scored . Schoop struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Lopez flied out to center . Merrifield walked . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Lynch pitching for Royals . Candelario struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Goodrum singled to left . Haase reached on infield single to third , Goodrum to third . Zuber pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Soler grounded out to third . Benintendi singled to right . O'Hearn grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Benintendi out at second . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Jones struck out swinging . Baddoo struck out swinging . Grossman singled to center . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grossman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Taylor hit by pitch . Lopez singled to right , Taylor to third . Merrifield grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taylor scored , Lopez out at second . Santana grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Candelario flied out to center . Cabrera walked . Goodrum singled to right , Cabrera to second . Haase grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goodrum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Pérez singled to center . Soler struck out swinging . Benintendi singled to right , Pérez to third . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Dozier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . Jones walked . Jones caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Baddoo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Taylor struck out swinging . Lopez singled to left . Lange pitching for Tigers . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at second . Santana walked , Merrifield to second . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Grossman flied out to right . Schoop popped out to first . Candelario walked . Cabrera singled to left center , Candelario to second . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Soler singled to left . Benintendi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Soler out at second . Alberto hit for O'Hearn . Alberto singled to left , Benintendi to second . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Dozier struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Alberto as designated hitter . Bubic pitching for Royals . Haase struck out looking . Castro struck out looking . Jones walked . Baddoo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Lopez walked . Merrifield doubled to deep right , Lopez to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop , Lopez scored . Pérez singled to center , Merrifield scored . Dyson ran for Pérez . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Soler popped out to second . Benintendi struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Tigers 4 .	Tigers beat Royals 4 - 3 , KC 's skid reaches 11 games