Tigers - Top 1st . Singer pitching for Royals . Grossman flied out to left . Castro grounded out to second . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield walked . Santana singled to center , Merrifield to second . Perez singled to left center , Santana to second , Merrifield to third . Soler popped out to first . Benintendi singled to left , Santana scored and Merrifield scored , Perez to second . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Taylor struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Singer pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to center . Mazara struck out looking . Schoop reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schoop out at second , Cabrera to third . Ramos walked , Castro to second . Baddoo singled to shallow left , Cabrera scored and Castro scored , Ramos to second . Grossman flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Alberto reached on bunt single to third . Lopez bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Alberto out at second . Merrifield lined out to second . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Singer pitching for Royals . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Candelario grounded out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Perez struck out swinging . Soler struck out looking . Benintendi grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Singer pitching for Royals . Mazara grounded out to shortstop . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Castro popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez doubled to deep left . Taylor doubled to shallow left , Gutiérrez scored . Alberto sacrificed to pitcher , Taylor to third . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to center , Taylor scored . Merrifield flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Singer pitching for Royals . Ramos singled to right . Baddoo doubled to left , Ramos to third . Grossman struck out swinging . Castro singled to center , Ramos scored , Baddoo to third . Candelario struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Santana singled to left . Perez flied out to center , Santana to second . Santana to third on wild pitch by Boyd . Soler struck out swinging . Benintendi reached on infield single to second , Santana scored . Gutiérrez walked , Benintendi to second . Taylor walked , Gutiérrez to second , Benintendi to third . Alberto popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Singer pitching for Royals . Mazara grounded out to first . Schoop struck out looking . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Lopez doubled to third . Lopez to third on wild pitch by Funkhouser . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Santana hit sacrifice fly to right , Lopez scored . Perez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Singer pitching for Royals . Ramos grounded out to third . Baddoo walked . Barlow pitching for Royals . Grossman singled to right , Baddoo to third . Castro walked , Grossman to second . Candelario struck out looking . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Soler struck out swinging . Benintendi walked . Benintendi stole second . Benintendi to third on wild pitch by Jiménez . Gutiérrez grounded out to shortstop , Benintendi scored . Taylor struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Goodrum hit for Mazara . Brentz pitching for Royals . Goodrum flied out to right . Schoop safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gutiérrez , Schoop safe at second on error . Castro flied out to right , Schoop to third . Ramos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Grossman in right field . Goodrum in center field . Baddoo in left field . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Alberto grounded out to third . Lopez grounded out to second . Merrifield reached on infield single to second . Merrifield stole second . Santana grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Baddoo singled to right . Grossman homered to right ( 395 feet ) , Baddoo scored . Castro singled to center . Candelario walked , Castro to second . Jones ran for Candelario . Cabrera flied out to right . Goodrum singled to right , Jones to second , Castro to third . Schoop struck out looking . Castro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Royals 7 .	Benintendi 3 RBIs , KC holds on , ends Tigers ' win streak at 4