Royals - Top 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Twins . Merrifield doubled to first . Santana grounded out to first , Merrifield to third . Benintendi singled to shallow left center , Merrifield scored . Perez flied out to second . Mondesi struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Polanco grounded out to second . Donaldson walked . Kirilloff singled to shallow center , Donaldson to second . Cruz walked , Kirilloff to second , Donaldson to third . Sanó struck out swinging . Larnach walked , Donaldson scored , Cruz to second , Kirilloff to third . Refsnyder struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Twins . Olivares struck out swinging . Gutiérrez fouled out to first . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Rortvedt homered to left center ( 417 feet ) . Simmons safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Gutiérrez . Polanco struck out looking . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop , Simmons to second . Kirilloff reached on infield single to second , Simmons to third . Cruz flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Twins . Dyson grounded out to first . Merrifield bunt popped out to pitcher . Santana popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Sanó struck out swinging . Larnach grounded out to second . Refsnyder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Twins . Benintendi struck out swinging . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Rortvedt struck out swinging . Simmons lined out to second . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Twins . Olivares singled to shallow left . Gutiérrez singled to center , Olivares to third . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olivares scored , Gutiérrez out at second . Dyson singled to shallow left , Dozier to second . Merrifield singled to left , Dozier scored , Dyson to second . Dyson to third on pickoff error by pitcher Shoemaker . Merrifield stole second . Santana walked . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Benintendi hit sacrifice fly to center , Dyson scored , Merrifield to third . Perez singled to left , Merrifield scored , Santana to second . Mondesi lined out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Donaldson doubled to deep right . Kirilloff singled to left center , Donaldson to third . Cruz walked , Kirilloff to second . Sanó grounded into double play , third to second to first , Donaldson scored , Cruz out at second , Kirilloff to third . Larnach struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Olivares singled to left . Gutiérrez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olivares out at second . Dozier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Refsnyder grounded out to shortstop . Rortvedt lined out to center . Simmons struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Farrell pitching for Twins . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Merrifield lined out to center . Santana singled to shallow left . Benintendi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Polanco walked . Donaldson grounded out to first , Polanco to second . Kirilloff walked . Barlow pitching for Royals . Cruz struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Colomé pitching for Twins . Perez grounded out to second . Mondesi lined out to center . Olivares fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Larnach hit by pitch . Refsnyder struck out swinging . Garver hit for Rortvedt . Garver walked , Larnach to second . Simmons struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Garver catching . Minaya pitching for Twins . Gutiérrez popped out to third . Dozier homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Dyson reached on infield single to catcher . Merrifield grounded out to second , Dyson to second . Dyson to third on wild pitch by Minaya . Santana grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Donaldson flied out to left . Kirilloff struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Twins 3 .	Merrifield , Dozier lead Royals past Twins 6 - 3