Tigers - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Grossman hit by pitch . Castro singled to right field , Grossman to third . Grossman scored on error , Schoop safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Gutiérrez , Castro to second . Cabrera singled to center , Castro scored , Schoop to second . Haase struck out swinging . Mazara singled to center , Cabrera to second , Schoop to third . Goodrum singled to shallow center , Cabrera scored and Schoop scored , Mazara to third . Baddoo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goodrum out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield grounded out to third . Santana singled to right . Perez grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Castro walked . Grossman struck out swinging , Castro caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Soler singled to left field . Dozier struck out swinging . Gutiérrez singled to right , Soler to second . Olivares grounded out to second , Gutiérrez to second , Soler to third . Alberto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Schoop flied out to center . Cabrera flied out to center . Haase safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Gutiérrez . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Taylor struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to right . Santana singled to right , Merrifield to third . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Perez struck out swinging . Soler popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Goodrum grounded out to first . Baddoo reached on infield single to shortstop . Castro homered to right ( 418 feet ) , Baddoo scored . Grossman struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Foley pitching for Tigers . Dozier grounded out to third . Gutiérrez grounded out to second . Olivares reached on infield single to third . Alberto doubled to left , Olivares scored . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Schoop popped out to first . Cabrera singled to right . Haase doubled to deep left center , Cabrera to third . Mazara hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Haase to third . Goodrum grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lange pitching for Tigers . Merrifield walked . Merrifield to second on wild pitch by Lange . Santana grounded out to second , Merrifield to third . Perez singled to center , Merrifield scored . Soler doubled to deep right , Perez to third . Funkhouser pitching for Tigers . Dozier walked . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Olivares grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Royals . Baddoo flied out to left . Castro struck out swinging . Grossman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Alberto lined out to third . Taylor singled to right center . Merrifield doubled to second base , Taylor to third . Santana struck out swinging . Perez walked . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Soler walked , Taylor scored , Perez to second , Merrifield to third . Dozier popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Royals . Castro lined out to first . Schoop flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez doubled to deep right . Olivares grounded out to third . Alberto bunt grounded out to pitcher , Gutiérrez to third . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Santana pitching for Royals . Haase flied out to center . Mazara grounded out to second . Goodrum homered to center ( 426 feet ) . Baddoo flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Merrifield reached on infield single to second . Santana struck out swinging . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Santana pitching for Royals . Castro struck out swinging . Grossman homered to right ( 424 feet ) . Castro grounded out to first . Schoop doubled to deep left center . Cabrera singled to right , Schoop scored . Haase flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Soler singled to center . Dozier flied out to right . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Olivares struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 10 - Royals 3 .	Tigers lose 2 pitchers to injuries , end 3 - game skid , beat KC