Royals - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Red Sox . Merrifield grounded out to second . Soler lined out to left . Santana lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Minor pitching for Royals . Hernández grounded out to second . Verdugo popped out to second . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Red Sox . Perez homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn grounded out to second . Olivares grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Royals . Bogaerts flied out to right . Devers hit by pitch . Renfroe popped out to second . Vázquez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Red Sox . Taylor grounded out to third . Alberto grounded out to first . Merrifield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to left . Chavis flied out to left . Hernández walked , Gonzalez to second . Verdugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second , Gonzalez to third . Martinez homered to center ( 420 feet ) , Gonzalez scored and Verdugo scored . Bogaerts singled to center . Devers doubled to deep left , Bogaerts to third . Renfroe flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Red Sox . Soler singled to right center . Santana grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Soler out at second . Perez reached on infield single to second . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Royals . Vázquez popped out to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Chavis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chavis to second , Gonzalez out at third in rundown . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Red Sox . O'Hearn singled to right center . Olivares reached on infield single to shortstop , O'Hearn to second . Taylor grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Olivares out at second , O'Hearn to third . Alberto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Minor pitching for Royals . Verdugo singled to center . Martinez walked , Verdugo to second . Bogaerts singled to deep center , Verdugo scored , Martinez to second . Devers grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bogaerts out at second , Martinez to third . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez scored , Devers out at second . Vázquez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Red Sox . Merrifield doubled to deep right . Soler singled to left , Merrifield to third . Santana grounded out to shortstop , Merrifield scored , Soler to second . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Perez singled to right center , Soler to third . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Perez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Chavis lined out to center . Hernández flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Red Sox . O'Hearn popped out to third . Olivares struck out swinging . Taylor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Verdugo struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to pitcher . Swarzak pitching for Royals . Bogaerts lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Taylor pitching for Red Sox . Alberto flied out to left . Merrifield lined out to center . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Swarzak pitching for Royals . Devers grounded out to second . Renfroe homered to left ( 427 feet ) . Vázquez popped out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Santana flied out to center . Perez reached on infield single to third . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Red Sox 6 .	Martinez , Renfroe lift Red Sox over Royals 6 - 2 amid delays