Royals - Top 1st . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Merrifield flied out to right . Santana flied out to center . Benintendi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Minor pitching for Royals . Hernandez reached on bunt single to third base . Rosario struck out swinging . Ramírez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Perez grounded out to third . O'Hearn lined out to right . Dozier singled to left center . Soler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Royals . Reyes popped out to second . Bradley struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to right . Pérez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Taylor lined out to right . Lopez flied out to left . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Royals . Mercado doubled to left . Zimmer fouled out to catcher . Mercado stole third . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Santana struck out swinging . Benintendi singled to right . Perez homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Benintendi scored . O'Hearn safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Bradley . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , O'Hearn out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Royals . Ramírez walked . Reyes singled to left , Ramírez to second . Bradley doubled to center , Ramírez scored , Reyes thrown out at home . Ramirez singled to center , Bradley to third . Pérez popped out to second . Mercado singled to left center , Bradley scored on fielding error by center fielder Taylor , Mercado safe at second , Ramirez safe at third . Zimmer reached on infield single to second , Ramirez scored , Mercado to third . Hernandez homered to left center ( 403 feet ) , Mercado scored and Zimmer scored . Rosario flied out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Soler singled to left , Soler out stretching at second . Taylor walked . Lopez flied out to center . Merrifield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Royals . Ramírez singled to center . Reyes singled to left , Ramírez to third . Bradley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez scored , Reyes out at second . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Santana flied out to right . Benintendi homered to right center ( 420 feet ) . Perez lined out to shortstop . O'Hearn lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Rivero catching . Santana pitching for Royals . Pérez homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Mercado lined out to center . Zimmer walked . Zimmer stole second . Hernandez struck out swinging . Rosario doubled to deep left , Zimmer scored . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Ramírez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Sandlin pitching for Indians . Dozier walked . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dozier safe at second on fielding error by second baseman Hernandez . Taylor singled to right center , Soler to second , Dozier to third . Lopez grounded out to first , Dozier scored , Taylor to second , Soler to third . Merrifield hit sacrifice fly to center , Soler scored , Taylor to third . Shaw pitching for Indians . Santana walked . Benintendi singled to right center , Taylor scored , Santana to second . Rivero grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Reyes lined out to center . Bradley hit by pitch . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Ramirez singled to right , Bradley to second . Pérez singled to right , Bradley scored , Ramirez to second . Mercado homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Ramirez scored and Pérez scored . Zimmer struck out swinging . Swarzak pitching for Royals . Hernandez lined out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Maton pitching for Indians . O'Hearn reached on infield single to shortstop , deflected by first baseman . Dozier struck out looking . Soler popped out to second . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Alberto at second base . Dyson in right field . O'Hearn at first base . Swarzak pitching for Royals . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez homered to right ( 348 feet ) . Reyes flied out to right . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Clement at third base . Da . Johnson in right field . Parker pitching for Indians . Lopez singled to center . Alberto popped out to second . Dyson struck out looking . Benintendi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 6 - Indians 14 .	Hernández , Mercado lead Indians past Royals 14 - 6