Royals - Top 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield struck out swinging . Santana walked . Santana to second on wild pitch by Cease . Perez flied out to shortstop . Benintendi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Bubic pitching for Royals . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at second . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Taylor bunt popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Engel continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by first baseman O'Hearn . Bubic pitching for Royals . Engel grounded out to third . Moncada struck out swinging . Vaughn homered to center ( 441 feet ) . García flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Olivares singled to center . Lopez struck out swinging . Olivares stole second . Merrifield struck out , Merrifield to first on passed ball by Zavala , Olivares to third on passed ball by Zavala . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield to second , Olivares out at home . Perez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bubic pitching for Royals . Zavala walked . Zavala to second on balk . Anderson homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Zavala scored . Hernandez walked . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . Jiménez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Benintendi walked . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn struck out swinging , Benintendi stole second . Dyson ran for Benintendi . Taylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Dyson in left field . Bubic pitching for Royals . Engel struck out swinging . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . Vaughn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Olivares flied out to left . Lopez popped out to third . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Bubic pitching for Royals . García struck out looking . Zavala struck out swinging . Anderson reached on infield single to third . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Santana struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bubic pitching for Royals . Abreu lined out to right . Jiménez struck out looking . Engel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Kopech pitching for White Sox . Dozier tripled to deep center . O'Hearn hit sacrifice fly to center , Dozier scored . Taylor struck out swinging . Olivares flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Moncada walked . Vaughn walked , Moncada to second . García walked , Vaughn to second , Moncada to third . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Zavala walked , Moncada scored , García to second , Vaughn to third . Anderson singled to center , Vaughn scored , Zavala to second , García to third . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson to second , Zavala to third , García out at home . Abreu singled to center , Anderson scored and Zavala scored , Hernandez to second . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second , Hernandez to third . Engel struck out looking . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Lopez struck out looking . Merrifield grounded out to third . Santana singled to left . Perez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Davis pitching for Royals . Moncada lined out to first . Vaughn grounded out to shortstop . García lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Tepera pitching for White Sox . Dyson popped out to first . Dozier struck out looking . O'Hearn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 1 - White Sox 7 .	Cease blanks Royals for 6 innings , White Sox win 7 - 1