Cardinals - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Arenado walked . O'Neill walked , Arenado to second . Carpenter fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Santana lined out to shortstop . Perez walked . Benintendi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Nootbaar struck out looking . Bader grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Dozier grounded out to second . Taylor singled to right center . Rivera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . Sosa singled to shallow center . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sosa out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging , Edman caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Alberto singled to center . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alberto out at second . Merrifield grounded out to second , Lopez to second . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . O'Neill lined out to right . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Perez singled to right center . Benintendi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez out at second . Dozier singled to center , Benintendi to second . Taylor singled to center , Benintendi scored , Dozier to second . Rivera grounded into double play , third to first , Dozier out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Molina safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rivera . Nootbaar singled to center , Molina to second . Bader struck out swinging . Sosa safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Lopez , Nootbaar to second , Molina to third . Edman singled to left , Molina scored and Nootbaar scored , Sosa to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Alberto grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield singled to center . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Keller pitching for Royals . O'Neill struck out swinging . Carpenter struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Lester pitching for Cardinals . Perez struck out swinging . Benintendi grounded out to shortstop . Dozier walked . Taylor singled to center , Dozier to third . O'Hearn hit for Rivera . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . O'Hearn lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Merrifield at second base . O'Hearn in right field . Alberto at third base . Keller pitching for Royals . Nootbaar grounded out to second . Bader singled to center . Bader caught stealing second , catcher to second . Sosa singled to right . Edman singled to center , Sosa to third . Staumont pitching for Royals . Edman to second on wild pitch by Staumont . Goldschmidt singled to center , Sosa scored and Edman scored . Arenado homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . O'Neill struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Helsley pitching for Cardinals . Alberto struck out swinging . Lopez singled to left center . Merrifield walked , Lopez to second . Santana struck out swinging . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Carpenter grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to second . Nootbaar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . García pitching for Cardinals . Benintendi struck out swinging . Dozier struck out swinging . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . Bader singled to left . Sosa singled to center , Bader to second . Sosa to second , Bader to third on wild pitch by Holland . Edman walked . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center , Bader scored , Edman to second , Sosa to third . Arenado hit ground rule double to deep left center , Edman scored and Sosa scored . O'Neill struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . O'Hearn lined out to center . Alberto singled to left . Lopez singled to shallow right , Alberto to second . Merrifield doubled to left , Lopez scored and Alberto scored . Santana singled to right , Merrifield scored . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Perez grounded out to pitcher , Santana to second . Benintendi struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Royals 4 .	Arenado homers again as Cardinals beat Royals 9 - 4