Indians - Top 1st . Lynch pitching for Royals . Straw singled to right . Rosario grounded out to second , Straw to second . Straw stole third . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to center , Straw scored . Reyes lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Plesac pitching for Indians . Merrifield doubled to left field . Lopez walked . Perez homered to center ( 439 feet ) , Merrifield scored and Lopez scored . Benintendi flied out to right . Santana flied out to center . Dozier flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Lynch pitching for Royals . Ramirez singled to left . Chang struck out swinging . Miller grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Plesac pitching for Indians . Taylor doubled to left . Isbel singled to center , Taylor scored . Isbel to second on wild pitch by Plesac . Alberto flied out to center , Isbel to third . Merrifield doubled to deep left , Isbel scored . Merrifield to third on wild pitch by Plesac . Lopez flied out to left . Perez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Gallagher catching . Lynch pitching for Royals . Hedges singled to left . Mercado walked , Hedges to second . Straw lined out to second . Rosario doubled to right , Hedges scored , Mercado to third . Ramírez struck out looking . Reyes walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reyes out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Plesac pitching for Indians . Benintendi walked . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Benintendi out at second . Dozier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Lynch pitching for Royals . Chang singled to center . Miller singled to center , Chang to second . Hedges reached on infield single to second , Chang scored , Miller to third . Payamps pitching for Royals . Mercado flied out to center . Straw grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miller scored , Hedges out at second . Rosario struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Taylor lined out to center . Isbel walked . Isbel stole second . Alberto fouled out to catcher . Merrifield fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Payamps pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . Reyes reached on infield single to third base . Ramirez singled to shallow left , Reyes to second . Chang doubled to left , Reyes scored , Ramirez to third . Miller grounded out to third . Hedges flied out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Gallagher singled to right center . Benintendi flied out to center . Santana singled to shallow right , Gallagher to second , Gallagher safe at third on fielding error by right fielder Mercado . Santana to second , . Dozier hit by pitch . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Royals . Mercado grounded out to shortstop . Straw flied out to right . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Plesac pitching for Indians . Isbel flied out to center . Alberto lined out to left . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Reyes flied out to right . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Lopez doubled to left . Gallagher sacrificed to first , Lopez to third . Benintendi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lopez out at home . Benintendi to second on wild pitch by Wittgren . Santana walked . Dozier tripled to deep right , Benintendi scored and Santana scored . Dozier scored on Wittgren wild pitch . Taylor flied out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Tapia pitching for Royals . Chang grounded out to shortstop . Miller flied out to center . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Garza pitching for Indians . Isbel walked . Alberto doubled to deep left center , Isbel scored . Merrifield struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second , Alberto to third . Gallagher singled to left , Alberto scored . Benintendi flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Mercado singled to left . Straw flied out to right . Rosario flied out to center . Mercado to second on fielder 's indifference . Ramírez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Royals 10 .	Perez hits 48th homer , leaves hurt ; Royals beat Indians 10 - 5