Royals - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik lined out to shortstop. Aviles flied out to left. DeJesus singled to center. Butler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Scutaro doubled to left. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to left, Scutaro scored. Youkilis walked, Ortiz to second. Martinez doubled to deep center, Ortiz and Youkilis scored. Drew popped out to second. Beltre singled to left, Martinez to third. Hermida struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Guillen singled to left. Callaspo lined out to left. Maier singled to right, Guillen to second. Betancourt flied out to center. Kendall walked, Guillen to third, Maier to second. Podsednik flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Cameron flied out to right. Scutaro struck out looking. Pedroia flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Aviles singled to left. DeJesus doubled to deep center, Aviles scored. Butler grounded out to third. Guillen walked. Callaspo grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at third, Guillen to second. Maier singled to center, Guillen scored, Callaspo to third. Betancourt popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Ortiz popped out to third. Youkilis walked. Martinez homered to right (388), Youkilis scored. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Beltre grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kendall reached on infield single to pitcher. Podsednik singled to right center, Kendall to third. Podsednik stole second. Aviles singled to left, Kendall scored, Podsednik to third. DeJesus singled to right, Podsednik scored, Aviles to second. Butler singled to center, Aviles to third, DeJesus to second. Guillen popped out to second. Callaspo struck out swinging. Aviles scored, DeJesus to third, Butler to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Maier walked. Betancourt homered to left (369), DeJesus, Butler and Maier scored. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Kendall singled to left. Kendall stole second. Podsednik grounded out to first. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Hermida lined out to center. Cameron singled to right. Scutaro singled to left, Cameron to second. Pedroia fouled out to second, Cameron to third. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Aviles grounded out to first. DeJesus reached on infield single to third. Butler singled to left, DeJesus to second. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Youkilis flied out to right. Martinez flied out to center. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo flied out to center. Maier struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to center. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Beltre lined out to center. Hermida lined out to shortstop. Cameron singled to left. Cameron to second on passed ball by Kendall. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Red Sox. Podsednik doubled to deep center. Aviles lined out to right. DeJesus grounded out to third, Podsednik to third. Butler walked. Guillen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Pedroia grounded out to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Callaspo doubled to deep center. Maier homered to right (385), Callaspo scored. Betancourt singled to left. Kendall flied out to left. Podsednik walked, Betancourt to second. Nelson pitching for Red Sox. Aviles flied out to right. DeJesus safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro, Betancourt to third, Podsednik to second. Butler struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Royals. Martinez flied out to center. Drew grounded out to first. Beltre singled to center. Hermida flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Varitek catching. McDonald in center field. Hall pitching for Red Sox. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to first. Maier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Hughes pitching for Royals. McDonald struck out swinging. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 12 - Red Sox 5.	Betancourt slams Red Sox \n\n