Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Johnson flied out to left. Drew grounded out to second. Upton walked. Upton stole second. Montero doubled to deep center, Upton scored. Young grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Scutaro struck out swinging. Pedroia walked. Pedroia stole second. Ortiz reached on infield single to third, Pedroia to third. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia scored, Ortiz out at second. Youkilis caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Martinez batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. LaRoche grounded out to second. Reynolds struck out looking. Parra singled to deep left. Ryal hit by pitch, Parra to second. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Drew flied out to center. Beltre walked. Nava popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Drew reached on infield single to pitcher, Drew to second on throwing error by pitcher Lackey. Upton grounded out to pitcher. Montero flied out to center. Young doubled to left, Drew scored. Young caught stealing third, catcher to third. LaRoche batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. McDonald safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds. Scutaro flied out to center. McDonald stole second. Pedroia flied out to right, McDonald to third. Ortiz homered to center (438 feet), McDonald scored. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. LaRoche grounded out to first. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra reached on bunt single to third. Ryal singled to center, Parra to third. Johnson singled to right, Parra scored, Ryal to second. Drew fouled out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Beltre lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Upton walked. Montero doubled to deep center, Upton scored. Young struck out swinging. LaRoche flied out to center, Montero to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Nava hit ground rule double to deep center. McDonald sacrificed to third, Nava to third. Scutaro doubled to left, Nava scored. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz intentionally walked. Youkilis flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Parra grounded out to first. Ryal struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep right. Drew grounded out to second, Martinez to third. Beltre singled to center, Martinez scored. Nava singled to right, Beltre to second, Beltre to third, Nava to second on throwing error by right fielder Upton. McDonald hit by pitch. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltre scored, Nava to third. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. McDonald stole second. Pedroia grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Richardson pitching for Red Sox. Drew singled to center. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Upton fouled out to first. Montero struck out looking. Young singled to left, Drew to second. LaRoche walked, Drew to third, Young to second. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ortiz walked. Youkilis flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Ortiz doubled off first. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Roberts hit for Parra. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Ryal struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Roberts in left field. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew grounded out to first. Beltre walked. Nava doubled to deep center, Beltre scored. McDonald flied out to left. Scutaro singled to right, Nava scored. Pedroia singled to right, Scutaro to second. Ortiz flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton flied out to center. Drew to second on fielder's indifference. Montero struck out swinging. Young doubled to deep left center, Drew scored. LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Red Sox 8.	Ortiz homer helps Red Sox sweep D-backs