Red Sox - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Lowrie walked. Ortiz popped out to third. Youkilis reached on infield single to second, Lowrie to second. Beltre singled to center, Lowrie scored, Youkilis to third. Beltre stole second. Drew walked. Cameron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Drew out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Barton walked. Suzuki singled to left center, Barton to second. Cust walked, Barton to third, Suzuki to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, second to first, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hall popped out to second. Brown struck out swinging. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Ellis flied out to center. Watson homered to right (378 feet). Davis safe at first on error by first baseman Youkilis. Davis to second on balk by Buchholz. Davis to third on wild pitch by Buchholz. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at home. Pennington struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lowrie flied out to right. Ortiz lined out to right. Youkilis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Barton reached on infield single to shortstop. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barton out at second. Cust homered to center (429 feet), Suzuki scored. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Ellis lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to second. Drew lined out to right. Cameron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Watson lined out to shortstop. Davis safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lowrie. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Davis out at second. Pennington walked, Crisp to second. Barton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hall doubled to deep right. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Hall stole third. McDonald struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to left center, Hall scored. Lowrie to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Ortiz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Buchholz pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to center. Cust singled to right, Suzuki to second. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Kouzmanoff flied out to center, Suzuki to third. Ellis singled to left, Suzuki scored, Cust to second. Cust to third, Ellis to second on passed ball by Brown. Watson struck out swinging. Davis singled to center, Cust and Ellis scored, Davis out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Youkilis singled to left. Beltre homered to left center (394 feet), Youkilis scored. Drew singled to right. Cameron lined out to right. Hall grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Crisp singled to center. Crisp caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pennington struck out swinging. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Brown flied out to right. Patterson hit for McDonald. Patterson struck out swinging. Lowrie walked. Ortiz walked, Lowrie to second. Youkilis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Patterson in left field. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki lined out to left. Cust grounded out to first. Kouzmanoff doubled to deep right. Ellis walked. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Watson walked, Kouzmanoff to third, Ellis to second. Gross ran for Watson. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Gross in right field. Davis in left field. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Beltre singled to right. Drew grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. Cameron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Crisp tripled to deep left. Pennington flied out to center, Crisp thrown out at home. Barton hit ground rule double to deep right. Suzuki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Nava hit for Hall. Nava lined out to center. Scutaro hit for Brown. Scutaro struck out looking. Patterson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 4 - Athletics 6.	A's beat Red Sox