Red Sox - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Scutaro flied out to right. Drew grounded out to first. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Pierre struck out swinging. Vizquel grounded out to second. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ortiz bunt grounded out to pitcher. Beltre fouled out to catcher. Lowell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to second. Teahen walked. Kotsay singled to center, Teahen to third. Morel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Lowrie grounded out to first. Kalish grounded out to second. Nava flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. De Aza flied out to center. Pierre grounded out to second. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Scutaro doubled to deep left. Drew grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro stole third. Ortiz singled to left, Scutaro scored. Beltre lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Quentin grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski homered to right (347 feet). Ramirez grounded out to third. Teahen flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lillibridge in center field. De Aza in right field. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Lowell flied out to right. Lowrie flied out to left. Kalish grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay flied out to center. Morel reached on infield single to shortstop. De Aza reached on bunt single to pitcher, Morel to second. Pierre walked, Morel to third, De Aza to second. Vizquel struck out swinging. Lillibridge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Nava flied out to center. Scutaro grounded out to third. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski singled to left. Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher, Pierzynski to second. Teahen sacrificed to third, Pierzynski to third, Ramirez to second. Kotsay intentionally walked. Morel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Martinez grounded out to first. Ortiz grounded out to second. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Beckett pitching for Red Sox. De Aza reached on infield single to second. Pierre singled to left, De Aza to second. Vizquel singled to center, De Aza scored, Pierre to second. Lillibridge reached on bunt single to catcher, Pierre to third, Vizquel to second, Pierre scored, Vizquel to third, Lillibridge to second on throwing error by catcher Martinez. Pierzynski intentionally walked. Ramirez singled to left, Vizquel scored, Lillibridge to third, Pierzynski to second. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez hit for Teahen. Ramirez struck out looking. Kotsay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Lowell homered to left center (400 feet). Lowrie singled to right. Putz pitching for White Sox. Kalish struck out looking. Nava walked, Lowrie to second. Patterson ran for Nava. Scutaro popped out to first. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Drew popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Patterson in left field. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Morel reached on infield single to shortstop. De Aza singled to right, Morel to third. Pierre grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Morel scored, De Aza out at second. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Martinez flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to third. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - White Sox 5.	White Sox offense wins; Beckett, Red Sox falter