Braves - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Pirates. Inciarte singled to deep left. Swanson fouled out to left. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Marte struck out swinging. Bell flied out to left. McCutchen singled to deep left. Polanco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Pirates. Markakis lined out to shortstop. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. García flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Freese popped out to second. Cervelli lined out to right. Harrison hit ground rule double to deep left. Mercer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Pirates. Suzuki popped out to third. Foltynewicz struck out looking. Inciarte bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Nova flied out to right. Marte hit by pitch. Bell singled to right, Marte to third. McCutchen singled to deep left, Marte scored, Bell to second. Polanco grounded out to catcher, Bell to third, McCutchen to second. Freese walked. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freese out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Pirates. Swanson struck out swinging. Freeman singled to left. Kemp singled to center, Freeman to second. Markakis hit by pitch, Freeman to third, Kemp to second.   Phillips grounded into double play, shortstop to first. Markakis out at second. Phillips batting. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Harrison popped out to second. Mercer singled to deep center. Nova sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to second. Marte singled to left, Mercer scored, Marte to second advancing on throw. Bell walked. McCutchen walked, Marte to third, Bell to second. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Polanco lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Pirates. García popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio hit for O'Flaherty. Bonifacio safe at second on error by left fielder Polanco. Inciarte doubled to deep right, Bonifacio scored. Swanson lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Collmenter pitching for Braves. Freese homered to center (409 feet). Cervelli homered to left center (391 feet). Harrison lined out to left. Mercer singled to deep right center. Nova sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to second. Marte struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Nova pitching for Pirates. Freeman grounded out to first. Kemp singled to left. d'Arnaud ran for Kemp. Markakis hit ground rule double to deep center, d'Arnaud to third. Phillips struck out swinging. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. d'Arnaud in left field. Collmenter pitching for Braves. Bell safe at first on error by third baseman García. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bell out at second. Polanco grounded out to second, McCutchen to second. Freese flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Jaso at first base. Suzuki struck out swinging. Recker hit for Collmenter. Recker struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Roe pitching for Braves. Cervelli walked. Harrison safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips, Cervelli to second. Mercer flied out to center. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second, Cervelli to third. Marte singled to deep left, Cervelli scored, Jaso to second. Frazier hit for Rivero. Frazier flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 8th. LeBlanc pitching for Pirates. Swanson reached on infield single to third. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swanson out at second. d'Arnaud singled to deep center, Freeman to second. Markakis doubled to deep right, Freeman scored, d'Arnaud to third. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Phillips singled to center, d'Arnaud and Markakis scored. García grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop. Polanco flied out to left. Gosselin hit for Freese. McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Vizcaíno. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop, McCutchen to third. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Gosselin at second base. Harrison at third base. Suzuki hit by pitch. Flowers hit for Vizcaíno. Peterson ran for Suzuki. Flowers grounded out to catcher, Peterson to second. Inciarte grounded out to second, Peterson to third. Swanson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Pirates 5.	Freese, Cervelli power Pirates by Braves 5-4 in home opener