Blue Jays - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Pillar flied out to center. Carrera singled to center. Bautista fouled out to catcher. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Inciarte singled to left. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inciarte safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Biagini. Freeman walked, Inciarte to third, Phillips to second. Kemp walked, Inciarte scored, Phillips to third, Freeman to second. Markakis singled to deep left, Phillips and Freeman scored, Kemp to second. Suzuki homered to left (412 feet), Kemp and Markakis scored. Peterson grounded out to second. Swanson grounded out to second. Foltynewicz lined out to right. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Travis grounded out to shortstop. Goins flied out to left. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Inciarte flied out to left. Phillips grounded out to second. Freeman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Maile safe at first on error by shortstop Swanson. Biagini sacrificed to first, Maile to second. Pillar grounded out to pitcher, Maile to third. Carrera lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. Suzuki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Bautista doubled to center. Smoak homered to right center (404 feet), Bautista scored. Travis singled to center. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Travis out at second. Barney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Goins out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Peterson struck out swinging. Swanson flied out to center. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Maile singled to left center. Ceciliani hit for Biagini. Ceciliani grounded out to second, Maile to second. Pillar grounded out to shortstop, Maile to third. Maile scored on Foltynewicz' wild pitch. Carrera walked. Bautista singled to center, Carrera to second. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carrera out at third, Bautista to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Ceciliani in left field. Inciarte grounded out to second. Phillips hit ground rule double to right. Freeman hit by pitch. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Camargo ran for Freeman. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Camargo at third base. Peterson at first base. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Travis hit by pitch. Goins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Travis out at second. Barney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki doubled to left. Peterson walked. Swanson struck out swinging. Bonifacio hit for Foltynewicz. Bonifacio hit sacrifice fly to right, Suzuki scored, Peterson to third. Coghlan at third base. Howell pitching for Blue Jays. Inciarte singled to right center, Peterson scored, Inciarte to second on error by right fielder Bautista. Phillips walked. Camargo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Motte pitching for Braves. Maile struck out looking. Ceciliani flied out to center. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Howell pitching for Blue Jays. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki walked. Peterson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Coghlan grounded out to first. Bautista homered to left (407 feet). Smoak grounded out to third. Travis walked. Goins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Swanson struck out swinging. Santana hit for O'Flaherty. Santana lined out to left. Inciarte flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Ohlman hit for Barnes. Ohlman struck out looking. Morales hit for Maile. Morales struck out swinging. Ceciliani lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Braves 8.	Freeman hurt; Braves ride big inning to win over Blue Jays