Pirates - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Frazier lined out to shortstop. Harrison flied out to center. McCutchen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Inciarte singled to right center. Inciarte to second on wild pitch by Cole. Phillips grounded out to second, Inciarte to third. Markakis popped out to shortstop. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Bell flied out to left. Freese struck out swinging. Jaso doubled to deep right center. Cervelli lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Adams grounded out to second. Flowers singled to center. Ruiz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Flowers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Mercer singled to center. Cole sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to second. Frazier walked. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop, Mercer to third, Frazier to second, Mercer scored, Frazier to third, Harrison to second on throwing error by shortstop Swanson. McCutchen struck out swinging.   Josh Bell grounds out, second to first. Bell batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Swanson doubled to deep center. Foltynewicz grounded out to first. Inciarte singled to left, Swanson scored, Inciarte out stretching at second. Phillips homered to left center (431 feet). Markakis flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Freese struck out looking. Jaso struck out swinging. Cervelli walked. Mercer reached on infield single to third, Cervelli to second. Cole struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Harrison at third base. Hanson at second base. Cole pitching for Pirates. Kemp popped out to second. Adams singled to right. Flowers singled to center, Adams to third. Ruiz hit by pitch, Flowers to second. Swanson struck out swinging. Foltynewicz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Frazier reached on infield single to first. Harrison lined out to center. McCutchen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Frazier out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Inciarte singled to left. Phillips singled to right center, Inciarte to third. Markakis safe at first on error by third baseman Harrison, Inciarte scored, Phillips to second. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second, Phillips to third. Adams homered to right (401 feet), Phillips scored. Flowers walked. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Ruiz singled to right, Flowers to third. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ruiz out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Bell singled to right. Hanson singled to center, Bell to second. Jaso singled to right, Bell scored, Hanson to third. Motte pitching for Braves. Cervelli struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. Osuna hit for Barbato. Osuna grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Mariñez pitching for Pirates. Bonifacio hit for Motte. Bonifacio flied out to right. Inciarte singled to shallow left center. Phillips lined out to right. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Frazier flied out to left. Harrison flied out to center. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ngoepe at shortstop. Marinez pitching for Pirates. Kemp flied out to right. Adams grounded out to third. Flowers flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Bell walked. Hanson flied out to center. Jaso struck out swinging. Cervelli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Marinez pitching for Pirates. Ruiz walked. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ruiz out at second. Santana hit for Vizcaíno. Santana flied out to left. Inciarte singled to center, Swanson to second. Phillips walked, Swanson to third, Inciarte to second. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Ortiz in right field. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Ngoepe popped out to first. Ortiz grounded out to first. Frazier hit by pitch. Frazier to second on fielder's indifference. Harrison grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Braves 5.	Adams hits 2-run HR to power Braves past Pirates, 5-2