Pirates - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Braves. Frazier walked. Harrison singled to center, Frazier to second. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Harrison out at second, Frazier to third. Bell doubled to shallow left, Frazier scored. Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop, Bell to third. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Bell out at home, Cervelli to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Inciarte walked. Phillips grounded into double play, third to second to first, Inciarte out at second. Markakis doubled to left center. Kemp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Braves. Hanson flied out to left. Mercer grounded out to first. Glasnow reached on infield single to shortstop. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Adams grounded out to second. Suzuki doubled to left. Ruiz struck out swinging. Swanson intentionally walked. Dickey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Braves. Harrison lined out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Bell walked. Cervelli hit by pitch, Bell to second. Jaso singled to right center, Bell scored, Cervelli to third. Hanson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inciarte out at second. Markakis flied out to right. Kemp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. Glasnow singled to left. Frazier walked, Glasnow to second. Harrison singled to left, Glasnow to third, Frazier to second. McCutchen grounded into double play, third to first, Frazier out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Adams doubled to deep center. Suzuki singled to center, Adams scored. Ruiz struck out swinging. Swanson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. Dickey singled to center, Swanson to second. Inciarte flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Bell popped out to shortstop. Cervelli struck out swinging. Jaso doubled to right. Hanson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Phillips singled to right center. Markakis lined out to left. Kemp struck out swinging. Phillips out at first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Braves. Mercer homered to right (345 feet). Glasnow reached on infield single to third. Frazier lined out to center. Harrison singled to left, Glasnow to second. McCutchen flied out to center. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Glasnow out at third, Harrison to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Glasnow pitching for Pirates. Adams homered to right (407 feet). Suzuki singled to right. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at second. Swanson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruiz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Cervelli flied out to center. Jaso grounded out to second. Hanson singled to center. Mercer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. LeBlanc pitching for Pirates. Ngoepe at second base. Bonifacio hit for Freeman. Bonifacio fouled out to first. Inciarte singled to shallow left. Inciarte to second on wild pitch by LeBlanc. Phillips singled to center, Inciarte scored. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Phillips to second on passed ball by Cervelli. Markakis grounded out to third, Phillips to third. Kemp singled to center, Phillips scored. Adams grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Ortiz hit for Ngoepe. Ortiz struck out swinging. Frazier struck out swinging. Harrison flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Frazier at second base. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Ortiz in left field. Suzuki lined out to right. Ruiz grounded out to second. Swanson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Braves. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Bell singled to left. Cervelli singled to center, Bell to second. Jaso struck out swinging. Freese hit for Barbato. Freese walked, Bell to third, Cervelli to second. Mercer singled to left, Bell and Cervelli scored, Freese to second. Jackson pitching for Braves. Peterson at third base. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Osuna at first base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Peterson struck out swinging. Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop. Phillips lined out to center. Markakis doubled to center, Inciarte scored. Kemp intentionally walked. Adams singled to left, Markakis scored, Kemp to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 5 - Braves 6.	After 3 hour rain delay, Adams lifts Braves over Pirates