Braves - Top 1st. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Inciarte grounded out to first. Markakis singled to left. Kemp singled to right, Markakis to second. Adams singled to right, Markakis thrown out at home, Adams to second, Kemp to second, Kemp to third advancing on throw. Flowers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for Braves. Young Jr. grounded out to first. Calhoun lined out to second. Pujols singled to shallow center. Valbuena walks, Pujols to second. Valbuena batting. Simmons struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Ruiz fouled out to left. Santana struck out swinging. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for Braves. Revere lined out to first. Pennington struck out looking. Espinosa grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Swanson grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte walked. Markakis flied out to center. Kemp homered to center (421 feet), Inciarte scored. Adams struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for Braves. Graterol singled to center. Young Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Graterol out at second. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young Jr. safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Peterson. Pujols homered to left (405 feet), Young Jr. and Calhoun scored. Valbuena singled to right. Simmons safe at second on error by shortstop Swanson, Valbuena to third. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Valbuena scored, Simmons to third. Pennington grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Simmons scored, Revere to second. Espinosa singled to right center, Revere scored, Pennington to third. Graterol grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pennington scored, Espinosa safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Colón. Young Jr. reached on bunt single to first, Espinosa scored, Graterol to second. Calhoun singled to shallow left center, Graterol scored, Young Jr. to second. Jackson pitching for Braves. Pujols walked, Young Jr. to third, Calhoun to second. Valbuena lined into double play, second to shortstop, Calhoun doubled off second. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 3 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Flowers hit by pitch. Ruiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Flowers out at second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Simmons singled to left. Revere lined out to center. Pennington struck out swinging, Simmons stole second. Espinosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Peterson grounded out to second. Swanson grounded out to second. Inciarte lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Graterol lined out to center. Young Jr. doubled to shallow left. Calhoun flied out to left. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Kemp grounded out to third. Adams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Bonifacio in right field. Valbuena struck out swinging. Simmons walked. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Simmons out at second. Pennington singled to shallow left, Revere to second. Revere to third, Pennington to second on wild pitch by Freeman. Espinosa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Bridwell pitching for Angels. Flowers homered to right center (388 feet). Ruiz singled to center. Guerra pitching for Angels. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ruiz out at second, Santana to second on throwing error by shortstop Simmons. Peterson struck out swinging. Swanson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 7th. Motte pitching for Braves. Graterol flied out to left. Young Jr. flied out to left. Calhoun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Angels. Marte at third base. Pennington at shortstop. Inciarte singled to left center. Bonifacio flied out to left. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Krol pitching for Braves. Pujols struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Angels. Adams struck out swinging. Flowers lined out to left. Ruiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Angels 9.	Albert Pujols hits 599th HR in Angels' 9-3 win over Braves