Braves - Top 1st. Roark pitching for Nationals. Inciarte singled to right. Phillips doubled to deep center, Inciarte scored. Markakis singled to left, Phillips scored. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Roark. Kemp struck out swinging. Adams singled to right, Markakis scored, Adams to second advancing on throw. Suzuki struck out swinging. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Teheran pitching for Braves. Turner reached on infield single to second. Harper flied out to left. Turner caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Murphy popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Swanson grounded out to shortstop. Teherán grounded out to second. Inciarte lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Teheran pitching for Braves. Zimmerman flied out to right. Lind lined out to right. Drew singled to right. Goodwin homered to right (404 feet), Drew scored. Lobatón struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Roark pitching for Nationals. Phillips struck out swinging. Markakis singled to right. Kemp singled to center, Markakis to third. Markakis scored, Kemp out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Adams walked. Suzuki homered to left center (400 feet), Adams scored. Ruiz grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Santana in left field. Teheran pitching for Braves. Roark struck out swinging. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Harper singled to shallow center. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Swanson grounded out to shortstop. Teherán struck out swinging. Inciarte grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Zimmerman fouled out to first. Lind singled to left. Drew safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips, Lind to second. Goodwin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Phillips singled to shallow left. Markakis singled to center, Phillips to third. Santana walked, Markakis to second. Adams hit sacrifice fly to left, Phillips scored. Suzuki flied out to center. Ruiz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Lobatón grounded out to third. Roark grounded out to third. Turner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Gott pitching for Nationals. Swanson struck out swinging. Teherán lined out to right. Inciarte singled to left. Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop, Inciarte to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Harper lined out to right. Murphy grounded out to second. Zimmerman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Gott pitching for Nationals. Santana flied out to left. Adams singled to left. Suzuki singled to deep center, Adams to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. Adams to third, Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Gott. Swanson intentionally walked. Teherán walked, Adams scored, Suzuki to third, Swanson to second. Inciarte singled to left, Suzuki and Swanson scored, Teherán to second. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Phillips doubled to left, Teherán and Inciarte scored. Markakis walked. Santana singled to right center, Phillips scored, Markakis to second. Markakis to third, Santana to second on wild pitch by Treinen. Adams struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Teheran pitching for Braves. Lind walked. Drew reached on infield single to third, Lind to second. Goodwin struck out swinging. Lobatón grounded into double play, third to second to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Treinen pitching for Nationals. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lind at first base. Raburn in left field. Blanton pitching for Nationals. Ruiz struck out swinging. Swanson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Raburn grounded out to third. Turner grounded out to second. Harper struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Turner pitching for Nationals. Camargo hit for Freeman. Camargo grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte struck out swinging. Phillips popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Camargo at third base. Hursh pitching for Braves. Murphy grounded out to second. Ross hit for Turner. Ross grounded out to first. Lind singled to center. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 13 - Nationals 2.	Teheran leads Braves to rare series win at Nationals