Astros - Top 1st. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Springer doubled to left. Altuve struck out swinging. Reddick singled to right, Springer to third. Correa grounded into double play, second to first, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Inciarte flied out to center. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. Freeman singled to center. Kemp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. González doubled to right. McCann fouled out to catcher. Gurriel doubled to left, González scored. Bregman grounded out to third. Peacock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Markakis flied out to center. Adams flied out to left. Flowers struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Springer homered to right center (365 feet). Altuve reached on infield single to second. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Altuve out at second. Correa singled to right center, Reddick to third. González hit by pitch, Correa to second. McCann lined out to shortstop. Gurriel doubled to left, Reddick, Correa and González scored, Gurriel to third advancing on throw. Bregman intentionally walked. Peacock grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Swanson struck out swinging. Newcomb struck out looking. Inciarte singled to right. Phillips lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Springer singled to deep left. Altuve flied out to right. Reddick singled to right, Springer to second. Correa walked, Springer to third, Reddick to second. Jackson pitching for Braves. González reached on infield single to second, Springer scored, Reddick to third, Correa to second. McCann grounded into double play, first to pitcher to catcher, Reddick scored, Correa out at home, González to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Aoki in left field. González at shortstop. Peacock pitching for Astros. Freeman flied out to center. Kemp struck out swinging. Markakis singled to shallow right center. Adams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Gurriel singled to center. Bregman doubled to left, Gurriel scored. Peacock walked. Springer walked, Bregman to third, Peacock to second. Altuve doubled to deep right center, Bregman and Peacock scored, Springer thrown out at home. Reddick flied out to center, Altuve to third. Aoki flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Flowers struck out swinging. Swanson walked. Adams hit for Jackson. Adams struck out looking. Inciarte lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Brothers pitching for Braves. González popped out to second. McCann grounded out to second. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Phillips flied out to left. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Brothers pitching for Braves. Bregman doubled to deep center. Peacock grounded out to second, Bregman to third. Springer struck out swinging. Altuve homered to left center (408 feet), Bregman scored. Reddick popped out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Markakis doubled to deep right. Adams reached on infield single to pitcher, Markakis to third. Flowers hit ground rule double to deep center, Markakis scored, Adams to third. Swanson walked. Santana hit for Brothers. Santana singled to right, Adams and Flowers scored, Swanson to third. Tolliver pitching for Astros. Santana out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Inciarte flied out to right. Phillips walked. Freeman lined out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Santana at second base. Krol pitching for Braves. Aoki grounded out to pitcher. González struck out looking. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Kemp walked. Feliz pitching for Astros. Markakis struck out swinging. Adams doubled to right, Kemp to third. Flowers hit sacrifice fly to center, Kemp scored, Adams to third. Swanson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Braves. Gurriel flied out to center. Bregman singled to center. Marisnick hit for Feliz. Marisnick flied out to center. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop, Bregman to second. Altuve walked, Bregman to third, Springer to second. Reddick homered to right center (417 feet), Bregman, Springer and Altuve scored. Aoki grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Marisnick in right field. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Santana grounded out to second. Inciarte grounded out to pitcher. Camargo hit for Motte. Camargo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 16 - Braves 4.	Astros show why they're the best in blowout win over Braves