Marlins - Top 1st. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Gordon tripled to deep center. Stanton struck out swinging. Yelich singled to right, Gordon scored. Yelich stole second. Ozuna tripled to deep right, Yelich scored. Realmuto struck out swinging. Anderson singled to center, Ozuna scored. Ellis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Straily pitching for Marlins. Inciarte walked. Albies struck out swinging. Freeman popped out to shortstop. Inciarte stole second. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Aviles grounded out to second. Straily struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Suzuki fouled out to third. Ruiz singled to center. Swanson reached on infield single to second, Ruiz to second, Ruiz to third, Swanson to second on throwing error by second baseman Gordon. Peterson singled to left, Ruiz and Swanson scored. Newcomb sacrificed to first, Peterson to second. Inciarte grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Stanton flied out to right. Yelich lined out to center. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Straily pitching for Marlins. Albies popped out to second. Freeman walked. Kemp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freeman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Realmuto singled to left. Anderson singled to left, Realmuto to second. Ellis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second, Realmuto to third. Aviles intentionally walked. Straily struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Suzuki hit by pitch. Ruiz flied out to left. Swanson popped out to third. Peterson singled to left, Suzuki to second. Newcomb grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at third, Peterson to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Stanton singled to left. Yelich walked, Stanton to second. Ozuna flied out to right. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stanton out at third, Yelich to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Straily pitching for Marlins. Inciarte tripled to right. Albies hit sacrifice fly to right, Inciarte scored. Freeman struck out swinging. Kemp homered to left center (394 feet). Suzuki singled to left. Ruiz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Anderson walked. Sims pitching for Braves. Ellis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. Aviles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Swanson struck out swinging. Peterson flied out to left. Johnson hit for Sims. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Moore hit for Ellington. Moore flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Stanton walked. Yelich walked, Stanton to second. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Ozuna singled to center, Stanton scored, Yelich to third. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ozuna out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. García pitching for Marlins. Inciarte singled to left. Albies struck out swinging. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Inciarte out at second. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Kemp struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Adams in left field. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Anderson safe at first on error by second baseman Albies. Ellis sacrificed to first, Anderson to second. Dietrich hit for Aviles. Dietrich struck out swinging. Suzuki hit for Steckenrider. Suzuki singled to shallow left, Anderson scored. Gordon singled to left, Suzuki to second. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Rojas at shortstop. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Suzuki flied out to right. Ruiz struck out swinging. Swanson singled to left. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Brothers pitching for Braves. Yelich struck out looking. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Ziegler pitching for Marlins. Adams hit for Brothers. Adams doubled to deep left. Markakis ran for Adams. Inciarte grounded out to first, Markakis to third. Albies doubled to deep right center, Markakis scored. Freeman intentionally walked. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Albies out at third, Freeman to second. Suzuki singled to left, Freeman scored, Adams to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Braves 6.	Suzuki, Braves rally with 2 runs in 9th, beat Marlins 6-5