Marlins - Top 1st. Fried pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to second. Stanton homered to center (456 feet). Yelich grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Conley pitching for Marlins. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Albies struck out swinging. Freeman singled to right. Kemp singled to deep left, Freeman to second. Suzuki hit by pitch, Freeman to third, Kemp to second. Swanson fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Fried pitching for Braves. Realmuto struck out swinging. Anderson singled to left. Ellis walked, Anderson to second. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ellis out at second, Anderson to third. Conley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Camargo flied out to right. Adams walked. Fried sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Adams to second. Inciarte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fried out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Fried pitching for Braves. Gordon lined out to right. Stanton grounded out to second. Yelich lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Conley pitching for Marlins. Albies flied out to center. Freeman grounded out to first. Kemp flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Fried pitching for Braves. Ozuna singled to right. Realmuto tripled to deep left, Ozuna scored. Anderson singled to right, Realmuto scored. Ellis safe at second on error by first baseman Freeman, Anderson to third. Rojas grounded out to shortstop, Anderson scored. Conley struck out swinging. Gordon singled to center, Ellis to third. Sims pitching for Braves. Stanton grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Suzuki singled to center. Swanson struck out swinging. Camargo homered to left (378 feet), Suzuki scored. Adams singled to left. Sims sacrificed to first, Adams to second. Inciarte reached on bunt single to pitcher, Adams to third. Albies doubled to left, Adams scored, Inciarte to third. Freeman flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Sims pitching for Braves. Yelich doubled to deep left. Ozuna struck out swinging. Realmuto singled to right, Yelich scored, Realmuto to second advancing on throw. Anderson popped out to third. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Conley pitching for Marlins. Kemp lined out to left. Suzuki singled to left. Swanson walked, Suzuki to second. Camargo singled to left, Suzuki scored, Swanson to second, Swanson to third, Camargo thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Adams grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Sims pitching for Braves. Rojas grounded out to third. McGowan struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Peterson hit for Sims. McGowan pitching for Marlins. Peterson singled to left. Inciarte singled to left, Peterson to second. Albies flied out to left. Freeman singled to right, Peterson scored, Inciarte to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Suzuki popped out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Yelich doubled to deep left. Ozuna lined into double play, left to second, Yelich doubled off second. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Swanson walked. Camargo flied out to right. Swanson stole second. Adams struck out swinging. Adams hit for Ramírez. Adams fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Freeman pitching for Braves. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Ellis struck out swinging. Rojas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Steckenrider pitching for Marlins. Inciarte lined out to right. Albies struck out swinging. Freeman walked. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Adams in left field. Markakis in right field. Vizcaíno pitching for Braves. Suzuki hit for Steckenrider. Suzuki walked. Gordon flied out to left. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at second. Yelich walked, Stanton to second. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Suzuki singled to center. Johnson ran for Suzuki. Johnson to second on wild pitch by Barraclough. Swanson walked. Camargo sacrificed to pitcher, Johnson to third, Swanson to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at home. Markakis walked, Swanson to third, Adams to second. Inciarte walked, Swanson scored, Adams to third, Markakis to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Braves 6.	Inciarte's bases-loaded walk lifts Braves past Marlins, 6-5