Nationals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Span grounded out to first . Rendon grounded out to second . Werth flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Pagan grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to right . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Pence to second . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . LaRoche flied out to center . Zimmerman popped out to third . Desmond singled to center . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Morse singled to center . Colvin tripled to deep right center , Morse scored . Crawford grounded out to second , Colvin scored . Adrianza grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Lobaton grounded out to pitcher . Treinen struck out looking . Span struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Pagan grounded out to second . Pence walked . Posey flied out to center . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Rendon grounded out to third . Werth lined out to center . LaRoche singled to center . LaRoche to second on passed ball by Posey . Zimmerman singled to right , LaRoche scored . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zimmerman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Morse singled to center . Colvin walked , Morse to second . Crawford walked , Morse to third , Colvin to second . Adrianza struck out swinging . Hudson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Frandsen singled to left . Lobaton singled to right center , Frandsen to third . Treinen struck out bunting foul . Span grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Lobaton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Pagan struck out looking . Pence singled to center . Posey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Rendon struck out swinging . Werth walked . LaRoche walked , Werth to second . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Werth out at third , LaRoche to second . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Sandoval singled to left . Morse singled to center , Sandoval to third . Sandoval scored , Morse to second on balk by Stammen . Colvin popped out to second . Crawford reached on infield single to second , Morse to third . Blanco hit for Adrianza . Blanco singled to left , Morse scored , Crawford to second . Hudson struck out bunting foul . Pagan lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Hicks at second base . Hudson pitching for Giants . Frandsen grounded out to shortstop . Lobaton singled to right center . Dobbs hit for Stammen . Dobbs struck out swinging . Span flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Pence singled to left . Pence to second on wild pitch by Barrett . Posey grounded out to pitcher , Pence to third . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to center , Pence scored . Morse popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Machi pitching for Giants . Rendon singled to center . Werth grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rendon out at second . LaRoche lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Barrett pitching for Nationals . Colvin singled to left center . Crawford doubled to left , Colvin to third . Hicks struck out swinging . Sanchez hit for Machi . Sanchez singled to right center , Colvin and Crawford scored . Pagan flied out to left . Pence walked , Sanchez to second . Posey flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Sanchez catching . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . Frandsen hit by pitch . Lobaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Giants 7 .	Hudson quiets Nats ' bats ; Giants avoid sweep