Padres - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Venable safe at first on error by second baseman Panik . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Venable out at second . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Hahn pitching for Padres . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Pence struck out swinging . Posey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Headley walked . Grandal grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Headley out at second . Goebbert lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Hahn pitching for Padres . Sandoval struck out swinging . Morse flied out to right . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Maybin singled to right . Amarista singled to center , Maybin to third , Amarista to second advancing on throw . Hahn struck out looking . Venable hit sacrifice fly to right , Maybin scored , Amarista to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Hahn pitching for Padres . Crawford struck out swinging . Panik struck out looking . Hudson fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Smith walked . Headley grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Smith out at second . Grandal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Hahn pitching for Padres . Blanco lined out to first . Pence popped out to shortstop . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Goebbert singled to right . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goebbert safe at third on error by second baseman Panik . Amarista doubled to deep right , Goebbert scored , Maybin to third . Hahn grounded out to shortstop . Venable grounded out to first , Maybin scored , Amarista to third . Cabrera lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Hahn pitching for Padres . Sandoval reached on infield single to second . Morse singled to right , Sandoval to third . Colvin grounded out to second , Sandoval scored , Morse to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Panik walked . Hudson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Smith singled to left . Headley singled to left , Smith to second . Grandal singled to deep left center , Smith thrown out at home , Grandal to second , Headley to second , Headley to third advancing on throw . Goebbert hit by pitch . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop , Headley scored , Grandal to third , Goebbert to second . Amarista singled to right , Grandal and Goebbert scored , Maybin to third , Amarista to second advancing on throw . Hahn struck out swinging . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Venable grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Hahn pitching for Padres . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Pence struck out swinging . Posey doubled to deep left , Blanco scored . Sandoval lined out to second . Morse lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Cabrera grounded out to first . Smith grounded out to first . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Torres pitching for Padres . Colvin struck out swinging . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crawford out at second . Hicks hit for Affeldt . Thayer pitching for Padres . Hicks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Grandal flied out to right . Medica hit for Goebbert . Medica homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Maybin grounded out to second . Amarista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Medica at first base . Boyer pitching for Padres . Peterson at second base . Blanco grounded out to second . Pence grounded out to second . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Petit pitching for Giants . Peterson flied out to left . Venable struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Smith singled to right , Cabrera to second . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Boyer pitching for Padres . Sandoval struck out swinging . Morse grounded out to third . Colvin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 7 - Giants 2 .	Amarista has 3 RBIs in Padres victory