Giants - Top 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pagan flied out to left . Panik singled to center . Posey singled to left , Panik to third . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pence homered to right center ( 398 feet ) , Panik and Posey scored . Arias walked . Blanco walked , Arias to second . Crawford singled to right , Arias scored , Blanco to second , Blanco thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . Stubbs flied out to center . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Hudson struck out swinging . Pagan singled to left center . Panik lined into double play , to first , Pagan doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to right . McKenry struck out swinging . Rutledge hit by pitch , Dickerson to second . LeMahieu tripled to deep right , Dickerson and Rutledge scored . Morales bunt grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Posey fouled out to first . Sandoval grounded out to third . Pence grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . Stubbs struck out swinging . Morneau lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Arias singled to left . Blanco singled to right , Arias to third . Crawford singled to left center , Arias scored , Blanco to second . Hudson struck out swinging . Pagan lined out to left . Panik popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Arenado grounded out to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . McKenry singled to right center . Rutledge singled to center , McKenry to third . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Posey doubled to deep left . Sandoval grounded out to third . Pence intentionally walked . Arias walked , Posey to third , Pence to second . Flande pitching for Rockies . Ynoa at second base . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey scored , Arias out at second , Pence to third . Crawford doubled to deep right , Pence scored , Blanco to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Ynoa reached on infield single to shortstop . Blackmon flied out to center . Stubbs safe at first on error by third baseman Sandoval , Ynoa to second . Morneau lined out to center . Arenado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Flande pitching for Rockies . Pagan lined out to right . Panik grounded out to first . Posey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for Giants . Dickerson walked . McKenry singled to center , Dickerson to second . Rutledge singled to right , Dickerson scored , McKenry to third . McBride hit for Flande . McBride grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McKenry scored , Rutledge safe at second on error by second baseman Panik . Lopez pitching for Giants . Ynoa singled to center , Rutledge scored , McBride to third . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McBride scored , Ynoa out at second . Machi pitching for Giants . Stubbs struck out looking , Blackmon stole second . Morneau intentionally walked . Arenado lined out to center . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Nicasio pitching for Rockies . Sandoval singled to left . Pence lined out to center . Arias flied out to center . Blanco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Machi pitching for Giants . Dickerson struck out swinging , Dickerson safe at first on wild pitch by Machi . McKenry sacrificed to catcher , Dickerson to second . Rutledge singled to left center , Dickerson scored . Paulsen hit for Nicasio . Paulsen homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Rutledge scored . Ynoa popped out to second . Blackmon lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Barnes in left field . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Crawford flied out to right . Susac hit for Machi . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Ishikawa hit for Susac . Ishikawa lined out to first . Pagan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Strickland pitching for Giants . Stubbs singled to left center . Morneau singled to left center , Stubbs to second . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Morneau caught stealing second , catcher to second , Stubbs to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Barnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Panik doubled to left . Posey singled to center , Panik scored . Perez ran for Posey . Perez to second on wild pitch by Hawkins . Sandoval singled to center , Perez scored . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval out at second . Arias grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pence out at second . Blanco struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Quiroz catching . McKenry singled to center . Rutledge sacrificed to third , McKenry to second . Culberson hit for Hawkins . Culberson fouled out to catcher . Ynoa reached on infield single to shortstop , McKenry to third . Blackmon singled to right , McKenry scored , Ynoa to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 9 - Rockies 10 .	Rockies top Giants after resumed - game loss