Orioles - Top 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy singled to center . Markakis singled to shallow center , Markakis out at second , Hardy to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored . Guerrero singled to right . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Escobar grounded out to third . Patterson grounded out to pitcher . Bautista walked . Lind doubled to right , Bautista scored . Arencibia flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Lee flied out to right . Scott grounded out to third . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Encarnacion flied out to right . Hill hit ground rule double to right . Davis struck out looking . Nix grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Andino flied out to right . Hardy doubled to deep left . Markakis walked . Jones flied out to right . Guerrero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Escobar singled to center . Patterson reached on bunt single to second , Escobar to second . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Patterson out at second , Escobar to third , Escobar scored on throwing error by second baseman Andino . Lind walked , Bautista to second . Arencibia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lind out at second , Bautista to third . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters flied out to center . Lee flied out to right . Scott reached on bunt single to pitcher . Reynolds singled to shallow left , Scott to second . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop . Davis flied out to right . Nix hit by pitch , Hill to second . Escobar singled to center , Hill scored , Nix to third . Patterson grounded out to first , Nix scored , Escobar to second . Bautista intentionally walked . Lind grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis struck out looking . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Arencibia flied out to center . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Hill lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Guerrero grounded out to third . Wieters grounded out to second . Lee flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Davis struck out swinging . Nix singled to center . Nix to second on wild pitch by Jakubauskas . Escobar walked . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Patterson struck out swinging . Bautista walked , Nix to third , Escobar to second . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Scott reached on bunt single to pitcher . Reynolds walked , Scott to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Scott to third , Reynolds to second on wild pitch by Frasor . Andino hit sacrifice fly to right , Scott scored , Reynolds to third . Hardy doubled to deep right , Reynolds scored . Markakis grounded out to first , Hardy to third . Jones grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Accardo pitching for Orioles . Arencibia doubled to deep center . Arencibia out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Hill homered to left ( 353 feet ) . Davis singled to center . Nix struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Guerrero walked . Wieters homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Guerrero scored . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Lee struck out swinging . Scott singled to center . Pie ran for Scott . Reynolds struck out looking . Andino struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Pie in left field . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Escobar out at second . Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop , Patterson to second . Lind walked , Patterson to third , Bautista to second . Arencibia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Patterson out at home , Bautista to third , Lind to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis doubled to left . Jones struck out swinging . Guerrero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Hill lined out to second . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Nix struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 10th . Rauch pitching for Blue Jays . Wieters flied out to center . Lee walked . Pie singled to right , Lee to second . Reynolds struck out looking . Andino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 10th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Escobar popped out to second . Patterson struck out looking . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 11th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Hardy flied out to center . Markakis singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 11th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Lind homered to right ( 404 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Blue Jays 6 .	Jays walk off Orioles in 11