Orioles - Top 1st . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to third . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Kinsler doubled to deep left . Andrus walked . Hamilton walked , Kinsler to third , Andrus to second . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to left , Kinsler scored . Young doubled to deep right , Andrus scored , Hamilton to third . Cruz singled to center , Hamilton and Young scored . Moreland struck out looking . Cruz caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher . Wieters doubled to deep right . Reynolds struck out swinging . Lee homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Wieters scored . Pie grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Napoli fouled out to right . Chavez singled to left center . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Andino flied out to right . Hardy grounded out to third . Markakis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Andrus reached on infield single to third . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus out at second . Beltre flied out to left , Hamilton to second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Jones flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cruz walked . Moreland singled to right , Cruz to second . Napoli grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Moreland out at second , Cruz to third . Chavez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Reynolds struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Pie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus doubled to left center . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop , Andrus to third . Beltre doubled to left , Andrus scored . Young singled to center , Beltre scored . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Andino reached on infield single to shortstop . Hardy walked , Andino to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hardy out at second , Andino to third . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . Chavez doubled to deep left . Chavez stole third . Kinsler singled to shallow center , Chavez scored . Andrus doubled to deep left , Kinsler scored . Hamilton popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Guerrero homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Wieters flied out to center . Reynolds flied out to right . Lee struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Beltre doubled to deep right center . Young singled to right center , Beltre scored . Cruz struck out swinging . Moreland singled to left , Young to second . Napoli homered to right ( 392 feet ) , Young and Moreland scored . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Gentry in center field . Blanco at third base . Chavez in left field . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Pie flied out to right . Andino doubled to right . Hardy grounded out to third . Markakis singled to center , Andino scored . Jones hit by pitch , Markakis to second . Guerrero singled to left , Markakis scored , Jones to second . Wieters flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Andrus singled to center . Gentry struck out swinging . Blanco singled to center , Andrus to second . Murphy hit for Young . Murphy singled to left , Andrus to third , Blanco to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus scored , Murphy out at second , Blanco to third . Moreland flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Reynolds singled to left . Lee struck out swinging . Pie fouled out to third . Andino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Rangers 13 .	Rangers cap sweep in rout