Orioles - Top 1st . Weiland pitching for Red Sox . Hardy popped out to first . Markakis struck out looking . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Atkins pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury singled to center . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellsbury out at second . Gonzalez walked , Pedroia to second . Youkilis reached on infield single to third , Pedroia to third , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz singled to center , Pedroia scored , Gonzalez to third , Youkilis to second . Reddick hit sacrifice fly to left , Gonzalez scored , Youkilis to third . Varitek grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Weiland pitching for Red Sox . Guerrero grounded out to third . Wieters walked . Lee homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Wieters scored . Reynolds hit ground rule double to deep center . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop . Andino singled to right , Reynolds scored , Reimold to third . Hardy grounded out to catcher , Andino to second . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop , Reimold scored , Andino to third . Jones singled to left , Andino scored , Markakis to third . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop , Markakis scored , Jones to second . Wieters flied out to center . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Atkins pitching for Orioles . Drew grounded out to first . Scutaro homered to left ( 347 feet ) . Ellsbury flied out to right . Pedroia homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Youkilis homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Gonzalez scored . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ortiz flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Weiland pitching for Red Sox . Lee struck out looking . Reynolds hit by pitch . Reimold grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Davis at second base . Andino at third base . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Reddick struck out swinging . Varitek hit ground rule double to deep center . Drew flied out to center . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Weiland pitching for Red Sox . Andino walked . Andino caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hardy flied out to right . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher . Pedroia doubled to left . Gonzalez singled to left center , Pedroia to third . Youkilis hit by pitch , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz walked , Pedroia scored , Gonzalez to third , Youkilis to second . Reddick flied out to left . Varitek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Weiland pitching for Red Sox . Jones tripled to deep center . Guerrero hit by pitch . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Wieters struck out swinging . Lee struck out swinging . Davis lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Drew grounded out to second . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Ellsbury walked . Pedroia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Reimold struck out swinging . Andino flied out to center . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . Berken pitching for Orioles . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Aceves pitching for Red Sox . Markakis grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Pie hit for Guerrero . Pie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Reddick struck out swinging . Varitek doubled to left . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop , Varitek to third . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Varitek out at home , Drew to second . Ellsbury singled to right , Drew scored , Scutaro to third . Pedroia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Wieters grounded out to second . Lee struck out looking . Davis bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Uehara pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Youkilis struck out swinging . Ortiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Reimold struck out looking . Andino grounded out to third . Hardy walked . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Red Sox 8 .	Red Sox finish sweep of O 's \n\n