Orioles - Top 1st . Nova pitching for Yankees . Hardy flied out to center . Markakis lined out to center . Jones singled to center . Guerrero singled to center , Jones to third . Reynolds walked , Guerrero to second . Wieters lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Britton pitching for Orioles . Jeter struck out looking . Granderson singled to center . Teixeira walked , Granderson to second . Cano singled to left , Granderson scored , Teixeira to second , Teixeira to third on throwing error by left fielder Reimold . Swisher safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Teixeira scored , Cano to second . Jones doubled to deep left center , Cano scored , Swisher to third . Martin singled to right , Swisher scored , Jones to third . Nunez singled to center , Jones scored , Martin to second . Gardner reached on infield single to pitcher , Martin to third , Nunez to second . Jeter singled to right , Martin and Nunez scored , Gardner to second , Gardner to third , Jeter to second advancing on throw . Berken pitching for Orioles . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira doubled to right , Gardner and Jeter scored . Cano singled to center , Teixeira scored . Swisher homered to right ( 412 feet ) , Cano scored . Jones walked . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 12 Runs , 10 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Reimold grounded out to third . Bell struck out looking . Andino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Nunez tripled to deep center . Gardner grounded out to shortstop , Nunez scored . Jeter struck out looking . Granderson singled to right . Teixeira singled to left , Granderson to second . Cano doubled to deep left , Granderson and Teixeira scored . Swisher grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis doubled to deep left . Jones struck out swinging . Guerrero doubled to deep center , Markakis scored . Reynolds flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Jones homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Martin walked . Nunez flied out to left . Gardner fouled out to third . Jeter flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Wieters fouled out to left . Reimold struck out swinging . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Granderson singled to right . Teixeira flied out to center . Cano singled to left , Granderson to second . Swisher singled to center , Granderson to third , Cano to second . Jones popped out to second . Martin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Andino flied out to center . Hardy flied out to right . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Nunez lined out to second . Gardner grounded out to first . Jeter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Jones struck out swinging . Guerrero homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Reynolds flied out to right . Wieters singled to right center . Reimold struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Davis at shortstop . Pie in center field . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Granderson doubled to left . Teixeira flied out to left . Cano doubled to deep left , Granderson scored . Cervelli ran for Cano . Swisher struck out swinging . Cervelli to third on passed ball by Wieters . Jones struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Cervelli at third base . Nunez at second base . Nova pitching for Yankees . Bell flied out to left . Andino flied out to right . Pie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Tatum at first base . Reynolds at third base . Bell in right field . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Martin doubled to left . Nunez popped out to shortstop . Gardner walked . Jeter singled to left , Martin to third , Gardner to second . Granderson lined out to catcher , Martin out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Cervelli catching . Swisher in right field . Jones in left field . Martin at third base . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Tatum grounded out to shortstop . Davis singled to right . Guerrero singled to center , Davis to second . Reynolds singled to center , Davis scored , Guerrero to second . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reynolds out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Teixeira reached on infield single to second . Patton pitching for Orioles . Cervelli struck out looking . Swisher singled to left , Teixeira to second . Jones popped out to catcher . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Reimold grounded out to second . Bell struck out swinging . Andino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Yankees 17 .	Yanks set record ; sweep twinbill vs. Orioles