Orioles - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Royals . Hardy fouled out to catcher . Markakis fouled out to left . Jones doubled to deep center . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Britton pitching for Orioles . Gordon doubled to deep right . Cabrera sacrificed to first , Gordon to third , Cabrera safe at first on error by pitcher Britton . Gordon to third on error by pitcher Britton . Butler doubled to deep right , Gordon scored , Cabrera to third . Hosmer struck out swinging . Francoeur reached on infield single to third , Cabrera scored , Butler to third . Navarro grounded out to third , Butler scored , Francoeur to second . Getz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Royals . Reynolds flied out to right . Wieters struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Escobar lined out to right . Pina grounded out to second . Gordon singled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Gordon to second . Butler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Royals . Reimold grounded out to second . Andino doubled to left . Hardy flied out to right . Markakis singled to right , Andino scored . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur singled to right . Navarro struck out looking . Getz singled to right , Francoeur to third . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Royals . Guerrero doubled to deep left center . Reynolds flied out to left , Guerrero to third . Wieters singled to center , Guerrero scored . Davis struck out swinging . Reimold singled to left , Wieters to second . Andino grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Pina struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right . Cabrera flied out to right . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Royals . Hardy homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Markakis doubled to deep left . Jones fouled out to first . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Markakis out at third . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Guerrero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Hosmer singled to right . Francoeur popped out to second . Navarro grounded out to pitcher , Hosmer to second . Getz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Royals . Wieters doubled to deep right . Davis doubled to deep left , Wieters scored . Wood pitching for Royals . Reimold walked . Andino sacrificed to third , Davis to third , Reimold to second . Hardy popped out to first . Markakis intentionally walked . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Escobar lined out to left . Pina doubled to deep center . Gordon singled to right , Pina to third . Cabrera singled to left , Pina scored , Gordon to second . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Butler singled to left , Gordon scored , Cabrera to second . Hosmer struck out swinging . Francoeur reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Butler to second . Navarro doubled to left , Cabrera and Butler scored , Francoeur to third . Getz singled to right center , Francoeur and Navarro scored . Escobar reached on infield single to pitcher , Getz to second , Getz to third , Escobar to second on throwing error by pitcher Johnson . Pina grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Royals . Guerrero flied out to left . Reynolds struck out looking . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Davis at second base . Andino at shortstop . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Gordon grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to left . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Collins pitching for Royals . Davis grounded out to first . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Andino doubled to center . Andino to third on wild pitch by Collins . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to third . Navarro walked . Getz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Markakis lined out to right . Jones singled to left . Guerrero singled to right , Jones to second . Reynolds grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero out at second , Jones to third . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Royals 9 .	Gordon , Navarro combine to lift Royals over O 's