Tigers - Top 1st . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Jackson reached on infield single to third . Dirks bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jackson out at second . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dirks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Reimold singled to center . Hardy lined out to left . Markakis homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Reimold scored . Jones hit by pitch . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez singled to right , Cabrera to third . Peralta popped out to first . Raburn struck out swinging . Avila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Reynolds struck out swinging . Davis singled to right center . Tatum reached on infield single to shortstop , Davis to second . Andino singled to left , Davis scored , Tatum to second . Reimold grounded out to third , Tatum to third , Andino to second . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Santiago homered to left ( 388 feet ) . Jackson flied out to center . Dirks flied out to center . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Markakis struck out looking . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Guerrero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Martinez struck out looking . Peralta walked . Raburn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Reynolds popped out to third . Davis struck out looking . Tatum doubled to deep right . Andino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Avila walked . Santiago grounded into double play , third to second to first , Avila out at second . Jackson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Reimold doubled to left . Hardy lined out to pitcher . Markakis singled to left , Reimold scored . Jones singled to center , Markakis to third , Jones to second advancing on throw . Guerrero singled to deep left , Markakis and Jones scored . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . Davis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Reyes pitching for Orioles . Dirks grounded out to pitcher . Ordonez flied out to center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Tatum safe at first on error by third baseman Raburn . Tatum stole second . Andino grounded out to shortstop , Tatum to third . Reimold walked . Hardy struck out looking . Markakis singled to left center , Tatum scored , Reimold to third . Pauley pitching for Tigers . Jones singled to right , Reimold scored , Markakis to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Eyre pitching for Orioles . Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Peralta flied out to center . Raburn singled to deep right , Martinez to third . Avila struck out swinging . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Pauley pitching for Tigers . Reynolds struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Tatum grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Orioles . Jackson singled to left center . Dirks grounded out to first , Jackson to second . Ordonez safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Andino flied out to center . Reimold doubled to right . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Martinez singled to right center . Rhymes ran for Martinez . Peralta singled to left , Rhymes to second . Raburn singled to right , Rhymes to third , Peralta to second . Avila walked , Rhymes scored , Peralta to third , Raburn to second . Santiago walked , Peralta scored , Raburn to third , Avila to second . Jackson singled to left , Raburn scored , Avila to third , Santiago to second . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Dirks struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop , Avila scored , Santiago to third , Jackson to second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Boesch hit for Rhymes . Boesch flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Orioles 8 .	Markakis homers to help O 's avert Tigers sweep\n