Orioles - Top 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Hardy grounded out to pitcher . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop . Jones singled to left , Markakis to second . Guerrero singled to right , Markakis thrown out at home , Jones to third . Wieters grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Bourjos flied out to center . Callaspo grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Reynolds singled to center . Andino singled to center , Reynolds to third . Reimold singled to center , Reynolds scored , Andino to third . Bell struck out looking . Hardy doubled to left , Andino scored , Reimold to third . Markakis grounded out to second , Reimold scored , Hardy to third . Jones flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Hunter singled to center . Trumbo singled to left , Hunter to second . Kendrick hit by pitch , Hunter to third , Trumbo to second . Aybar grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hunter scored , Kendrick out at second , Trumbo to third . Trout grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Guerrero grounded out to third . Wieters singled to right . Reynolds grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Conger grounded out to second . Bourjos reached on bunt single to pitcher . Callaspo singled to right , Bourjos to third . Abreu doubled to deep left , Bourjos and Callaspo scored . Hunter grounded out to shortstop , Abreu to third . Trumbo doubled to right , Abreu scored . Kendrick hit ground rule double to deep left , Trumbo scored . Aybar grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Andino grounded out to shortstop . Reimold flied out to center . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Trout flied out to right . Conger fouled out to first . Bourjos popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Hardy flied out to left . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Jones homered to left center ( 394 feet ) . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Callaspo flied out to center . Abreu singled to center . Hunter grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Wieters flied out to center . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Andino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Trumbo singled to center , Trumbo to second on error by center fielder Jones . Kendrick flied out to right . Aybar grounded out to first , Trumbo to third . Trout grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reimold out at second . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Hunter pitching for Orioles . Conger flied out to right . Bourjos homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Callaspo flied out to center . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Callaspo flied out to center . Abreu flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Markakis singled to left . Jones singled to left , Markakis to third . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Markakis scored , Jones to second . Walden pitching for Angels . Wieters singled to center , Jones scored , Wieters out stretching at second . Reynolds struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Hunter walked . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hunter out at second . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Andino walked . Andino stole second . Reimold flied out to center . Bell struck out looking . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Aybar bunt grounded out to pitcher . Trout lined out to center . Conger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 10th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Markakis singled to center . Jones flied out to left . Guerrero grounded into double play , third to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 10th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Bourjos struck out looking . Callaspo grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 11th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Wieters singled to left . Reynolds bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wieters out at second . Andino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 11th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Hunter grounded out to second . Trumbo struck out looking . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 12th . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Reimold grounded out to shortstop . Bell walked . Hardy singled to center , Bell to second . Markakis popped out to first . Rodney pitching for Angels . Jones singled to right , Bell scored , Hardy to third , Hardy scored , Jones to third on throwing error by right fielder Hunter . Guerrero flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 12th . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Aybar singled to right . Trout hit by pitch , Aybar to second . Conger sacrificed to third , Aybar to third , Trout to second , Conger safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bell . Aybar scored , Trout to third on throwing error by third baseman Bell . Wells ran for Conger . Bourjos reached on infield single to third , Wells to second . Callaspo walked , Trout scored , Wells to third , Bourjos to second . Patton pitching for Orioles . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Wells scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Orioles 8 - Angels 9 .	Angels come from behind to beat Orioles in 12th