Orioles - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Angle singled to center . Angle stole second . Hardy walked . Markakis singled to right , Angle scored , Hardy to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Hardy scored . Markakis stole second . Davis singled to right , Markakis scored , Davis to second on error by catcher Varitek . Andino grounded out to third , Davis to third . Reimold fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury singled to right . Scutaro flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to center , Ellsbury to third . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ellsbury scored , Gonzalez out at second . Ortiz doubled to left , Pedroia to third . Lowrie homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Pedroia and Ortiz scored . Jackson popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Adams singled to left . Tatum grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Adams out at second . Angle grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Matusz pitching for Orioles . Varitek walked . McDonald singled to left , Varitek to second . Ellsbury flied out to center , Varitek to third . Scutaro doubled to left , Varitek scored , McDonald thrown out at home . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Pedroia singled to right , Scutaro scored , Gonzalez to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Hardy grounded out to second . Markakis flied out to left . Guerrero struck out swinging , Guerrero safe at first on wild pitch by Lackey . Davis singled to right , Guerrero to third . Andino walked , Davis to second . Reimold singled to shallow right , Guerrero and Davis scored , Andino to third . Adams struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Lowrie walked . Jackson lined out to center . Lowrie stole second . Varitek struck out swinging . McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop , Lowrie scored , McDonald to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy . Ellsbury doubled to deep left , McDonald scored . Scutaro singled to center , Ellsbury scored . Gonzalez singled to left , Scutaro to second . Berken pitching for Orioles . Pedroia singled to right center , Scutaro scored , Gonzalez to third . Ortiz reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez scored , Pedroia to second . Lowrie struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Tatum struck out swinging . Angle singled to left . Angle stole second . Hardy grounded out to third . Markakis tripled to deep right , Angle scored . Guerrero flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Jackson walked . Varitek struck out swinging . McDonald grounded out to pitcher , Jackson to second . Ellsbury grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Davis doubled to left . Andino reached on infield single to third , Davis to third . Andino stole second . Reimold hit sacrifice fly to right , Davis scored , Andino to third . Adams singled to center , Andino scored . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Tatum grounded into double play , third to second to first , Adams out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Scutaro grounded out to second . Gonzalez walked . Pedroia walked , Gonzalez to second . Phillips pitching for Orioles . Ortiz flied out to center . Lowrie lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Angle safe at first on error by pitcher Atchison . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Angle out at second . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Markakis walked . Guerrero doubled to deep right , Markakis scored , Guerrero out stretching at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Accardo pitching for Orioles . Jackson popped out to third . Varitek struck out swinging . McDonald flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Morales pitching for Red Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Albers pitching for Red Sox . Andino struck out looking . Reimold struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Accardo pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury inside - the - park home run to deep center . Scutaro singled to shallow left . Gonzalez singled to left , Scutaro to third . Anderson ran for Gonzalez . Pedroia singled to right , Scutaro scored , Anderson to second . Rapada pitching for Orioles . Ortiz walked , Anderson to third , Pedroia to second . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Lowrie singled to right , Anderson scored , Pedroia to third , Ortiz to second . Jackson homered to left ( 381 feet ) , Pedroia , Ortiz and Lowrie scored . Varitek struck out swinging . McDonald flied out to right . Ellsbury grounded out to third . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Iglesias at shortstop . Anderson at first base . Gathright in left field . Bowden pitching for Red Sox . Adams lined out to left . Tatum lined out to shortstop . Angle walked . Fox hit for Hardy . Fox flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Angle in right field . Fox at first base . Hudson in center field . Florimon at shortstop . Bell at third base . Gregg pitching for Orioles . Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Aviles hit for Pedroia . Aviles fouled out to catcher . Ortiz walked , Iglesias to second . Reddick ran for Ortiz . Lowrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Aviles at second base . Bowden pitching for Red Sox . Bell struck out swinging . Guerrero singled to deep right . Jones ran for Guerrero . Hudson struck out swinging . Florimon safe at first on error by first baseman Anderson , Jones to second . Reimold fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 9 - Red Sox 18 .	Red Sox split DH ; lead at 2