Rockies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blackmon struck out swinging . Hampson flied out to left . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Duggar singled to right center . Solarte popped out to second . Pillar lined into double play , second to first , Duggar doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Story singled to center . Reynolds struck out swinging . Desmond grounded into double play , pitcher to first to third , Story out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Posey singled to center . Longoria walked , Posey to second . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Longoria to second , Posey out at third . Panik popped out to third . Bumgarner popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Daza bunt grounded out to third . Iannetta struck out swinging . Freeland struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Parra singled to left center . Duggar reached on infield single to second , Parra to second . Solarte sacrificed to pitcher , Duggar to second , Parra to third . Pillar hit sacrifice fly to center , Parra scored , Duggar to third . Posey doubled to right , Duggar scored . Longoria struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Blackmon singled to right center . Hampson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blackmon out at second . Arenado flied out to right . Story lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Sandoval doubled to right . Panik flied out to left . Bumgarner singled to left , Sandoval to third . Parra struck out swinging . Duggar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Desmond flied out to right . Daza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Solarte grounded out to shortstop . Pillar homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Posey struck out swinging . Longoria tripled to deep right . Sandoval struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Iannetta singled to deep right center . Fuentes hit for Freeland . Fuentes struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iannetta out at second . Hampson doubled to left , Blackmon scored , Hampson safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Arenado struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Panik walked . Bumgarner struck out looking . Parra singled to left , Panik to second . Duggar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parra out at second , Panik to third . Solarte lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Story grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Desmond lined out to left . Daza lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Pillar grounded out to third . Posey lined out to center . Longoria grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Iannetta doubled to deep left . Moronta pitching for Giants . Sandoval at third base . Belt at first base . Valaika hit for Shaw . Tapia hit for Valaika . Tapia struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Oh pitching for Rockies . Sandoval struck out , Sandoval to first on wild pitch by Oh . Panik singled to right , Sandoval to second . Belt walked , Panik to second , Sandoval to third . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Parra hit sacrifice fly to center , Sandoval scored , Panik to third . Duggar hit sacrifice fly to right , Panik scored . Belt to second on passed ball by . Solarte grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Crawford at shortstop . Arenado grounded out to third . Story grounded out to second . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Giants 5 .	Bumgarner , Giants work fast , send Rockies to 8th loss in row