Rockies - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Blackmon singled to left . Story struck out swinging . Dahl lined out to left . Arenado doubled to right , Blackmon to third . Tapia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Frazier grounded out to second . Marte hit by pitch . Marte stole second . Polanco homered to center ( 436 feet ) , Marte scored . Bell walked . Cabrera doubled to left , Bell scored , Cabrera to third . Moran singled to right , Cabrera scored . Díaz grounded out to pitcher , Moran to second . Newman intentionally walked . Lyles grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Pirates . McMahon struck out swinging . Rodgers flied out to right . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Frazier flied out to left . Marte bunt grounded out to pitcher . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Senzatela struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to second . Story struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Bell doubled to deep right center . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Bell to third . Moran singled to right , Bell scored . Díaz singled to right , Moran to second . Newman walked , Díaz to second , Moran to third . Lyles singled to right , Díaz scored and Moran scored , Newman to third . Frazier lined into double play , second to first , Lyles out at second in rundown . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Dahl grounded out to catcher . Arenado flied out to center . Tapia grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Desmond in center field . Desmond in center field . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Marte doubled to right . Polanco struck out swinging . Bell singled to right , Marte scored . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to first , Bell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . McMahon grounded out to shortstop . Rodgers grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Moran flied out to center . Díaz popped out to second . Newman reached on infield single to third . Lyles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Lyles pitching for Pirates . Bettis struck out swinging . Desmond doubled to deep right center . Story grounded out to shortstop . Dahl singled to left center , Desmond scored . Arenado singled to right center , Dahl to third . Tapia singled to right center , Dahl scored , Arenado to third . McMahon walked , Tapia to second . Rodgers singled to center , Arenado scored and Tapia scored , McMahon to second . Hartlieb pitching for Pirates . Rodgers to second on wild pitch by Hartlieb , McMahon to third on wild pitch by Hartlieb . Iannetta walked . Murphy hit for Bettis . Murphy singled to center , McMahon scored and Rodgers scored , Iannetta to second , Iannetta safe at third on error by center fielder Marte . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Frazier singled to center . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Frazier out at second . Polanco grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Story reached on bunt single to catcher . Dahl singled to left center , Story to second . Arenado grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Dahl out at second , Story to third . Tapia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Bell homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Cabrera struck out looking . Moran doubled to right center . Díaz walked . Newman grounded out to first , Díaz to second , Moran to third . Reynolds hit for Crick . Reynolds homered to center ( 411 feet ) , Moran scored and Díaz scored . Frazier safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Rodgers . Marte homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Frazier scored . McGee pitching for Rockies . Polanco flied out to left . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Reynolds in left field . McMahon struck out looking . Rodgers struck out swinging . Iannetta flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Bell struck out swinging . Elmore hit for Liriano . Elmore flied out to left . Moran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . DuRapau pitching for Pirates . Reynolds hit for Almonte . Reynolds grounded out to second . Desmond struck out looking . Story singled to center . Dahl flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Pirates 14 .	Pirates slug 4 homers , beat Rockies 14 - 6