Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dyson singled to deep center . Marte singled to right , Dyson to second . Escobar lined out to center , Dyson to third . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to second . Story struck out swinging . Dahl flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Walker lined out to second . Locastro doubled to deep left . Ahmed flied out to right , Locastro to third . Avila intentionally walked . Avila stole second . Kelly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado reached on infield single to first . Murphy grounded into double play , to first , Arenado out at second in rundown . McMahon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dyson grounded out to first . Marte grounded out to second . Escobar homered to right center ( 416 feet ) . Jones grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to right . Iannetta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Desmond out at second . Senzatela struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Walker flied out to left . Locastro reached on infield single to third . Ahmed singled to right , Locastro to second . Avila grounded out to first , Ahmed to second , Locastro to third . Kelly lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia doubled to right center . Story grounded out to shortstop . Dahl grounded out to second , Tapia to third . Arenado walked , Tapia scored on Kelly wild pitch . Murphy doubled to right , Arenado scored . McMahon grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dyson lined out to center . Marte doubled to left center . Escobar singled to center , Marte scored . Jones flied out to center . Escobar to second on balk . Escobar to second on balk . Walker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond struck out looking . Iannetta singled to right . Senzatela sacrificed to first , Iannetta to second . Tapia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Locastro popped out to second . Ahmed singled to right . Avila walked , Ahmed to second . Kelly sacrificed to first , Avila to second , Ahmed to third . Dyson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Story grounded out to third . Dahl struck out swinging . Arenado popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Marte lined out to right . Escobar safe at second on error by shortstop Story . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Walker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Kelly pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out looking . McMahon grounded out to second . Desmond singled to center . Iannetta homered to left center ( 411 feet ) , Desmond scored . Crichton pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds hit for Díaz . Reynolds lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Locastro hit by pitch . Ahmed struck out looking . Avila grounded out to pitcher , Locastro to second . Cron hit for Crichton . Cron grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia lined out to center . Story walked . Dahl lined out to center . Arenado walked , Story to second . Murphy walked , Arenado to second , Story to third . McMahon doubled to deep left , Story scored and Arenado scored , Murphy to third . Desmond grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Dyson struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 6 .	Iannetta homers in 7th , Rox beat D'backs 6 - 2 on rainy night