Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon flied out to center . Story grounded out to second . Dahl grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Dyson struck out swinging . Marte singled to center . Peralta singled to left , Marte to second . Jones grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado singled to left center . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . McMahon singled to right . Tapia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Escobar walked . Walker singled to right , Escobar to third . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar scored on error by second baseman McMahon , Walker safe at second on error by second baseman McMahon . Kelly flied out to center , Walker to third . Greinke grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Walker scored , Ahmed out at second . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters grounded out to shortstop . Gray grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Marte singled to right . Peralta grounded out to pitcher , Marte to second . Jones struck out swinging , Marte stole third . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Story flied out to right . Dahl singled to center . Arenado struck out swinging . Murphy homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Dahl scored . McMahon grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Kelly lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia lined out to center . Wolters grounded out to second . Gray struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Greinke singled to center , Greinke thrown out at second . Dyson walked . Marte struck out swinging . Dyson stole second . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Story singled to deep right center , Story thrown out at second . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Valaika at shortstop . Gray pitching for Rockies . Jones popped out to first . Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Valaika . Walker singled to center , Escobar to third . Ahmed flied out to right . Kelly grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado singled to right . Murphy singled to center , Arenado to second . McMahon doubled to deep left center , Murphy scored and Arenado scored . Tapia singled to center , McMahon to third . Wolters singled to left , McMahon scored , Tapia to second . Desmond hit for Gray . Desmond lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Tapia out at second . Blackmon singled to right , Wolters to third . Valaika flied out to left . 3 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Locastro hit for Greinke . Locastro hit by pitch . Dyson singled to shallow center , Locastro to second . Marte popped out to shortstop . Peralta singled to center , Locastro scored , Dyson to second . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl doubled to center . Arenado fouled out to first . Murphy grounded out to second , Dahl to third . McMahon singled to center , Dahl scored . Tapia struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Escobar lined out to left . Walker struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters singled to center . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds hit for Oberg . Wolters scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Blackmon lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Kelly struck out swinging . Cron hit for López . Cron homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Dyson struck out swinging . Marte singled to center . Marte to second on fielder 's indifference . Peralta lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Diamondbacks 4 .	McMahon drives in 3 , Rockies rally past Diamondbacks 6 - 4