Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to second . Story struck out swinging . Dahl singled to center . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dyson flied out to left . Marte grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy lined out to left . McMahon grounded out to first . Tapia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Walker singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . Lamb grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters singled to right . Senzatela struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Blackmon safe at second on interference by pitcher Greinke , Wolters safe at second on error by shortstop Ahmed , Wolters safe at third on error by firs . Story flied out to right . Dahl struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Ahmed struck out looking . Avila singled to deep center . Greinke grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to second . McMahon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dyson lined out to center . Marte singled to right center . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Marte out at second in rundown . Walker homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Escobar scored . Jones grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia struck out swinging . Wolters lined out to first . Senzatela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to right . Ahmed walked , Lamb to second . Avila doubled to right , Ahmed scored and Lamb scored . Greinke flied out to right . Dyson singled to right center , Avila to third . Dyson stole second . Marte walked . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center , Avila scored , Dyson to third . Walker homered to center ( 431 feet ) , Dyson scored and Marte scored . Jones singled to center . Lamb walked , Jones to second . Lamb to second on wild pitch by Tinoco , Jones to third on wild pitch by Tinoco . Ahmed struck out looking . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Story singled to center . Dahl grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Story out at second . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Avila walked . Greinke flied out to left . Dyson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Avila out at second . Marte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . McMahon grounded out to first . Tapia doubled to center . Wolters grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hampson in center field . Dahl in right field . Valaika at third base . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Escobar grounded out to first . Walker grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Escobar at third base . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lamb at first base . Vargas at second base . Reynolds hit for Tinoco . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hampson struck out looking . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out looking . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Locastro in left field . Leyba at second base . Vargas at third base . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl grounded out to first . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . Murphy walked . McMahon doubled to left , Murphy to third . Tapia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Diamondbacks 8 .	Walker homers twice , Diamondbacks rout Rockies 8 - 0