Rockies - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Yankees . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story flied out to center . Arenado singled to center . Murphy singled to deep right , Arenado to third . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Judge grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Yankees . McMahon homered to center ( 407 feet ) . Reynolds struck out swinging . Iannetta reached on infield single to shortstop . Hampson doubled to left , Iannetta scored , Hampson safe at third on error by shortstop Torres . Blackmon flied into double play , left to catcher , Hampson out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Encarnación struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Voit walked . Torres singled to deep center , Voit to second . Urshela flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Yankees . Story struck out swinging . Arenado walked . Murphy struck out swinging . Desmond singled to right , Arenado thrown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Tauchman struck out swinging . LeMahieu singled to right . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second . Sánchez walked , Judge to second , LeMahieu to third . Encarnación homered to left ( 364 feet ) , LeMahieu scored , Judge scored and Sánchez scored . Hicks struck out swinging . Voit grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Yankees . McMahon struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . Iannetta doubled to right center . Hampson walked . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Torres singled to left . Urshela grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Torres out at second . Tauchman doubled to shallow left . LeMahieu singled to left , Tauchman scored . Judge struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Yankees . Story lined out to left . Arenado lined out to second . Murphy reached first base on catcher 's interference , Murphy to first on error by catcher Sánchez . Desmond doubled to left , Murphy to third . McMahon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación flied out to center . Hicks singled to right . Voit reached on infield single to second , Hicks to third . Torres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Ottavino pitching for Yankees . Reynolds struck out looking . Iannetta struck out swinging . Hampson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Urshela flied out to center . Tauchman singled to center . Tauchman stole second , Tauchman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Iannetta . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tauchman scored . Judge homered to right center ( 413 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Sánchez popped out to first . Encarnación popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story reached on infield single to second . Arenado struck out looking . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Hicks singled to center . Voit struck out swinging . Torres fouled out to first . Urshela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Desmond lined out to right . McMahon struck out swinging . Reynolds fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Tauchman singled to left center . LeMahieu popped out to second . Judge walked , Tauchman to second . Sánchez flied out to center , Judge to second , Tauchman to third . Encarnación flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Iannetta struck out swinging . Hampson lined out to first . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Yankees 8 .	Encarnación , ex - Rockies help Yankees beat Colorado 8 - 2