Rockies - Top 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Blackmon lined out to left . Story grounded out to third . Dahl grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . LeMahieu singled to left . Judge doubled to deep left center , LeMahieu scored . Hicks flied out to center , Judge to third . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Judge out at home . Voit grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Arenado flied out to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Gregorius doubled to left . Torres singled to left , Gregorius scored on throwing error by pitcher Senzatela , Torres safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Senzatela . Romine singled to deep right center , Torres scored . Gardner struck out swinging . Romine stole second . LeMahieu walked . Judge walked , LeMahieu to second , Romine to third . Hicks singled to right center , Romine scored , Judge to second , LeMahieu to third . Encarnación doubled to left , LeMahieu scored and Judge scored , Hicks to third . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Voit walked . Gregorius popped out to third . Torres lined out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . McMahon grounded out to first . Tapia grounded out to first . Wolters singled to center . Blackmon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Romine grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to first . LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher , LeMahieu safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bettis . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Story singled to center . Dahl struck out swinging . Arenado flied out to center . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Hicks walked . Encarnación fouled out to third . Voit hit by pitch , Hicks to second . Gregorius reached on infield single to second , Hicks scored , Voit to third . Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Bettis . Torres singled to left , Voit scored and Gregorius scored . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Romine singled to left , Torres to second . Gardner struck out looking . LeMahieu flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . LeMahieu at first base . Urshela at third base . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Desmond lined out to first . McMahon grounded out to second . Tapia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Judge struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Tauchman in right field . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Wolters grounded out to first . Blackmon singled to left center . Story doubled to third , Blackmon scored , Story to third . Dahl walked . Arenado homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Story scored and Dahl scored . Murphy doubled to right . Desmond singled to right , Murphy scored . McMahon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Desmond out at second . Tapia struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Urshela grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius struck out swinging . Torres singled to center . Romine flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Wolters grounded out to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . Story grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Gardner walked . LeMahieu singled to deep right , Gardner to third . Tauchman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner scored , LeMahieu out at second . Hicks struck out swinging . Díaz pitching for Rockies . Encarnación singled to center , Tauchman scored , Encarnación to second . Urshela struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Dahl grounded out to first . Hampson hit for Arenado . Hampson struck out looking . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Hampson at second base . McMahon at third base . Diaz pitching for Rockies . Gregorius grounded out to third . Torres struck out swinging . Romine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Hale pitching for Yankees . Desmond grounded out to first . McMahon lined out to left . Tapia grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Yankees 11 .	Hot day , hot bats : Yanks torch Rockies 11 - 5 , win 5th in row