Padres - Top 1st . Lambert pitching for Rockies . Garcia walked . Martini lined out to second . Machado flied out to right , Garcia safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Blackmon . Hosmer walked . Myers doubled to left center , Garcia scored and Hosmer scored . Naylor grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lauer pitching for Padres . Story flied out to center . Murphy lined out to right . Arenado walked . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Lambert pitching for Rockies . Urías grounded out to pitcher . Hedges grounded out to pitcher . Lauer grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lauer pitching for Padres . Desmond popped out to second . Hampson popped out to first . Valaika doubled to deep center . Wolters doubled to deep left , Valaika scored . Lambert walked . Story singled to center , Wolters scored , Lambert to third . Murphy singled to left , Lambert scored , Story to second . Arenado struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Lambert pitching for Rockies . Garcia flied out to left . Martini grounded out to second . Machado grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lauer pitching for Padres . Blackmon homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Desmond lined out to third . Hampson safe at first on error by pitcher Lauer . Valaika singled to right , Hampson scored on error by right fielder Naylor , Valaika safe at third on error by right fielder Naylor . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Wolters singled to center , Valaika scored . Lambert sacrificed to first , Wolters to second . Story walked . Murphy singled to shallow left , Wolters scored , Story to third . Murphy to second on wild pitch by Perdomo . Arenado doubled to deep center , Murphy scored and Story scored . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Lambert pitching for Rockies . Hosmer singled to center . Myers lined out to shortstop . Naylor flied out to center . Urías grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Desmond grounded out to third . Hampson grounded out to pitcher . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Lambert pitching for Rockies . Hedges singled to center . Mejias - Brean hit for Perdomo . Mejias - Brean doubled to deep center , Hedges to third . Garcia grounded out to second , Hedges scored , Mejias - Brean to third , Perdomo to third . Martini tripled to deep right center , Mejias - Brean scored . Machado walked . Hosmer grounded out to second , Martini scored , Machado to second . Myers grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Padres . Mejias - Brean at first base . Wolters flied out to center . Alonso hit for Lambert . Alonso struck out swinging . Story doubled to deep right . Story to third on wild pitch by Reyes . Murphy doubled to deep right , Story scored . Arenado grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Almonte pitching for Rockies . Naylor singled to left . Urías flied out to right . Hedges struck out swinging . Mejias - Brean struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Padres . Blackmon hit by pitch . Desmond struck out looking . Hampson struck out swinging . Valaika struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Pazos pitching for Rockies . Garcia walked . Martini struck out swinging . Harvey pitching for Rockies . Machado hit by pitch , Garcia to second . France hit for Reyes . France flied out to right , Garcia to third . Myers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wingenter pitching for Padres . Wolters hit by pitch . Tapia hit for Harvey . Tapia struck out swinging . Wolters to second on wild pitch by Wingenter . Story grounded out to second , Wolters to third . Murphy singled to right center , Wolters scored . Arenado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Diehl pitching for Rockies . Naylor doubled to deep center . Urías doubled to deep right , Naylor scored . Parsons pitching for Rockies . Hedges walked . Mejias - Brean grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hedges to second , Urías out at third . Howard pitching for Rockies . Garcia walked , Mejias - Brean to second , Hedges to third . Margot hit for Martini . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Margot grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hedges scored , Garcia to second , Mejias - Brean out at third . Machado homered to right ( 368 feet ) , Garcia scored and Margot scored . Jankowski hit for Wingenter . Jankowski reached on infield single to pitcher . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Jankowski caught stealing second , catcher to second . Jesus Tinoco pitches to Wil Myers . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Margot in center field . Bednar pitching for Padres . Myers in left field . Blackmon flied out to left . Desmond flied out to left . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Myers struck out swinging . Naylor walked . Urías grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Naylor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 10 - Rockies 11 .	Blackmon homers in 6 - run inning , Rockies beat Padres 11 - 10