Yankees - Top 1st . Price pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury hit by pitch . Young singled to center , Ellsbury to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira walked , Ellsbury to third , Young to second . McCann singled to left , Ellsbury scored , Young to third , Teixeira to second . Beltrán struck out swinging . Headley singled to left , Young scored , Teixeira to third , McCann to second . Petit doubled to deep left center , Teixeira , McCann and Headley scored . Gregorius walked . Ellsbury singled to center , Petit scored , Gregorius to second , Gregorius to third , Ellsbury to second on throwing error by left fielder Céspedes . Young flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Warren pitching for Yankees . Gose walked . Kinsler lined out to center . Cabrera walked , Gose to second . Martínez walked , Gose to third , Cabrera to second . J.D. Martinez walked , Gose scored , Cabrera to third , Martínez to second . Céspedes reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera scored , Martínez to third , J.D. Martinez to second . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martínez scored , Céspedes out at second , J.D. Martinez to third . Avila singled to left center , J.D. Martinez scored , Castellanos to second . Iglesias popped out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Price pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez flied out to left . Teixeira lined out to left . McCann singled to center . Beltrán tripled to deep left center , McCann scored . Headley tripled to deep right center , Beltrán scored . Petit intentionally walked . Gregorius flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Warren pitching for Yankees . Gose struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Price pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury singled to center . Young flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to center , Ellsbury to second . Nesbitt pitching for Tigers . Teixeira lined out to center , Ellsbury to third . McCann flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Warren pitching for Yankees . Martínez flied out to center . J.D. Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius . Céspedes fouled out to first . Castellanos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Nesbitt pitching for Tigers . Beltrán singled to center . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltrán safe at second on error by shortstop Iglesias . Petit sacrificed to pitcher , Beltrán to third , Headley to second . Gregorius doubled to deep right , Beltrán and Headley scored . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Young popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Avila lined out to right . Iglesias singled to right center . Gose grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iglesias out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez walked . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . McCann grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Kinsler lined out to left . Cabrera singled to shallow right . Martínez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Krol pitching for Tigers . Beltrán popped out to second . Headley struck out swinging . Petit walked . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Warren pitching for Yankees . J.D. Martinez grounded out to second . Céspedes singled to right center . Castellanos struck out looking . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Young singled to right . Rodriguez walked , Young to second . Teixeira homered to right center ( 382 feet ) , Young and Rodriguez scored . McCann struck out swinging . Beltrán lined out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Iglesias walked . Gose struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iglesias out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Pérez at second base . McCann catching . Romine in left field . Avila at first base . Chamberlain pitching for Tigers . Headley flied out to left . Petit grounded out to second . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Murphy catching . Young in center field . Jones in left field . McCann at first base . Carpenter pitching for Yankees . Davis hit for Martínez . Davis singled to center . J.D. Martinez flied out to right . Romine struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers . Jones popped out to second . Young doubled to left . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Avila grounded out to second . Iglesias struck out swinging . Gose struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 13 - Tigers 4 .	Yankees pound Price , Tigers in 13 - 4 rout