Tigers - Top 1st . Salazar pitching for Indians . Davis struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to right . Martínez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Price pitching for Tigers . Kipnis singled to deep right . Lindor lined out to left . Brantley struck out swinging . Raburn singled to left , Kipnis to second . Santana flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Céspedes grounded out to pitcher . Castellanos struck out swinging . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Price pitching for Tigers . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Moss struck out swinging . Urshela grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Salazar pitching for Indians . Romine homered to right ( 353 feet ) . Gose grounded out to second . Davis walked . Kinsler struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Price pitching for Tigers . Pérez doubled to deep right . Kipnis reached on infield single to catcher , Pérez to third . Lindor hit sacrifice fly to right , Pérez scored . Brantley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kipnis out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Martínez doubled to deep right center . Céspedes struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out swinging . McCann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Price pitching for Tigers . Raburn doubled to left . Santana struck out swinging . Aviles singled to shallow left , Raburn to third . Moss struck out looking . Urshela flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Salazar pitching for Indians . Romine doubled to deep left . Gose struck out swinging . Davis walked . Kinsler walked , Romine to third , Davis to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Romine scored on throwing error by pitcher Salazar , Davis to third , Kinsler to second . Martínez singled to shallow left center , Davis scored , Kinsler to third , Cabrera to second . Céspedes singled to center , Kinsler and Cabrera scored , Martínez to second . McAllister pitching for Indians . Castellanos doubled to deep right , Martínez and Céspedes scored . McCann struck out looking . Romine popped out to third . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 5th . Price pitching for Tigers . Pérez struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Gose struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Kinsler flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Price pitching for Tigers . Brantley flied out to left . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Santana singled to center . Aviles lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Adams pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to right . Martínez popped out to third . Céspedes flied out to right . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Price pitching for Tigers . Moss flied out to left . Urshela singled to center . Pérez struck out looking . Kipnis doubled to deep right , Urshela to third . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Lindor lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Indians . McCann struck out swinging . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Romine struck out swinging . Gose grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Raburn struck out swinging . Santana popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Davis singled to left . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Davis out at second . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Murphy hit for Aviles . Murphy singled to shallow left . Moss singled to right , Murphy to second . Urshela grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy safe at third on error by third baseman Castellanos , Moss to second . Pérez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Murphy scored , Urshela out at second , Moss to third . Kipnis doubled to deep center , Moss scored . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Tigers 7 - Indians 3 .	Tigers beat Indians again 7 - 3