Dodgers - Top 1st . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Izturis doubled to center . Choi singled to center , Izturis scored . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choi out at second . Kent grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein singled to center . Walker grounded out to first , Eckstein to second . Pujols walked . Edmonds flied out to left . Rolen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Bradley grounded out to first . Ledee grounded out to third . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Sanders fouled out to catcher . Grudzielanek grounded out to first . Diaz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Robles flied out to center . Erickson struck out looking . Izturis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Morris grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein singled to center . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Eckstein out at second . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Choi struck out swinging . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop . Kent flied out to right . Bradley walked , Drew to second . Ledee singled to right , Drew scored , Bradley to second . Phillips singled to center , Bradley scored , Ledee to second . Robles grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Edmonds singled to center . Rolen homered to left center , Edmonds scored . Sanders homered to left . Grudzielanek fouled out to first . Diaz flied out to right . Morris grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Erickson grounded out to second . Izturis flied out to center . Choi walked . Drew grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Erickson pitching for Dodgers . Eckstein fouled out to right . Walker hit ground rule double to deep left . Pujols singled to right , Walker scored . Edmonds reached on bunt single to third , Pujols to second . Rolen grounded out to pitcher , Pujols to third , Edmonds to second . Sanders homered to left , Pujols and Edmonds scored . Alvarez pitching for Dodgers . Grudzielanek doubled to left . Nunez at third base . Diaz popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Morris pitching for Cardinals . Kent homered to left . Jarvis pitching for Cardinals . Bradley singled to center . Ledee hit by pitch , Bradley to second . Phillips lined out to right . Grabowski hit for Alvarez . Robles lined out to left . Grabowski walked , Bradley to third , Ledee to second . Izturis singled to center , Bradley and Ledee scored , Grabowski to second . Choi homered to center , Grabowski and Izturis scored . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Cedeno hit for Jarvis . Drew grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Schmoll pitching for Dodgers . Cedeno grounded out to second . Eckstein walked . Walker singled to center , Eckstein to third . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to right , Eckstein scored . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Kent grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to left center . Ledee struck out swinging . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Phillips grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Nunez walked . Sanders flied out to center . Grudzielanek singled to left , Nunez to second . Diaz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grudzielanek out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Edwards hit for Sanchez . Flores pitching for Cardinals . Robles popped out to shortstop . Edwards reached on infield single to shortstop . Izturis flied out to left . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Mabry hit for Flores . Choi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Mabry grounded out to second . Eckstein singled to center . Eckstein to second on wild pitch by Carrara . Walker walked . King pitching for Cardinals . Mabry in right field . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . King pitching for Cardinals . Drew grounded out to first . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Kent walked . Bradley reached on bunt single to third , Kent to second . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Repko in left field . Ledee grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Bradley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Edmonds struck out swinging . Nunez singled to left center . Sanders struck out swinging . Grudzielanek lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Cardinals 8 .	Rolen leaves with shoulder sprain in Cards ' loss