Dodgers - Top 1st . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Robles walked . Edwards flied out to right . Werth singled to left , Robles to third . Choi walked , Werth to second . Perez grounded out to pitcher , Robles scored , Werth to third . Phillips homered to left , Werth and Choi scored . Grabowski grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Helton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Repko hit by pitch . Penny sacrificed to catcher , Repko to second . Robles flied out to center , Repko to third . Edwards lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Wilson doubled to deep left center . Atkins flied out to center , Wilson to third . Hawpe grounded out to pitcher . Garabito safe at first on error by third baseman Edwards , Wilson scored . Ardoin walked , Garabito to second . Chacon flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Werth doubled to deep left . Choi flied out to center , Werth to third . Perez reached on infield single to shortstop . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Perez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan singled to center . Miles singled to right center , Sullivan to third . Helton struck out swinging . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Grabowski grounded out to shortstop . Repko doubled to center . Penny struck out swinging . Robles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Atkins singled to right . Hawpe walked , Atkins to second . Garabito singled to left center , Atkins to third , Hawpe to second . Ardoin popped out to first . Chacon struck out swinging . Sullivan singled to center , Atkins and Hawpe scored , Garabito to second , Garabito to third , Sullivan to second on throwing error by center fielder Repko . Miles popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Edwards singled to left center . Werth hit by pitch , Edwards to second . Choi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Werth out at second , Edwards to third . Perez grounded out to second , Edwards scored , Choi to second . Phillips popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Helton singled to right . Wilson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Helton out at second . Atkins singled to center . Hawpe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Grabowski grounded out to first . Repko doubled to left . Penny struck out looking . Robles lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Garabito flied out to center . Mohr hit for Chacon . Ardoin grounded out to third . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Mohr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Edwards walked . Werth flied out to right . Choi singled to center , Edwards to second . Perez homered to right , Edwards and Choi scored . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Ross in right field . Grabowski fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Sullivan lined out to left . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Helton doubled to deep left . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Wilson walked . Atkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Repko struck out swinging . Sanchez flied out to center . Robles singled to left . Edwards struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe singled to left center . Garabito walked , Hawpe to second . Piedra hit for Cortes . Ardoin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garabito out at second , Hawpe to third . Piedra hit sacrifice fly to left , Hawpe scored . Sullivan singled to left , Ardoin to second . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sullivan out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Rockies . Werth struck out swinging . Choi grounded out to first . Perez singled to center . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . Helton flied out to left . Wilson singled to center . Atkins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wilson out at second . Atkins to second on fielder 's indifference . Hawpe singled to right , Atkins scored . Hawpe to second on fielder 's indifference . Garabito grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 9 - Rockies 5 .	Injury - riddled Dodgers slug their way to win at Coors