Athletics - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Ellis flied out to right. Singleton doubled to right. Tejada grounded out to third. Chavez singled to right center, Singleton scored. Dye popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher. Winn singled to right, Suzuki to third. Boone hit ground rule double to center, Suzuki scored, Winn to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right, Winn scored, Boone to third. Colbrunn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Boone out at home, Colbrunn to second advancing on play. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Durazo grounded out to second. Long grounded out to third. Piatt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Cirillo grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Wilson singled to left. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hernandez homered to right. Ellis walked. Singleton flied out to right. Tejada singled to left, Ellis to second. Chavez lined into double play, to shortstop, Ellis doubled off second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Winn struck out looking. Boone popped out to second. Martinez singled to center. Colbrunn flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Dye flied out to left. Durazo grounded out to second. Long grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop. Cirillo sacrificed to pitcher, Guillen to third. Bloomquist walked. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bloomquist out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Piatt grounded out to third. Hernandez flied out to center. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Winn struck out swinging. Boone grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Singleton reached on infield single to second. Tejada flied out to deep left, Singleton to second. Chavez reached on infield single to first, Singleton to third. Dye hit sacrifice fly to right, Singleton scored, Chavez to second. Durazo fouled out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Martinez flied out to right. Colbrunn grounded out to third. Guillen singled to center. Cirillo homered to left, Guillen scored. Olerud at first base. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Long flied out to center. Piatt struck out looking. Hernandez walked. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Mulder pitching for Athletics. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Cameron in center field. Winn in left field. Winn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rhodes pitching for Mariners. Singleton struck out looking. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Fikac pitching for Athletics. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Fikac pitching for Athletics. Boone singled to left. Martinez flied out to deep center. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Olerud popped out to shortstop. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Guillen popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Dye singled to left. Durazo flied out to left. Hatteberg hit for Piatt. Long struck out looking. Byrnes ran for Dye. Hatteberg grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Mariners 4.	Cirillo's misery ends with two-run shot, dropping A's