Mariners - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Suzuki flied out to shallow center. Winn popped out to shallow center. Boone singled to center. Boone stole second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Hatteberg walked. Tejada singled to left, Hatteberg to second. Durazo singled to shallow center, Hatteberg scored, Tejada to second. Hernandez popped out to second. McMillon flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Cameron reached on bunt single to second. Colbrunn popped out to shallow right. Bloomquist grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cameron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Menechino hit by pitch. Long fouled out to left. Ellis struck out swinging. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Menechino out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Cirillo struck out swinging. Davis struck out looking. Suzuki singled to right. Winn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. Tejada flied out to left center. Durazo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Boone flied out to right center. Martinez homered to right. Cameron lined out to left center. Colbrunn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. McMillon singled to center. Menechino singled to left, McMillon to second. Long singled to right, McMillon scored, Menechino to third. Ellis popped out to second. Byrnes grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist flied out to left center. Cirillo popped out to catcher. Davis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Tejada singled to left. Durazo singled to right, Tejada to second. Hernandez safe at first on error by third baseman Cirillo, Tejada to third, Durazo to second. McMillon singled to left, Tejada scored, Durazo to third, Hernandez to second. Menechino hit sacrifice fly to left center, Durazo scored. Long grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Winn batting. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to left. Byrnes fouled out to first. Ellis stole second. Hatteberg singled to left center, Ellis scored. Taylor pitching for Mariners. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hatteberg out at second, Tejada to second on throwing error by second baseman Boone. Durazo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Cameron struck out swinging. Colbrunn struck out swinging. Bloomquist singled to right center. Cirillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Taylor pitching for Mariners. Hernandez flied out to shallow right. McMillon struck out looking. Menechino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Long in left field. Singleton in right field. Zito pitching for Athletics. Davis singled to left. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. Winn reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second. Boone singled to left, Suzuki scored, Winn to second. Bradford pitching for Athletics. Martinez flied out to deep right center, Winn to third. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Cameron popped out to shallow right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Long struck out swinging. Ellis fouled out to first. Byrnes doubled to shallow right. Byrnes to third on passed ball by Davis. Hatteberg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Colbrunn struck out swinging. Mabry hit for Cirillo. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Mabry flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 2 - Athletics 5.	Zito surrenders 10 hits -- but beats Mariners