Mariners - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to third. Boone struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Crisp homered to right. Gerut flied out to left. Bradley grounded out to second. Broussard struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Olerud grounded out to pitcher. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Blake singled to center. Hafner doubled to left center, Blake scored. Martinez flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. McDonald singled to right, Hafner scored. McDonald stole second. Crisp reached on infield single to second, McDonald to third. Gerut singled to right, McDonald scored, Crisp to third. Bradley doubled to right, Crisp and Gerut scored. Broussard walked. Blake struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Davis grounded out to second. Mabry grounded out to first. McLemore lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez singled to left. Peralta singled to left, Martinez to second. McDonald flied out to right center. Crisp singled to center, Martinez scored, Peralta to third, Crisp to second advancing on throw. Looper pitching for Mariners. Gerut flied out to right center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez singled to center. Boone homered to right, Sanchez scored. Martinez singled to center. Olerud grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Looper pitching for Mariners. Bradley singled to left. Broussard singled to right, Bradley to second, Bradley out at second trying to return to base. Blake hit by pitch, Broussard to second. Hafner homered to right center, Broussard and Blake scored. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta singled to center. McDonald grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Cameron lined out to center. Davis grounded out to second. Mabry grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Looper pitching for Mariners. Crisp grounded out to second. Gerut struck out swinging. Bradley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. McLemore singled to right. Suzuki grounded out to first, McLemore to second. Sanchez singled to center, McLemore to third. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to third, McLemore out at home, Sanchez to second. Martinez singled to right, Sanchez scored, Boone to third. Olerud homered to right, Boone and Martinez scored. Cameron singled to right. Cameron stole second. Davis safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta, Cameron to third. Cressend pitching for Indians. Mabry lined out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Broussard singled to center. Blake struck out looking. Hafner struck out swinging. Broussard stole second. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Cressend pitching for Indians. McLemore walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to first, McLemore out at second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Peralta grounded out to third. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Riske pitching for Indians. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Riske pitching for Indians. Boone flied out to center. Martinez popped out to third. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Olerud struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Gerut fouled out to catcher. Bradley struck out looking. Broussard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Indians. Cameron lined out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Mabry walked. McLemore flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Indians 10.	Indians KO Piniero, Mariners early in rout