Blue Jays - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Catalanotto popped out to pitcher. Hinske lined out to third. Wells homered to left. Delgado struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki singled to center. Sanchez lined out to left. Boone hit ground rule double to right, Suzuki to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Suzuki scored, Boone to third. Olerud struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Myers struck out swinging. Kielty popped out to shallow left. Woodward hit by pitch. Hudson flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Cameron lined out to right. Winn struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Cash flied out to right. Catalanotto singled to left. Hinske singled to center, Catalanotto to second. Catalanotto to third, Hinske to second on wild pitch by Pineiro. Wells walked. Delgado singled to center, Catalanotto and Hinske scored, Wells to third. Myers hit sacrifice fly to left, Wells scored, Delgado to third, Myers safe at second on error by left fielder Winn. Kielty intentionally walked. Woodward hit sacrifice fly to center, Delgado scored. Hudson singled to right, Myers to third, Kielty to second. Cash grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist reached on infield single to second. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Sanchez singled to right, Bloomquist to second. Boone grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Catalanotto grounded out to third. Hinske fouled out to third. Wells singled to left. Delgado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez flied out to shallow left. Olerud singled to center. Olerud to second on passed ball by Cash. Cameron grounded out to shortstop, Olerud to third. Winn lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Myers grounded out to second. Kielty grounded out to first. Woodward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson lined out to first. Bloomquist struck out looking. Suzuki singled to center. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Hudson lined out to right. Cash grounded out to pitcher. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Boone grounded out to second. Martinez homered to left. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. Cameron singled to shallow right center. Winn singled to center, Cameron to second. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Hinske grounded out to second. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Bloomquist walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bloomquist out at second. Suzuki stole second. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Boone popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Myers singled to center. Kielty flied out to center. Woodward flied out to center. Hudson walked, Myers to second. Berg ran for Myers. Benitez pitching for Mariners. Cash fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez lined out to right. Olerud grounded out to second. Cameron flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Benitez pitching for Mariners. Catalanotto struck out looking. Hinske grounded out to first. Johnson in left field. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Mabry hit for Wilson. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Winn reached on infield single to second. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Davis hit for Mabry. Davis safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske, Winn to second. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Winn to third, Davis to second. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Winn scored, Davis to third. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Boone struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Mariners 3.	Back in home state, Hendrickson beats Mariners