Cardinals - Top 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Theriot popped out to first . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Carroll singled to center . Blake struck out looking . Ethier singled to left , Carroll to second . Kemp singled to center , Carroll scored , Ethier to second . Uribe walked , Ethier to third , Kemp to second . Loney flied out to left . Hoffmann lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Holliday doubled to deep left . Berkman reached on infield single to third . Schumaker flied out to left . Holliday to third , Berkman to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Molina singled to left , Holliday scored , Berkman to third . Descalso hit sacrifice fly to right , Berkman scored . Garcia grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Ellis grounded out to third . Kuroda walked . Carroll flied out to left . Blake doubled to deep right , Kuroda to third . Ethier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Theriot bunt popped out to catcher . Rasmus tripled to deep left center . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop , Rasmus scored . Berkman grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Kemp singled to center . Kemp stole second . Uribe doubled to deep left , Kemp scored . Loney grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Hoffmann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at home . Ellis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to third . Descalso reached on infield single to third . Garcia safe at first on error by third baseman Blake , Descalso to second . Theriot singled to right , Descalso scored , Garcia thrown out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Kuroda grounded out to second . Carroll singled to left center . Carroll stole second . Blake flied out to left , Carroll to third . Carroll scored on Molina 's passed ball . Ethier grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Rasmus struck out swinging . Pujols homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Holliday flied out to center . Berkman singled to left center . Schumaker singled to center , Berkman to third . Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Kuroda . Berkman scored , Schumaker to third on wild pitch by Kuroda . Molina struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Loney singled to left . Hoffmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Descalso flied out to left . Craig hit for Garcia . Craig singled to right . Theriot grounded into double play , second to first , Craig out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Ellis popped out to catcher . Paul hit for MacDougal . Paul struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Dodgers . Rasmus singled to right . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Rasmus safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cormier . Holliday doubled to deep right , Rasmus and Pujols scored . Berkman grounded out to pitcher , Holliday to third . Schumaker grounded out to third . Molina doubled to deep right , Holliday scored . Descalso grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Ethier walked . Kemp struck out looking . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Jay hit for Boggs . Cormier pitching for Dodgers . Jay flied out to left . Theriot singled to right . Rasmus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Theriot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Jay in right field . Loney singled to left . Gwynn hit for Hoffmann . Gwynn walked , Loney to second . Ellis flied out to right . Miles hit for Cormier . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gwynn out at second , Loney to third . Carroll singled to center , Loney scored , Miles to second . Blake flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Uribe at shortstop . Gwynn in left field . Miles at second base . Pujols flied out to center . Holliday struck out swinging . Freese hit for Salas . Freese singled to left . Schumaker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Ethier grounded out to second . Kemp homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Loney grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 9 - Dodgers 5 .	Pujols powers Cards past Dodgers