Dodgers - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Gordon singled to left . Blake grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . Ethier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Victorino walked . Victorino stole second . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Victorino out at third . Utley walked , Polanco to second . Howard grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Utley out at second , Polanco to third . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Kemp doubled to deep center . Uribe lined out to second . Loney walked . Navarro singled to left , Kemp scored , Loney to second . Sands grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Navarro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz walked . Brown walked , Ruiz to second . Valdez singled to center , Ruiz to third , Brown to second . Oswalt struck out swinging . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ruiz out at home , Brown to third , Valdez to second . Polanco walked , Brown scored , Valdez to third , Victorino to second . Utley flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . De La Rosa walked . Gordon singled to right , De La Rosa to third . Blake singled to left , De La Rosa scored , Gordon to second . Ethier singled to center , Blake scored . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier out at second , Kemp to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Uribe flied out to center , Kemp to third . Loney popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Howard struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to right . Ruiz singled to left , Ibanez to second . Brown struck out swinging . Valdez singled to right , Ibanez thrown out at home , Ruiz to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Navarro flied out to center . Sands grounded out to third . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Oswalt flied out to right . Victorino flied out to left . Polanco lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Gordon reached on infield single to second . Gordon stole second . Blake sacrificed to pitcher , Gordon to third . Ethier grounded out to second . Kemp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Utley flied out to center . Howard struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Phillies . Uribe doubled to left . Loney grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Navarro popped out to first . Sands grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers . Ruiz grounded out to pitcher . Brown flied out to center . Valdez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Phillies . Thames hit for Hawksworth . Thames flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . Blake walked . Blake caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ethier batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Gload hit for Romero . Gload walked . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gload out at second . Polanco flied out to right . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Utley tripled to right , Victorino scored . Howard lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Stutes pitching for Phillies . Ethier walked . Kemp homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Ethier scored . Uribe struck out looking . Loney grounded out to first . Navarro grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Ibanez popped out to shortstop . Ruiz flied out to right . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Sands grounded out to third . Gwynn hit for Elbert . Gwynn singled to right . Gordon grounded into double play , third to first to shortstop to third to first to shortstop , Gwynn out at third , Gwynn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Gwynn in left field . Valdez grounded out to second . Rollins hit for Herndon . Rollins flied out to right . Victorino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Phillies 2 .	Dodgers light up Oswalt , roll Phils \n\n