Dodgers - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Miles grounded out to second . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Herrera bunt popped out to pitcher . Helton flied out to left . Tulowitzki walked . Smith homered to right ( 406 feet ) , Gonzalez and Tulowitzki scored . Wigginton struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Kemp flied out to center . Loney singled to right . Uribe singled to center , Loney to second . Barajas grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Uribe out at second , Loney to third . Oeltjen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . Morales struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . De La Rosa reached on infield single to second . Carroll grounded into fielder 's choice to third , De La Rosa safe at second on error by third baseman Wigginton . Miles bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , De La Rosa out at third , Carroll to second . Ethier struck out looking . Kemp walked , Carroll to third , Miles to second . Loney homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Carroll , Miles and Kemp scored . Uribe singled to left . Uribe stole second . Barajas singled to right , Uribe scored . Oeltjen singled to center , Barajas to third . De La Rosa grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to right . Gonzalez stole second . Herrera flied out to left . Helton struck out looking . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Carroll singled to left . Miles grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . Ethier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Smith walked . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smith out at second . Blackmon safe at first on error by pitcher De La Rosa . Blackmon stole second . Morales intentionally walked . Jimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Kemp homered to center ( 438 feet ) . Loney flied out to right . Uribe flied out to left . Barajas homered to center ( 425 feet ) . Oeltjen grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to left . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . De La Rosa flied out to center . Carroll doubled to center . Miles safe at first on error by catcher Morales , Carroll to third . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Nelson at second base . Ethier struck out swinging . Kemp intentionally walked , Miles to second . Loney flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Oeltjen in right field . Gwynn in left field . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Smith singled to center . Wigginton lined out to third . Blackmon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Uribe grounded out to first . Barajas singled to left center . Oeltjen walked , Barajas to second . Gwynn reached on bunt single to first , Barajas to third , Oeltjen to second , Barajas scored , Oeltjen to third on error by pitcher Brothers . Spilborghs in left field . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Carroll singled to right , Oeltjen scored , Gwynn to second . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Carroll out at second , Gwynn to third . Troncoso struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Morales hit ground rule double to deep left center . Nelson grounded out to second , Morales to third . Gonzalez homered to center ( 449 feet ) , Morales scored . Spilborghs doubled to left center . Helton lined out to pitcher . Spilborghs to third on passed ball by Barajas . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 441 feet ) , Spilborghs scored . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Smith struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Kemp struck out swinging . Loney doubled to deep right . Uribe singled to right , Loney scored . Barajas grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Uribe out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Wigginton flied out to right . Young Jr. hit for Betancourt . Young Jr. grounded out to pitcher . Morales singled to center . Nelson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Oeltjen flied out to center . Gwynn walked . Gwynn caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Carroll walked . Street pitching for Rockies . Miles singled to left , Carroll to second . Blake hit for MacDougal . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to left . Spilborghs grounded out to first . Helton homered to right center ( 433 feet ) . Tulowitzki singled to right center . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Smith grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 10 - Rockies 8 .	Loney 's slam helps Dodgers put away Rockies