Dodgers - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon flied out to center . Blake singled to center . Ethier singled to center , Blake to second . Kemp flied out to center . Rivera walked , Blake to third , Ethier to second . Miles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist doubled to deep right center . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . Upton struck out swinging . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney popped out to shortstop . Barajas flied out to left . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Montero flied out to center . Roberts singled to right center . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Parra lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon reached on bunt single to third . Gordon stole second . Blake singled to right , Gordon scored on error by right fielder Upton . Blake to second on passed ball by Montero . Ethier doubled to deep left , Blake scored . Kemp singled to right , Ethier to third . Rivera singled to left center , Ethier scored , Kemp to third . Miles hit sacrifice fly to right , Kemp scored . Loney singled to right , Rivera to third . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Barajas doubled to deep left center , Rivera and Loney scored . Billingsley struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Owings flied out to right . Bloomquist grounded out to second . Johnson walked . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake singled to right . Ethier flied out to left . Kemp fouled out to right . Blake caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rivera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Young grounded out to shortstop . Montero singled to left . Roberts flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera walked . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rivera out at second . Miles stole second . Loney grounded out to first , Miles to third . Barajas flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Parra grounded out to second . Owings flied out to right . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Billingsley flied out to right . Gordon flied out to center . Blake flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Johnson grounded out to first . Upton tripled to deep right . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored . Montero flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier fouled out to third . Kemp walked . Rivera walked , Kemp to second . Miles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Roberts walked . Goldschmidt singled to center , Roberts to second . Parra singled to right , Roberts scored , Goldschmidt to second . Burroughs hit for Owings . Burroughs singled to center , Goldschmidt to third , Parra to second . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Carroll at second base . Bloomquist reached on infield single to second , Goldschmidt scored , Parra to third , Burroughs to second . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Ransom hit for Johnson . Ransom struck out swinging . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Upton lined into double play , shortstop to second , Burroughs out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Ransom at third base . Roberts at second base . Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney struck out swinging . Barajas homered to right center ( 390 feet ) . Carroll grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gwynn in left field . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Young walked . Young stole second , Young safe at third on throwing error by pitcher MacDougal . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Young scored . Roberts walked . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Parra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Blake flied out to center . Ethier walked . Kemp struck out swinging . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gwynn popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Cowgill hit for Paterson . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Cowgill struck out looking . Bloomquist reached on infield single to second . Ransom struck out swinging . Bloomquist to second on fielder 's indifference . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Barajas , Dodgers win , deny D - backs West lead