Dodgers - Top 1st . Beachy pitching for Braves . Gordon grounded out to second . Loney flied out to left . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Bourn lined out to center . Prado reached on infield single to third . McCann walked , Prado to second . Uggla flied out to right . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Beachy pitching for Braves . Rivera struck out looking . Ethier walked . Miles lined into double play , second to first , Ethier doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Freeman singled to left . Heyward struck out swinging . Freeman to second on wild pitch by Billingsley . Gonzalez walked . Beachy sacrificed to pitcher , Freeman to third , Gonzalez to second . Bourn singled to left , Freeman scored , Gonzalez to third . Bourn stole second . Prado safe at first on error by shortstop Gordon , Gonzalez scored , Bourn to third . McCann singled to center , Bourn scored , Prado to second . Uggla flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Beachy pitching for Braves . Barajas struck out looking . Sellers popped out to second . Billingsley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Jones walked . Freeman doubled to deep left center , Jones to third . Heyward grounded out to second , Jones scored , Freeman to third . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Freeman scored . Beachy singled to center , Gonzalez thrown out at home . Bourn struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Gordon singled to center . Gordon stole second . Loney walked . Kemp hit by pitch , Gordon to third , Loney to second . Rivera singled to center , Gordon and Loney scored , Kemp to second . Ethier flied out to left . Miles grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Rivera out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Prado singled to right . McCann struck out swinging . Uggla grounded into double play , third to second to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Barajas struck out swinging . Sellers struck out looking . Billingsley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Jones singled to deep right . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Freeman flied out to left . Heyward grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Beachy pitching for Braves . Gordon singled to shallow left . Gordon stole second . Loney flied out to center . Kemp walked . Rivera singled to left , Gordon scored , Kemp to second . Kemp stole third , Rivera stole second . Ethier fouled out to third . Miles flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Wilson hit for Beachy . Wilson struck out swinging . Bourn reached on infield single to second . Bourn stole second . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Braves . Barajas struck out swinging . Sellers singled to left . Gwynn hit for Kuo . Gwynn singled to right , Sellers to second . Gordon singled to right , Sellers to third , Gwynn to second . Loney doubled to deep right , Sellers , Gwynn and Gordon scored . Loney to third on wild pitch by Vizcaino . Kemp intentionally walked . Rivera walked , Kemp to second . Martinez pitching for Braves . Ethier singled to center , Loney and Kemp scored , Rivera to second . Miles walked , Rivera to third , Ethier to second . Barajas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Miles out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Gwynn in left field . McCann flied out to left . Uggla singled to left . Jones walked , Uggla to second . Freeman lined into double play , second to shortstop , Uggla doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Martinez pitching for Braves . Sellers flied out to center . Gwynn grounded out to pitcher . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Heyward flied out to right . MacDougal pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to center . Hinske hit for Martinez . Hinske singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Bourn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hinske out at second , Gonzalez to third . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Linebrink pitching for Braves . Loney lined out to second . Kemp singled to left . Oeltjen hit for MacDougal . Kemp caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Oeltjen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . McCann struck out swinging . Uggla homered to left ( 446 feet ) . Jones walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Jones to second on fielder 's indifference . Heyward grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Braves 6 .	Dodgers pound Braves to stay hot