Devil Rays - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Zobrist grounded out to second . Gomes doubled to deep left . Wigginton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Cano reached on infield single to shortstop . Jeter flied out to center . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Cano scored . Giambi flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Young grounded out to shortstop . Dukes grounded out to second . Iwamura walked . Upton reached on infield single to second , Iwamura to second . Paul singled to left , Iwamura scored , Upton to second . Upton to third , Paul to second on wild pitch by Pettitte . Crawford walked . Upton out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Zobrist batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui struck out looking . Posada singled to left . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Posada to second . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop , Posada to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Cano flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Zobrist safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Zobrist to second on passed ball by Posada . Gomes struck out looking . Zobrist stole third . Wigginton walked . Young singled to center , Zobrist scored , Wigginton to second . Dukes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter singled to left . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez popped out to first . Giambi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Iwamura lined out to third . Upton struck out looking . Paul popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui reached on infield single to first . Posada singled to right , Matsui to third . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Cabrera grounded out to first , Posada to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Cano singled to center , Posada scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mientkiewicz scored , Cano out at second . Jeter caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Abreu batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Zobrist reached on bunt single to pitcher , Crawford to second , Crawford to third on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz . Zobrist stole second . Gomes struck out swinging . Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored , Zobrist to third . Zobrist scored on Proctor 's wild pitch . Young safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Young caught stealing second , catcher to second . Dukes batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Abreu walked . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Abreu out at second . Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Dukes homered to left . Iwamura singled to center . Upton struck out swinging . Myers pitching for Yankees . Paul singled to center , Iwamura to second . Crawford singled to center , Iwamura scored , Paul to third . Crawford caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Zobrist grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Posada singled to right center . Mientkiewicz flied out to left . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Gomes walked . Wigginton lined out to right . Gomes stole second . Young struck out swinging . Dukes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Seo pitching for Devil Rays . Cano grounded out to second . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu singled to right , Jeter to second . Rodriguez flied out to right , Jeter to third . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Lugo . Giambi walked . Matsui singled to right , Jeter and Abreu scored , Giambi to second . Cairo ran for Giambi . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Iwamura doubled to deep left center . Upton singled to right center , Iwamura to third . Iwamura scored , Upton to second on wild pitch by Vizcaino . Paul walked . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Zobrist popped out to third . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Gomes flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Mientkiewicz walked . Cabrera bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Mientkiewicz out at second . Cano singled to right , Cabrera to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Cano to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at home , Cano to third , Jeter to second . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Wigginton fouled out to first . Young grounded out to third . Dukes walked . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Phelps hit for Cairo . Iwamura grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Phelps struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 7 - Yankees 6 .	Wild pitch costly in Yanks ' loss