Mariners - Top 1st . Wang pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to second . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to center . Jeter singled to center . Abreu grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sexson struck out looking . Broussard flied out to center . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Giambi walked . Matsui flied out to center . Posada doubled to right , Giambi to third . Cano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wang pitching for Yankees . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt lined out to center . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Mientkiewicz singled to right . Cabrera reached on infield single to first , Mientkiewicz to second . Jeter reached on bunt single to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to third , Cabrera to second . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Mientkiewicz scored , Cabrera tagged out at third . Rodriguez popped out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Giambi popped out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sexson flied out to right . Broussard grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Cano lined out to center . Mientkiewicz singled to center . Cabrera flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Johjima fouled out to first . Betancourt grounded out to first . Lopez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Abreu reached on bunt single to third . Rodriguez singled to center , Abreu to third . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to second . Matsui hit by pitch , Abreu scored , Rodriguez to third , Giambi to second . Posada singled to center , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to third , Matsui to second . Cano struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Giambi out at home , Matsui to third , Posada to second . Cabrera walked , Matsui scored , Posada to third , Mientkiewicz to second . White pitching for Mariners . Jeter doubled to left , Posada and Mientkiewicz scored , Cabrera to third . Abreu lined out to center . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to left . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . White pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Phelps ran for Giambi . Giambi singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Matsui walked , Rodriguez to third , Phelps to second . Posada struck out swinging . Cano hit sacrifice fly to left , Rodriguez scored . Mientkiewicz popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Wang pitching for Yankees . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . Broussard homered to right . Guillen singled to left . Johjima grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to center . Jeter singled to left center , Cabrera to second . Cairo hit for Rodriguez . Abreu flied out to center , Cabrera to third . Cairo walked , Jeter to second . Phelps grounded out to second , Cabrera scored , Jeter to third , Cairo to second . Cairo at third base . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Matsui grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Betancourt flied out to left . Lopez struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 1 - Yankees 8 .	Wang flirts with perfection ; Yanks pound M 's