Yankees - Top 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Damon lined out to third . Abreu grounded out to first . Jeter singled to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop . Vidro grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Ibanez walked . Sexson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ibanez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Giambi walked . Matsui doubled to deep left , Giambi to third . Posada singled to center , Giambi scored , Matsui to third . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Cano lined out to right , Posada to third . Damon doubled to left center , Posada scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Abreu singled to right , Mientkiewicz scored , Damon to third . Jeter singled to right , Damon scored , Abreu to second . Rodriguez flied out to center , Abreu to third . Giambi flied out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Guillen flied out to center . Beltre doubled to right . Johjima flied out to left . Lopez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Matsui singled to center . Posada singled to center , Matsui to second . Mientkiewicz sacrificed to catcher , Matsui to third , Posada to second . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Cano singled to right , Matsui scored , Posada scored on error by right fielder Guillen . Damon flied out to right . Abreu flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Bloomquist flied out to right . Suzuki walked . Vidro doubled to left , Suzuki to third . Ibanez tripled to deep center , Suzuki and Vidro scored . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . Guillen popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Jeter singled to left . Jeter to second on wild pitch by O'Flaherty . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Giambi struck out looking . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Beltre flied out to right . Johjima singled to right . Lopez flied out to center . Bloomquist popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Posada flied out to right . Mientkiewicz lined out to second . Cano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro singled to center . Ibanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Damon lined out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to catcher . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Sexson struck out swinging . Guillen hit by pitch . Beltre lined out to center . Johjima flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Giambi flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Lopez struck out swinging . Bloomquist walked . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bloomquist out at second . Myers pitching for Yankees . Vidro doubled to right , Suzuki to third . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Ibanez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Posada singled to center . Mientkiewicz fouled out to third . Cano struck out looking . Damon safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sherrill , Posada to second . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Abreu popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Guillen singled to right . Beltre flied out to left , Guillen to second . Reitsma pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Reitsma pitching for Mariners . Jeter lined out to center . Rodriguez walked . Giambi struck out swinging , Rodriguez stole second . Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodriguez to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Posada popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Broussard hit for Bloomquist . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Lopez walked . Broussard safe at first on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz , Lopez to third . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lopez out at home , Broussard to second . Vidro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 7 - Mariners 2 .	Yanks ' DeSalvo stifles M 's for 1st big - league win