Yankees - Top 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Damon flied out to left . Abreu grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Suzuki struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to third . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Giambi grounded out to second . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Sexson singled to left . Guillen singled to left , Sexson to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sexson out at third , Guillen to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Posada grounded out to third . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Cano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Burke grounded out to third . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to second , Suzuki to third , Vidro to second on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored , Vidro to third . Sexson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ibanez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Damon grounded out to third . Abreu walked . Jeter flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to left , Abreu to second . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Guillen doubled to deep center . Beltre walked . Betancourt reached on bunt single to pitcher , Guillen to third , Beltre to second . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to left , Guillen scored , Beltre to third , Betancourt to second . Burke grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Beltre out at home , Betancourt to third . Suzuki grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada grounded out to third . Phelps grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez fouled out to catcher . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Cano struck out looking . Damon singled to left . Damon stole second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Jeter singled to left , Damon scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Guillen grounded out to third . Beltre grounded out to second . Betancourt safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Betancourt caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to first to shortstop . Lopez batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Giambi flied out to center . Matsui singled to right . Reitsma pitching for Mariners . Mientkiewicz hit for Phelps . Posada singled to center , Matsui to second . Mientkiewicz at first base . Mientkiewicz grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Burke grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to center . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Vidro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Cano flied out to left . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Abreu struck out swinging . Jeter walked , Damon to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Ibanez grounded out to second . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Sexson singled to right . Ellison ran for Guillen . Guillen walked , Sexson to second . Ellison in right field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ellison out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Giambi struck out swinging . Matsui doubled to deep center . Posada struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 1 - Mariners 2 .	Ramirez , M 's bullpen keeps Yankees ' bats flat