Yankees - Top 1st . Garland pitching for White Sox . Damon grounded out to first . Jeter safe at first on error by second baseman Iguchi . Abreu doubled to deep center , Jeter scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Posada flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 1st . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Owens grounded out to second . Iguchi singled to left . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Dye popped out to second . Pierzynski lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Matsui singled to right . Cano walked , Matsui to second . Phelps grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cano out at second , Matsui to third . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Konerko singled to left . Mackowiak hit by pitch , Konerko to second . Uribe singled to left , Konerko to third , Mackowiak to second . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Konerko scored , Mackowiak out at third , Uribe to second . Owens grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Uribe scored on throwing error by first baseman Phelps , Crede safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Phelps . Iguchi singled to center , Crede scored , Owens to second . Villone pitching for Yankees . Thome grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iguchi out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Garland pitching for White Sox . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter lined out to first . Abreu walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Villone pitching for Yankees . Dye lined out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Konerko singled to center . Mackowiak singled to center , Konerko to second . Uribe hit by pitch , Konerko to third , Mackowiak to second . Crede lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Posada singled to right . Matsui flied out to center . Cano singled to left center , Posada to second . Phelps grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Owens flied out to left . Iguchi singled to left center . Thome homered to center , Iguchi scored . Dye singled to center . Britton pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski walked , Dye to second . Konerko flied out to left , Dye to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Uribe struck out swinging . Crede flied out to center . Owens grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Abreu grounded out to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Posada lined into double play , second to shortstop , Rodriguez doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Iguchi popped out to shortstop . Thome fouled out to second . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Matsui lined out to center . Cano singled to center . Phelps struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Myers pitching for Yankees . Terrero hit for Mackowiak . Konerko homered to left . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . Owens in left field . Terrero in center field . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter fouled out to first . Abreu walked . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Crede grounded out to third . Owens lined out to third . Iguchi lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Garland pitching for White Sox . Posada fouled out to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Matsui doubled to deep center . Cano walked . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Cairo ran for Phelps . Phelps singled to right center , Matsui scored , Cano to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Cano scored . Cairo to second on fielder 's indifference . Damon reached on infield single to second , Cairo scored on throwing error by second baseman Iguchi . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - White Sox 6 .	Yanks fall to ChiSox