Yankees - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Damon singled to center . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Damon out at second . Abreu walked . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Owens grounded out to pitcher . Iguchi singled to right center . Thome singled to right , Iguchi to second . Dye grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Thome out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Posada struck out looking . Matsui struck out looking . Cano singled to left . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Konerko flied out to right . Mackowiak walked . Uribe walked , Mackowiak to second . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cairo reached on bunt single to pitcher . Damon popped out to pitcher . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cairo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Owens flied out to center . Iguchi struck out swinging . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Abreu singled to left . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . Posada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Dye singled to center . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop , Dye to third . Konerko struck out swinging . Mackowiak singled to center , Dye scored . Uribe flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . Cano doubled to deep right . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Cairo singled to center , Cano scored . Cairo caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Damon batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Clippard pitching for Yankees . Cintron popped out to third . Owens struck out swinging . Iguchi singled to left . Thome walked , Iguchi to second . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Damon doubled to deep left . Jeter reached on bunt single to third , Damon to third . Abreu singled to right , Damon scored , Jeter to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep center , Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Posada hit sacrifice fly to right , Abreu scored , Rodriguez to third . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez scored . Cano flied out to center . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Konerko singled to left . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Mackowiak grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Bukvich pitching for White Sox . Cairo struck out swinging . Damon singled to right . Jeter doubled to right , Damon to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Damon out at home , Jeter to third . Logan pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez singled to right , Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Posada grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Uribe reached on infield single to third . Cintron flied out to left . Owens grounded out to first , Uribe to second . Iguchi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Logan pitching for White Sox . Matsui safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Logan . Cano flied out to right . Day pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center , Matsui to second . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second , Matsui to third . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Thome walked . Dye flied out to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Thome to second . Konerko singled to left , Thome to third , Pierzynski to second . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thome scored , Konerko out at second , Pierzynski to third . Uribe fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Day pitching for White Sox . Jeter grounded out to first . Abreu grounded out to second . Rodriguez homered to left . Posada doubled to deep center . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Matsui flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Cintron flied out to center . Owens reached on infield single to shortstop . Owens to second on wild pitch by Bruney . Iguchi walked . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Thome walked , Owens to third , Iguchi to second . Dye hit sacrifice fly to center , Owens scored , Iguchi to third . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - White Sox 3 .	A - Rod slams 21st HR , helps Yanks pound ChiSox