Yankees - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Damon grounded out to second . Jeter walked . Abreu flied out to left . Jeter stole second . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Iwamura lined out to pitcher . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Harris walked . Pena singled to center , Crawford scored , Harris tagged out at second . Young walked , Pena to second . Upton singled to right , Pena scored , Young to third . Norton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Cano flied out to left . Phillips grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Wigginton singled to left . Navarro reached on bunt single to third , Wigginton to second . Iwamura fouled out to third . Crawford singled to right , Wigginton scored , Navarro to third . Harris popped out to second . Crawford stole second . Pena flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Nieves struck out swinging . Damon lined out to first . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Young flied out to right . Upton singled to right . Norton grounded out to second , Upton to second . Wigginton singled to left , Upton thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to left center . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Navarro singled to center . Navarro stole second . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to first , Navarro to third . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Cano singled to center . Phillips tripled to deep center , Cano scored . Nieves doubled to deep right , Phillips scored . Damon lined out to first . Jeter homered to right center , Nieves scored . Abreu flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Pena grounded out to second . Young singled to center . Upton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui safe at first on error by shortstop Harris . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Matsui to second . Cano intentionally walked . Phillips struck out looking . Nieves struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Norton grounded out to first . Wigginton singled to deep left center , Wigginton out stretching at second . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Damon flied out to center . Jeter grounded out to second . Villone pitching for Yankees . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Iwamura singled to center . Crawford grounded into double play , third to second to first , Iwamura out at second . Harris walked . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Pena homered to right , Harris scored . Young lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . Cano hit sacrifice fly to left , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to second . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Posada hit for Nieves . Phillips singled to left , Matsui scored , Phillips to second advancing on throw . Posada intentionally walked . Damon walked , Phillips to third , Posada to second . Jeter reached on infield single to third , Phillips scored , Posada to third , Damon to second . Posada catching . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Abreu struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Upton hit ground rule double to deep right center . Norton popped out to second . Wilson ran for Wigginton . Wigginton doubled to left , Upton scored . Wilson at second base . Navarro lined into double play , first to shortstop , Wilson doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez flied out to left . Matsui struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Iwamura singled to center . Crawford reached first base on catcher 's interference , Iwamura to second . Crawford batting . Harris grounded into double play , third to first , Iwamura out at third , Crawford to second . Pena popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 7 - Devil Rays 6 .	Yanks finally get over .500