Blue Jays - Top 1st . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Johnson struck out swinging . Rios tripled to deep left center . Wells popped out to first . Glaus singled to left , Rios scored . Glaus to second on wild pitch by Clemens . Thomas grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Damon fouled out to catcher . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Overbay popped out to second . Hill flied out to right . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez walked . Matsui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . Posada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . McDonald grounded out to third . Johnson reached on bunt single to third . Rios singled to center , Johnson to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second , Johnson to third . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to right . Phillips grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Thomas singled to right . Overbay flied out to center . Hill singled to right , Thomas to third . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Damon walked . Jeter singled to center , Damon to third . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . McDonald flied out to center . Johnson singled to center . Rios singled to left , Johnson to second . Wells flied out to center . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui flied out to left . Posada grounded out to first . Cano flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Thomas flied out to center . Overbay walked . Hill singled to left center , Overbay to third , Hill to second advancing on throw . Phillips flied out to right . McDonald popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to first . Damon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Johnson hit by pitch . Rios singled to center , Johnson to second . Wells popped out to second . Glaus struck out swinging . Thomas walked , Johnson to third , Rios to second . Myers pitching for Yankees . Overbay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to right . Abreu singled to right , Jeter to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep left , Jeter and Abreu scored . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui singled to left , Rodriguez to third . Posada struck out swinging . Cano walked , Matsui to second . League pitching for Blue Jays . Phillips singled to left , Rodriguez and Matsui scored , Cano to second . Cabrera flied out to left . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Hill walked . Zaun hit for Phillips . Zaun flied out to center . Stairs hit for McDonald . Villone pitching for Yankees . Stairs walked , Hill to second . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stairs out at second , Hill to third . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Clayton at shortstop . Zaun catching . Stairs in left field . League pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Abreu singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . Matsui singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Posada singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to second . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to right , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Phillips flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Wells flied out to center . Glaus flied out to right . Thomas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 1 - Yankees 6 .	A - Rod keys win for surging Yanks