Devil Rays - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Iwamura struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to second . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera walked . Jeter lined out to center . Abreu popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pena homered to right . Young singled to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui homered to right . Posada singled to center . Cano grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . Phillips grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wilson grounded out to second . Iwamura struck out swinging . Harris singled to center . Upton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Duncan struck out swinging . Cabrera doubled to right center . Cabrera stole third . Jeter walked . Abreu singled to center , Cabrera scored , Jeter to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored , Abreu to third , Rodriguez to second on error by second baseman Wilson . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at home , Rodriguez to third . Posada flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pena singled to right . Young singled to left center , Pena to second . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Young out at second , Pena to third . Gomes struck out looking . Navarro walked , Wigginton to second . Wilson singled to center , Pena and Wigginton scored , Navarro to second . Iwamura grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Cano tripled to right . Phillips singled to left , Cano scored . Duncan walked , Phillips to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duncan out at second , Phillips to third . Jeter singled to right , Phillips scored , Cabrera to third . Abreu singled to right , Cabrera scored , Jeter to second . Jeter stole third , Abreu stole second . Jeter scored , Abreu safe at third on throwing error by catcher Navarro . Rodriguez walked . Matsui singled to center , Abreu scored , Rodriguez to third . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Posada singled to left center , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to second . Cano singled to center , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Posada to third , Cano to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Phillips struck out swinging . Duncan homered to left , Posada and Cano scored . Cabrera walked . Jeter grounded out to second . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Harris singled to center . Upton walked , Harris to second . Pena flied out to center , Harris to third . Young lined out to second . Wigginton lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Abreu homered to right . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to center . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matsui out at second . Cano reached on infield single to first , Posada to second . Phillips grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Cairo at shortstop . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to second . Wilson singled to deep left . Iwamura walked , Wilson to second . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Duncan homered to right center . Cabrera struck out looking . Cairo doubled to deep left . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit ground rule double to deep left , Cairo scored . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit ground rule double to deep left , Cairo scored . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit for Abreu . Damon hit ground rule double to deep left , Cairo scored . Rodriguez homered to left center , Damon scored . Matsui singled to right . Posada hit ground rule double to deep left , Matsui to third . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Cano struck out swinging . Phillips flied out to right . 4 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Damon in right field . Henn pitching for Yankees . Henn pitching for Yankees . Phillips at third base . Duncan at first base . Upton singled to left . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton out at second . Young flied out to center . Wigginton walked , Pena to second . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Duncan grounded out to first . Cabrera hit by pitch . Cairo struck out swinging . Damon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Henn pitching for Yankees . Navarro popped out to shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . Iwamura singled to shallow center . Iwamura to second on wild pitch by Henn . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Henn struck out looking . Matsui singled to right . Posada lined out to second . Cano homered to right , Matsui scored . Phillips walked . Phillips to second on passed ball by Navarro . Duncan walked . Cabrera singled to center , Phillips scored , Duncan to second . Cairo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Myers pitching for Yankees . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Pena flied out to right . Young doubled to deep right . Wigginton safe at first on error by second baseman Cano , Young to third . Gomes singled to center , Young scored , Wigginton to second . Navarro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Yankees 21 .	Duncan , A - Rod lead Yanks to 21 - 4 rout of D - Rays