Yankees - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Damon singled to left . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Damon out at second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Willits struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Guerrero flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Rodriguez flied out to center . Matsui singled to right . Posada singled to center , Matsui to third . Cano grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Anderson singled to right . Kendrick grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Matthews grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Betemit struck out looking . Cabrera bunt grounded out to catcher . Damon doubled to deep right . Jeter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Izturis struck out looking . Quinlan bunt grounded out to catcher . Mathis walked . Mathis to second on passed ball by Posada . Willits struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Abreu grounded out to first . Rodriguez walked . Matsui flied out to left . Posada doubled to deep left , Rodriguez to third . Cano safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Lackey , Rodriguez scored , Posada advanced to third on play , Posada out at home in rundown . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Cabrera flied out to right . Guerrero doubled to deep left . Guerrero to third on wild pitch by Pettitte . Anderson walked . Kendrick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Betemit struck out swinging . Cabrera fouled out to first . Damon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Matthews grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to center . Quinlan flied out to right . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu flied out to left . Rodriguez walked . Rodriguez stole second . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Willits struck out looking . Cabrera homered to left center . Guerrero struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Posada walked . Cano singled to center , Posada to third . Betemit flied out to right . Cabrera singled to right center , Posada scored , Cano to second . Damon flied out to left . Jeter singled to right , Cano scored , Cabrera to third , Jeter thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Kendrick reached on infield single to second . Matthews flied out to right . Izturis grounded out to first , Kendrick to second . Quinlan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Abreu homered to center . Shields pitching for Angels . Rodriguez walked . Matsui doubled to right , Rodriguez to third . Posada doubled to left , Rodriguez and Matsui scored . Cano fouled out to left . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Betemit flied out to right , Posada to third . Cabrera singled to left , Posada scored . Damon walked , Cabrera to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits singled to center . Willits to second on passed ball by Posada . Cabrera struck out swinging . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out looking . Matsui singled to center , Abreu to third . Posada popped out to second . Cano reached on infield single to second , Abreu scored , Matsui to second . Betemit flied out to left . 1 Run , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Anderson struck out swinging . Kendrick singled to left . Matthews reached on infield single to second , Kendrick to second . Izturis singled to right , Kendrick scored , Matthews to second . Kotchman hit for Quinlan . Kotchman struck out swinging . Mathis flied out to right . 1 Run , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Angels 2 .	Pettitte outpitches Lackey as Yankees halt Angels