Devil Rays - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Iwamura lined out to left . Crawford flied out to center . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu walked . Rodriguez homered to left , Abreu scored . Matsui flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Upton flied out to left . Young singled to center . Harris singled to center , Young to second . Gomes struck out looking . Wilson doubled to deep center , Young and Harris scored . Paul walked . Iwamura struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi lined out to second . Cano grounded out to first . Phillips singled to right . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to center . Crawford stole second . Pena lined out to second . Upton walked . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera singled to right center . Jeter singled to left , Cabrera to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jeter out at second , Cabrera to third , Cabrera scored , Abreu to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson . Rodriguez singled to left , Abreu to third . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Matsui walked . Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Abreu scored , Matsui out at second , Rodriguez to third . Cano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Harris grounded out to third . Gomes struck out swinging . Wilson lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Phillips walked . Molina safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson , Phillips to second . Cabrera lined out to left . Jeter walked , Phillips to third , Molina to second . Abreu walked , Phillips scored , Molina to third , Jeter to second . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez hit ground rule double to left , Molina and Jeter scored , Abreu to third . Matsui grounded out to first . Giambi struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Paul popped out to second . Iwamura struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Cano grounded out to second . Phillips singled to center . Molina struck out swinging , Phillips caught stealing second . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Pena struck out swinging . Upton homered to left center . Young flied out to center . Harris flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter hit by pitch . Abreu flied out to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Matsui popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Yankees . Gomes flied out to right . Wilson flied out to right . Paul struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Giambi doubled to deep center . Duncan ran for Giambi . Cano flied out to right , Duncan to third . Phillips walked . Molina singled to right , Duncan scored , Phillips to second . Cabrera singled to right , Phillips scored , Molina to second . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter grounded out to third , Molina to third , Cabrera to second . Abreu lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Gonzalez at shortstop . Betemit at third base . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Iwamura walked . Crawford doubled to deep center , Iwamura scored , Crawford to third on error by center fielder Cabrera . Pena hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Upton doubled to deep left . Young reached on infield single to shortstop , Upton to third . Harris hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored , Young to second . Norton hit for Gomes . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Norton grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Betemit struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to first . Duncan lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Wilson struck out looking . Navarro hit for Paul . Navarro struck out swinging . Iwamura struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 6 - Yankees 9 .	A - Rod 's day : 45th HR , 4 RBIs , confiscated bat