Mariners - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Suzuki fouled out to third . Lopez doubled to left . Ibanez singled to right , Lopez scored . Sexson grounded out to first , Ibanez to second . Beltre lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Sizemore flied out to left . Michaels walked . Peralta singled to right , Michaels to second . Hafner batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Everett flied out to right . Johjima struck out swinging . Reed tripled to center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Hafner walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hafner out at second . Broussard singled to center , Martinez to second . Belliard hit by pitch , Martinez to third , Broussard to second . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at home , Broussard to third , Belliard to second . Broussard scored , Belliard to third , Boone to second on wild pitch by Meche . Blake singled to center , Belliard and Boone scored . Sizemore walked , Blake to second . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blake out at third , Sizemore to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Suzuki walked . Lopez walked , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to center , Suzuki scored , Lopez to third . Sexson struck out swinging . Beltre struck out swinging . Everett walked , Ibanez to second . Johjima doubled to deep left , Lopez , Ibanez and Everett scored . Reed flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Peralta grounded out to third . Hafner flied out to center . Martinez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Betancourt popped out to first . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Lopez flied out to left . Graves pitching for Indians . Ibanez tripled to right , Suzuki scored . Sexson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Broussard singled to right . Belliard singled to right , Broussard to third . Boone popped out to third . Blake singled to right , Broussard scored , Belliard to third . Sizemore reached on infield single to second , Belliard scored , Blake tagged out at third . Michaels walked , Sizemore to second . Peralta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Graves pitching for Indians . Beltre singled to left . Everett flied out to center . Beltre stole second . Johjima walked . Woods pitching for Mariners . Reed grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Johjima out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Hafner grounded out to first . Martinez flied out to right . Broussard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Graves pitching for Indians . Betancourt singled to shallow center . Suzuki singled to right , Betancourt to second . Betancourt to third , Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Graves . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez intentionally walked . Sexson homered to left , Betancourt , Suzuki and Ibanez scored . Beltre struck out swinging . Everett flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Boone grounded out to third . Davis pitching for Indians . Blake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Davis pitching for Indians . Johjima struck out swinging . Reed grounded out to second . Betancourt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Sizemore grounded out to second . Michaels flied out to right . Peralta singled to left center . Hafner homered to right , Peralta scored . Martinez walked . Broussard grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Davis pitching for Indians . Suzuki singled to center . Lopez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to third . Ibanez doubled to right , Suzuki scored . Sexson struck out swinging . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Beltre grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Belliard singled to center . Boone flied out to left . Blake doubled to deep center , Belliard scored . Blake to third on wild pitch by Soriano . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Michaels struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Sauerbeck pitching for Indians . Everett grounded out to third . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Reed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Peralta lined out to third . Hafner singled to center . Perez hit for Broussard . Martinez singled to deep right center , Hafner to third . Hollandsworth ran for Perez . Perez safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez , Hafner scored , Martinez to second . Belliard struck out swinging . Boone popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 11 - Indians 9 .	Sexson grand slam lifts Mariners over Indians