Mariners - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist reached on bunt single to pitcher . Ibanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bloomquist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to right . Mora singled to left , Roberts to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Gibbons grounded out to second , Roberts to third , Mora to second . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Sexson walked . Everett flied out to center . Beltre popped out to second . Johjima popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Millar hit by pitch . Patterson flied out to right . Conine singled to left , Millar to second . Gomez ran for Millar . Gomez to third , Conine to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Markakis singled to left , Gomez scored , Conine to third . Roberts walked , Markakis to second . Mora struck out swinging . Gomez at first base . Tejada grounded out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Orioles . Lopez flied out to left . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gibbons flied out to left . Hernandez walked . Gomez singled to left , Hernandez to second . Patterson homered to right , Hernandez and Gomez scored . Conine doubled to deep left . Markakis grounded out to shortstop , Conine to third . Roberts popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist fouled out to catcher . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Mora singled to center . Tejada singled to right , Mora to second . Gibbons singled to right , Mora to third , Tejada to second . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mora out at home , Tejada to third , Gibbons to second . Gomez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Everett homered to left center . Beltre struck out swinging . Johjima grounded out to third . Lopez singled to left . Betancourt struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Patterson grounded out to second . Conine flied out to right . Markakis popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Orioles . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Suzuki stole third . Bloomquist singled to center , Suzuki scored . Brower pitching for Orioles . Ibanez lined out to left . Bloomquist to third on wild pitch by Brower . Sexson walked . Everett grounded out to second , Sexson to third . Beltre walked . Rodriguez pitching for Orioles . Johjima singled to left , Sexson scored , Beltre to third . Lopez walked , Johjima to second . Betancourt singled to center , Beltre and Johjima scored , Lopez to third . Suzuki singled to right , Lopez scored , Betancourt to third . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to center . Roberts stole second . Mora grounded out to pitcher . Roberts stole third . Tejada singled to right , Roberts scored . Terrero ran for Tejada . Gibbons struck out swinging . Terrero caught stealing second , catcher to second . Chavez catching . Mora at second base . Terrero in left field . Hernandez at first base . Gomez at shortstop . Conine at third base . Hernandez batting . Williams pitching for Orioles . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson flied out to left . Everett flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Hernandez hit by pitch . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Gomez flied out to right . Patterson singled to right , Hernandez to third . Putz pitching for Mariners . Conine grounded out to second , Hernandez scored , Patterson to second . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Markakis lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Beltre homered to center . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Lopez flied out to left . Betancourt doubled to deep left center . Suzuki intentionally walked . Bloomquist struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Chavez struck out looking . Mora struck out swinging . Terrero safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre . Gibbons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Rleal pitching for Orioles . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson flied out to right . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Everett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Guardado pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to center . Gomez singled to right , Hernandez to second . Patterson sacrificed to pitcher , Hernandez to third , Gomez to second . Conine walked . Markakis struck out swinging . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Orioles 6 .	Ichiro helps King Felix earn first win of season