Mariners - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Suzuki singled to center . Suzuki stole second . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop , Suzuki out at third . Ibanez doubled to right , Lopez to third . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Stewart singled to left center . Castillo reached on bunt single to pitcher , Stewart to second . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo out at second , Stewart to third . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stewart out at home , Mauer to second . Ford singled to left , Mauer scored , Hunter to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Beltre flied out to right . Lawton singled to left . Johjima homered to left , Lawton scored . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Batista grounded out to shortstop . White grounded out to shortstop . Castro tripled to deep center . Stewart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez singled to deep right , Lopez to third , Ibanez to second on error by right fielder Ford . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored , Ibanez to third . Beltre lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Castillo grounded out to first . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to deep right center , Hunter out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Lawton flied out to right . Johjima singled to right . Johjima caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ford singled to center . Morneau grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ford out at second . Batista lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Suzuki doubled to deep right . Lopez fouled out to first . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . White lined out to third . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . Sexson homered to left . Everett struck out looking . Beltre doubled to deep right . Crain pitching for Twins . Lawton singled to center , Beltre to third . Johjima doubled to deep left , Beltre scored , Lawton to third . Betancourt doubled to left , Lawton and Johjima scored . Suzuki grounded out to third , Betancourt to third . Eyre pitching for Twins . Lopez tripled to deep center , Betancourt scored . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Castillo grounded out to first . Mauer singled to center . Hunter flied out to right . Ford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Eyre pitching for Twins . Sexson grounded out to third . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Beltre doubled to deep left . Reed in center field . Lawton singled to right , Beltre thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Morneau homered to center . Batista lined out to second . White lined out to center . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Castro grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Johjima flied out to left . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Stewart grounded out to third . Minnesota 's Manager Gardenhire ejected by Gorman in the 8th . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Petagine hit for Sexson . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Ibanez grounded out to first . Petagine singled to left center . Everett flied out to left . Beltre singled to center , Petagine to third . Petagine at first base . Reed grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hunter singled to right . Ford lined out to third . Morneau grounded out to first , Hunter to second . Batista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Twins 2 .	Johjima 's monster day lifts Mariners over struggling Twins