Mariners - Top 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Suzuki tripled to deep center . Lopez struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second , Suzuki scored . Sexson struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to second . Cabrera walked . Guerrero lined out to left . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Everett flied out to right . Beltre flied out to right . Johjima flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Salmon walked . Rivera singled to left center , Salmon to second . McPherson singled to right , Salmon to third , Rivera to second . Napoli reached on infield single to third , Salmon scored , Rivera to third , McPherson to second . Kennedy singled to left , Rivera scored , McPherson to third , Napoli to second . Figgins fouled out to left , McPherson scored , Napoli to third . Cabrera singled to right , Napoli and Kennedy scored , Cabrera to second advancing on throw . Guerrero intentionally walked . Anderson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Guerrero out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Reed grounded out to second . Betancourt flied out to left . Suzuki singled to center . Lopez singled to center , Suzuki to second . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Salmon homered to left . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . McPherson struck out swinging . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Sexson singled to left center . Everett singled to right , Sexson to second . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Everett out at second , Sexson to third . Johjima safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins , Sexson scored , Beltre to second . Reed homered to center , Beltre and Johjima scored . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop . Livingston pitching for Mariners . Suzuki popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 4th . Livingston pitching for Mariners . Kennedy hit by pitch . Figgins struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Kennedy to second . Guerrero singled to shallow left , Kennedy to third , Cabrera to second . Anderson walked , Kennedy scored , Cabrera to third , Guerrero to second . Salmon walked , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to third , Anderson to second . Rivera homered to left , Guerrero , Anderson and Salmon scored . Green pitching for Mariners . McPherson singled to right . Napoli walked , McPherson to second . Kennedy struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson reached on infield single to third , Lopez to second . Lopez to third , Sexson to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Everett grounded out to third , Lopez scored . Beltre flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Green pitching for Mariners . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson singled to center . Salmon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Johjima singled to center . Reed singled to right , Johjima to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reed out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Green pitching for Mariners . Rivera grounded out to second . McPherson safe at second on error by third baseman Beltre . Napoli flied out to center , McPherson to third . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 7th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Ibanez singled to right . Sexson walked , Ibanez to second . Everett grounded into double play , third to second to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Figgins walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Beltre homered to center . Johjima fouled out to catcher . Lawton hit for Betancourt . Reed flied out to left . Bloomquist at shortstop . Woods pitching for Mariners . Lawton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Salmon struck out looking . Murphy ran for Rivera . Quinlan hit for McPherson . Rivera walked . Murphy in center field . Quinlan at first base . Quinlan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez reached on infield single to pitcher , Lopez to second on throwing error by pitcher Carrasco . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Angels 12 .	Rivera hits grand slam , powers Angels past M 's