Mariners - Top 1st . Bonser pitching for Twins . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Bloomquist singled to center , Suzuki to second . Ibanez singled to right , Suzuki to third , Bloomquist to second . Sexson struck out swinging . Everett struck out swinging . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Ford grounded out to second . Castillo singled to right center . Mauer singled to right , Castillo to third . Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right , Castillo scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Johjima doubled to deep right center . Reed flied out to left , Johjima to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . Suzuki walked . Bloomquist singled to right , Johjima scored , Suzuki to second . Ibanez homered to center , Suzuki and Bloomquist scored . Sexson grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Morneau flied out to right . White struck out looking . Batista doubled to deep left . Castro singled to center , Batista scored . Ford lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Everett grounded out to second . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop . Johjima grounded out to shortstop , Beltre to second . Reed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Castillo doubled to deep left . Mauer struck out swinging . Hunter hit ground rule double to deep left , Castillo scored . Cuddyer homered to left , Hunter scored . Morneau popped out to second . White lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Betancourt popped out to first . Suzuki struck out swinging . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Batista fouled out to shortstop . Castro flied out to right . Ford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson singled to left . Everett grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sexson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Castillo grounded out to third . Mauer singled to center . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mauer out at second . Cuddyer hit ground rule double to deep center , Hunter to third . Silva pitching for Twins . Morneau grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Silva pitching for Twins . Beltre flied out to center . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . White grounded out to pitcher . Batista grounded out to shortstop . Castro homered to left . Ford flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Silva pitching for Twins . Betancourt singled to right . Suzuki struck out swinging . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt out at second . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Moyer pitching for Mariners . Castillo doubled to deep left . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Mauer safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Bloomquist , Castillo scored . Hunter flied out to right , Mauer to third . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to center , Mauer scored . Crain pitching for Twins . Morneau flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Sexson doubled to deep left . Everett walked . Rincon pitching for Twins . Beltre singled to right , Sexson to third , Everett to second . Green pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded into triple play , to second , Sexson scored , Beltre out at second , Everett out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . White grounded out to pitcher . Batista doubled to deep left . Castro singled to center , Batista to third . Ford singled to center , Batista scored , Castro to third . Castillo lined into double play , second to first , Ford doubled off first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Reed fouled out to left . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop , Betancourt to second . Bloomquist flied out to center . Betancourt to third on wild pitch by Rincon . Ibanez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Twins 9 .	Triple threats : Twins turn triple play in win vs. Mariners