Angels - Top 1st . Meche pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to second . Izturis popped out to second . Cabrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to center . Beltre grounded out to first . Lopez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to third . Anderson struck out looking . Rivera walked . Morales flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson flied out to right . Everett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Meche pitching for Mariners . Kennedy singled to center . Kennedy caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Molina struck out looking . Figgins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Johjima grounded out to third . Choo lined out to first . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Izturis reached on bunt single to pitcher , Izturis to second on throwing error by first baseman Sexson . Cabrera grounded out to second , Izturis to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center , Izturis scored . Anderson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Suzuki walked . Beltre singled to right , Suzuki to third . Lopez singled to right center , Suzuki scored , Beltre to second . Ibanez homered to right , Beltre and Lopez scored . Sexson homered to right center . Everett struck out swinging . Johjima popped out to second . Choo grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Rivera homered to right . Morales flied out to left . Kennedy grounded out to second . Molina flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki lined into double play , shortstop to first , Betancourt doubled off first . Beltre grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Meche pitching for Mariners . Figgins walked . Izturis singled to center , Figgins to second . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to left , Figgins scored , Izturis to second . Guerrero doubled to left , Izturis scored , Cabrera to third . Anderson intentionally walked . Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Guerrero to third . Morales doubled to right , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third . Kennedy intentionally walked . Molina reached on infield single to second , Anderson scored , Morales to third , Kennedy to second . Figgins hit sacrifice fly to left , Morales scored . Izturis singled to center , Kennedy scored , Molina to third . Cabrera popped out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Lopez struck out swinging . Ibanez struck out swinging . Woods pitching for Mariners . Sexson lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Guerrero walked . Anderson flied out to center . Rivera singled to left , Guerrero to second . Morales doubled to deep left , Guerrero and Rivera scored . Kennedy reached on infield single to shortstop , Morales tagged out at third . Molina singled to left , Kennedy to second . Figgins batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Everett struck out swinging . Johjima flied out to center . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Woods pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis grounded out to first . Cabrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Angels . Betancourt reached on infield single to third . Suzuki grounded out to second , Betancourt to second . Betancourt to third on wild pitch by Santana . Beltre grounded out to third , Betancourt scored . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Soriano pitching for Mariners . Guerrero reached on infield single to third . Anderson singled to center , Guerrero to second . Rivera homered to right , Guerrero and Anderson scored . Morales fouled out to catcher . Kennedy grounded out to first . Figgins in left field . Aybar at shortstop . Murphy in center field . Romero pitching for Angels . Molina struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Romero pitching for Angels . Ibanez popped out to shortstop . Perez hit for Everett . Sexson flied out to center . Perez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 14 - Mariners 6 .	Rivera homers twice as Angels rough up Mariners ' pen