Angels - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Figgins grounded out to shortstop . Izturis singled to left center . Cabrera grounded out to third , Izturis to second . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis tagged out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Suzuki lined out to left . Snelling struck out swinging . Beltre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to second . Rivera grounded out to first . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson grounded out to second . Broussard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kennedy lined out to third . Molina singled to center . Figgins grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Molina safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Lopez . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Figgins out at second , Molina to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Izturis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Johjima singled to right center . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johjima out at second . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . Anderson singled to left center . Rivera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Snelling flied out to center . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez singled to right center , Beltre to third . Sexson doubled to deep left , Beltre scored , Ibanez to third . Broussard struck out swinging . Johjima reached on infield single to shortstop , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Lopez struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to second . Kennedy fouled out to third . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Suzuki singled to left , Suzuki out stretching at second . Snelling popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Figgins flied out to center . Izturis flied out to center . Cabrera singled to center . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Beltre flied out to center . Ibanez grounded out to second . Sexson singled to left . Broussard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Anderson lined out to center . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Johjima grounded out to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Bloomquist flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kennedy struck out swinging . Molina struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Suzuki fouled out to catcher . Snelling struck out swinging . Betancourt at shortstop . Beltre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 0 - Mariners 2 .	Hernandez , M 's end 20 - game skid against AL West