Mariners - Top 1st . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki reached on infield single to second . Lopez walked , Suzuki to second . Beltre singled to right center , Suzuki scored , Lopez to third . Ibanez struck out looking . Beltre out at second , Lopez out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Baldelli homered to center . Young grounded out to third . Crawford reached on infield single to first . Crawford caught stealing second , to . Norton walked . Norton caught stealing second , catcher to second , Crawford to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Wigginton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Sexson struck out swinging . Perez walked . Johjima flied out to center . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Navarro grounded out to second . Cantu hit by pitch . Upton singled to left , Cantu to second . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Cantu out at third , Upton to second . Baldelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki singled to center . Lopez singled to right center , Suzuki to second . Suzuki stole third . Beltre singled to left , Suzuki scored , Lopez to second . Ibanez walked , Lopez to third , Beltre to second . Sexson hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored . Perez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Young grounded out to shortstop . Crawford grounded out to second . Norton singled to right . Wigginton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Johjima grounded out to third . Morse flied out to left . Betancourt doubled to deep left center . Suzuki grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Navarro fouled out to left . Cantu reached on infield single to shortstop . Upton popped out to second . Zobrist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez flied out to left . Beltre flied out to left . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Baldelli flied out to center . Young grounded out to first . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Sexson struck out swinging . Perez singled to center . Johjima grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Perez out at second , Johjima to second on throwing error by second baseman Cantu . Morse lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Norton struck out swinging . Wigginton grounded out to third . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Betancourt struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez singled to right . Beltre safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Upton , Lopez advanced to second on play , Lopez tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Cantu struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Zobrist doubled to deep right . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Baldelli popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Ibanez singled to right . Broussard hit for Perez . Sexson singled to right , Ibanez to second . Broussard lined out to first . Johjima singled to right , Ibanez to third , Sexson to second . Morse hit sacrifice fly to right , Ibanez scored , Sexson to third . Bloomquist in right field . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johjima out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Young homered to right . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Crawford singled to center . Putz pitching for Mariners . Norton singled to right , Crawford to second . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Norton out at second , Crawford to third . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Navarro popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez hit by pitch . Beltre flied out to center . Ibanez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Mariners . Cantu struck out swinging . Upton grounded out to third . Zobrist homered to right . Baldelli flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 4 - Devil Rays 3 .	Mariners shake off triple play , end 12 - game road skid