Mariners - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Suzuki singled to right . Beltre singled to center , Suzuki to second . Betancourt grounded into double play , third to second , Suzuki out at third , Beltre out at second , Betancourt to first . Ibanez singled to right center , Betancourt to second . Sexson singled to left , Betancourt scored , Ibanez to second . Perez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Washburn pitching for Mariners . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . German flied out to left . Grudzielanek singled to right , DeJesus to third . Brown struck out swinging . Shealy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Johjima singled to right . Lopez singled to right , Johjima to third . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Johjima out at home , Lopez to third , Bloomquist to second . Suzuki reached on infield single to first , Lopez scored , Bloomquist to third . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to right , Bloomquist scored . Betancourt doubled to left , Suzuki to third . Ibanez flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Buck flied out to right . Costa doubled to right . Keppinger grounded out to third , Costa to third . Berroa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Sexson popped out to second . Perez grounded out to third . Johjima flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Washburn pitching for Mariners . DeJesus grounded out to second . German singled to center . Grudzielanek doubled to left , German thrown out at home . Brown singled to right , Grudzielanek scored , Brown to second advancing on throw . Shealy homered to center , Brown scored . Buck grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Royals . Lopez flied out to center . Bloomquist safe at first on error by pitcher Perez . Suzuki homered to right , Bloomquist scored . Beltre popped out to second . Betancourt lined out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . Costa singled to center . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Costa out at second . Berroa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Keppinger out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Royals . Ibanez struck out swinging . Sexson struck out swinging . Perez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Washburn pitching for Mariners . DeJesus doubled to deep right . German doubled to deep center , DeJesus scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to second , German to third . Fruto pitching for Mariners . Brown walked . Shealy homered to left , German and Brown scored . Buck grounded out to third . Costa struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Royals . Johjima singled to left . Dohmann pitching for Royals . Lopez walked , Johjima to second . Bloomquist sacrificed to pitcher , Johjima to third , Lopez to second . Suzuki intentionally walked . Beltre singled to left , Johjima scored , Lopez out at home , Suzuki to third , Beltre to second advancing on throw . Betancourt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Fruto pitching for Mariners . Keppinger grounded out to third . Berroa struck out swinging . Gobble pitching for Royals . DeJesus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Ibanez singled to left . Sexson flied out to right . Peralta pitching for Royals . Perez singled to left , Ibanez to second . Johjima grounded into double play , third to second to first , Perez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Fruto pitching for Mariners . German flied out to right . Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop . Brown fouled out to catcher . DeJesus in left field . Gathright in center field . Shealy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Snelling hit for Bloomquist . Peralta pitching for Royals . Lopez flied out to right . Snelling struck out swinging . Snelling in right field . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Phillips ran for Buck . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Buck singled to right . Costa sacrificed to pitcher , Phillips to second . Phillips to third on wild pitch by O'Flaherty . Huber pitching for Mariners . Keppinger intentionally walked . Berroa sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Phillips scored , Keppinger to second . DeJesus grounded out to first , Keppinger to third , Berroa to second . German tripled to deep center , Keppinger and Berroa scored . Phillips catching . Nelson pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Nelson pitching for Royals . Beltre homered to left . Betancourt walked . Ibanez popped out to shortstop . Betancourt to second on fielder 's indifference . Broussard hit for Perez . Sexson flied out to center . Broussard singled to center , Betancourt scored . Broussard to second on fielder 's indifference . Johjima struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Royals 10 .	Royals lock for better finish than 56 - 106 mark in ' 05