Athletics - Top 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Decker struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to right. Healy struck out looking. Davis walked. Vogt reached on infield single to third, Lowrie to third, Davis to second. Alonso singled to right center, Lowrie and Davis scored, Vogt to third. Plouffe lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Escobar flied out to right. Calhoun flied out to left. Trout grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Joyce doubled to deep right. Rosales safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Escobar, Joyce advanced to third on Escobar throwing error, Joyce out at third in rundown. Decker lined out to right. Lowrie doubled to left, Rosales to third. Healy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Pujols struck out swinging. Marte doubled to left. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Marte out at third. Espinosa doubled to right center, Simmons scored. Maybin singled to center, Espinosa scored. Maldonado doubled to deep right, Maybin scored. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Davis singled to right. Vogt struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Montas pitching for Athletics. Calhoun singled to right. Trout popped out to shortstop. Pujols singled to center, Calhoun to second. Marte struck out swinging. Simmons walked, Calhoun to third, Pujols to second. Espinosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Joyce grounded out to shortstop. Rosales singled to left. Decker grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rosales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Maybin singled to left. Maldonado flied out to center. Escobar flied out to right, Maybin to second. Calhoun grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Lowrie popped out to third. Healy flied out to center. Davis walked. Vogt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Trout singled to left. Trout stole second. Pujols singled to left, Trout scored. Marte struck out swinging. Simmons singled to shallow center, Pujols to third, Simmons to second advancing on throw. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Espinosa popped out to first. Maybin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Angels. Alonso homered to right (404 feet). Plouffe fouled out to catcher. Joyce flied out to left. Rosales reached on infield single to shortstop. Decker singled to center, Rosales to second. Lowrie lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Maldonado flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Calhoun singled to right. Trout struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Angels. Healy struck out swinging. Davis struck out looking. Vogt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Pujols struck out swinging. Marte singled to center. Marte to second on passed ball by Vogt. Simmons walked. Marte to third, Simmons to second on wild pitch by Dull. Espinosa hit by pitch. Maybin singled to deep right, Marte and Simmons scored, Espinosa to third. Maldonado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Espinosa scored, Maybin safe at third on error by catcher Vogt. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Maybin out at home, Maldonado to third. Calhoun singled to left, Maldonado scored, Escobar to second. Valdez pitching for Athletics. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at third, Calhoun to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Guerra pitching for Angels. Alonso struck out swinging. Plouffe walked. Joyce homered to right (412 feet), Plouffe scored. Rosales struck out swinging. Decker struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Valdez pitching for Athletics. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. Marte struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Norris pitching for Angels. Lowrie struck out looking. Healy flied out to right. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Angels 8.	Shoemaker gets 1st win since head injury, Angels top A's 8-5