Athletics - Top 1st. Morton pitching for Astros. Decker grounded out to second. Joyce hit by pitch. Lowrie singled to shallow left, Joyce to second. Davis homered to right center (431 feet), Joyce and Lowrie scored. Alonso struck out swinging. Healy safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve. Vogt struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Springer walked. Reddick reached first base on catcher's interference, Springer to second. Altuve flied out to center. Springer to third, Reddick to second on balk by Cotton. Correa struck out swinging. Beltrán reached on infield single to third, Springer scored, Reddick to third. Gurriel singled to center, Reddick scored, Beltrán to second. Gattis hit ground rule double to deep right, Beltrán scored, Gurriel to third. Bregman flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Morton pitching for Astros. Plouffe struck out looking. Rosales hit by pitch. Decker flied out to center. Joyce grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Aoki fouled out to third. Springer struck out swinging. Reddick singled to right. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Morton pitching for Astros. Lowrie grounded out to second. Davis homered to right (388 feet). Alonso struck out swinging. Healy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Correa singled to left. Beltrán grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Correa out at second. Gurriel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Morton pitching for Astros. Vogt struck out looking. Plouffe singled to deep left, Plouffe out stretching at second. Rosales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Gattis doubled to deep right center. Bregman singled to center, Gattis to third. Aoki struck out looking. Bregman caught stealing second, catcher to second. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop, Gattis scored. Reddick reached first base on catcher's interference, Springer to second. Altuve flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Morton pitching for Astros. Decker struck out looking. Joyce struck out looking. Lowrie lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Cotton pitching for Athletics. Correa struck out looking. Beltrán safe at first on error by second baseman Lowrie. Gurriel doubled to deep right center, Beltrán to third. Gattis singled to left, Beltrán scored, Gurriel to third. Dull pitching for Athletics. Bregman hit sacrifice fly to center, Gurriel scored. Aoki struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Morton pitching for Astros. Davis grounded out to first. Alonso struck out swinging. Healy doubled to right. Vogt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Valdez pitching for Athletics. Springer grounded out to third. Reddick flied out to center. Altuve walked. Correa lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Morton pitching for Astros. Plouffe grounded out to third. Rosales struck out swinging. Decker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Valdez pitching for Athletics. Beltrán grounded out to first. Gurriel homered to left (367 feet). Gattis flied out to right. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Gregerson pitching for Astros. Joyce struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to right. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso singled to left, Lowrie to second. Healy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Valdez pitching for Athletics. Aoki grounded out to pitcher. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop. Reddick singled to center, Springer to second. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reddick out at second, Springer to third. Correa doubled to deep center, Springer and Altuve scored. Beltrán lined out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Giles pitching for Astros. Vogt grounded out to third. Plouffe safe at first on error by pitcher Giles. Pinder hit for Rosales. Pinder flied out to center. Plouffe to second on fielder's indifference. Decker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Astros 9.	Morton fans 12, Astros win 9-4 in A's 5th straight loss