Athletics - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Davis flied out to center. Joyce flied out to center. Lowrie lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gray pitching for Athletics. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. Mazara grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to first. Alonso struck out looking. Healy reached on infield single to third. Plouffe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Chirinos walked. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to first, Chirinos out at second. Odor stole second. Napoli grounded out to third. Gómez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Maxwell singled to center. Rosales flied out to right. Davis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Maxwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gray pitching for Athletics. Gallo walked. DeShields singled to center, Gallo to second. Choo grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, DeShields out at second, Gallo to third. Andrus singled to shallow left, Gallo scored. Andrus stole second. Mazara fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Joyce flied out to left. Lowrie doubled to left. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Alonso singled to center, Lowrie scored. Healy singled to left center, Alonso to second. Plouffe popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Chirinos singled to center. Odor flied out to center. Napoli singled to left, Chirinos to third. Gómez grounded out to third, Chirinos scored, Napoli to second. Gallo struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Maxwell walked. Rosales singled to right, Maxwell to second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rosales out at second, Maxwell to third. Davis to second on wild pitch by Martínez. Joyce singled to right, Maxwell and Davis scored, Joyce thrown out at first attempting to advance on play. Lowrie fouled out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gray pitching for Athletics. DeShields grounded out to second. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Davis grounded out to pitcher. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Healy fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Mazara doubled to deep right. Chirinos grounded out to third. Odor grounded out to first, Mazara to third. Napoli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Plouffe singled to center. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop, Plouffe to second. Rosales singled to left center, Plouffe scored. Davis reached on infield single to third, Rosales to second. Joyce grounded into double play, shortstop to third to shortstop, Davis out at second, Rosales out at third, Joyce to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Dull pitching for Athletics. Gómez grounded out to third. Gallo walked. DeShields singled to left, Gallo to second. Gallo to third, DeShields to second on wild pitch by Dull. Choo walked. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Andrus singled to left, Gallo and DeShields scored, Choo to second. Mazara doubled to deep left center, Choo and Andrus scored. Chirinos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mazara out at third. Odor fouled out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rua in left field. Kela pitching for Rangers. Lowrie flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. Alonso homered to right (383 feet). Healy struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Montas pitching for Athletics. Napoli struck out looking. Gómez singled to left center. Gallo struck out swinging. Rua singled to right, Gómez to third. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Rua stole second. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Plouffe struck out swinging. Maxwell struck out swinging. Vogt hit for Rosales. Vogt lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 5 - Rangers 6.	Rangers rally earlier for 5th straight win, 6-5 over A's