Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Pillar lined out to left. Donaldson singled to left. Bautista singled to left, Donaldson to second. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Davis doubled to left. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to deep right, Davis to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to right, Davis scored, Lowrie to second. Alonso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Smoak lined out to shortstop. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Healy struck out swinging. Vogt flied out to center. Canha flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Goins singled to left. Maile grounded out to third, Goins to second. Pillar lined out to center. Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop, Goins tagged out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Rosales fouled out to first. Davis grounded out to second. Pinder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Bautista safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Healy. Morales reached on infield single to second, Bautista to second. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to second, Morales out at second, Bautista to third. Tulowitzki singled to right, Bautista scored, Smoak to second. Carrera hit by pitch, Smoak to third, Tulowitzki to second. Goins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Lowrie struck out swinging. Davis fouled out to right. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Maile struck out swinging. Pillar singled to right, Pillar out stretching at second. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Healy flied out to center. Vogt walked. Canha doubled to left, Vogt thrown out at home, Canha to third advancing on throw. Rosales reached on infield single to shortstop, Canha scored. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hahn pitching for Athletics. Bautista flied out to right. Morales grounded out to second. Smoak walked. Tulowitzki lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Pinder struck out swinging. Lowrie singled to right. Davis doubled to deep center, Lowrie scored. Alonso struck out swinging. Healy doubled to left center, Davis scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Phegley hit for Vogt. Phegley struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Phegley catching. Coulombe pitching for Athletics. Barney hit for Carrera. Barney walked. Goins struck out swinging. Maile struck out looking. Madson pitching for Athletics. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barney out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Barney in left field. Leone pitching for Blue Jays. Canha lined out to center. Rosales lined out to left. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Athletics. Donaldson walked. Bautista lined out to center. Morales struck out swinging. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Pinder grounded out to first. Lowrie walked. Davis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lowrie out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Plouffe at third base. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Tulowitzki singled to left. Coghlan hit for Barney. Coghlan grounded out to first, Tulowitzki to second. Goins struck out swinging. Maile struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Athletics 4.	Hahn returns from DL to pitch Athletics past Blue Jays 4-1