Athletics - Top 1st. Fiers pitching for Astros. Joyce flied out to left. Olson struck out looking. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Springer walked. Altuve grounded into fielder's choice to second, Springer out at second. Altuve caught stealing second, catcher to second. Correa walked. Gattis doubled to left, Correa to third. McCann grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Davis hit by pitch. Alonso struck out swinging, Davis stole second. Davis to third on wild pitch by Fiers. Healy struck out swinging. Maxwell singled to center, Davis scored. Barreto flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to third. González singled to center. Bregman flied out to center. Marisnick doubled to deep center, González to third. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Fiers pitching for Astros. Brugman lined out to right. Joyce struck out swinging. Olson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Altuve reached on infield single to shortstop. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis grounded out to pitcher, Altuve to second. McCann grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Lowrie fouled out to left. Davis popped out to shortstop. Alonso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Gurriel singled to center. González flied out to left. Bregman grounded out to third, Gurriel to second. Marisnick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Healy grounded out to shortstop. Maxwell doubled to right center. Barreto struck out swinging. Brugman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Springer reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve singled to center, Springer to second. Correa walked, Springer to third, Altuve to second. Gattis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Springer scored, Correa out at second, Altuve to third. McCann grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Fiers pitching for Astros. Joyce singled to center. Olson grounded out to first, Joyce to second. Lowrie singled to left, Joyce to third. Davis fouled out to catcher. Alonso walked, Lowrie to second. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Healy homered to right (378 feet), Joyce, Lowrie and Alonso scored. Maxwell struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. González struck out swinging. Bregman singled to deep left. Marisnick singled to center, Bregman to second. Madson pitching for Athletics. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hoyt pitching for Astros. Barreto safe at first on error by shortstop Correa. Brugman singled to left, Barreto to second. Joyce flied out to left, Barreto to third. Olson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Brugman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Athletics. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Correa struck out swinging. Gattis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Guduan pitching for Astros. Lowrie doubled to left. Davis doubled to deep left center, Lowrie scored. Alonso lined out to right, Davis to third. Healy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at home. Maxwell singled to center, Healy to third. Barreto walked, Maxwell to second. Davis hit for Brugman. Davis grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Davis in center field. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. McCann grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to first. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Joyce grounded out to shortstop. Olson struck out swinging. Lowrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Hendriks pitching for Athletics. Bregman singled to left. Marisnick singled to left, Bregman to second. Springer homered to right (366 feet), Bregman and Marisnick scored. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Altuve singled to center. Correa singled to right center, Altuve to second. Reddick hit for Gattis. Reddick fouled out to third. McCann grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Correa out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Astros 4.	Healy's 1st slam lifts Athletics over Astros 6-4