Astros - Top 1st. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Maybin struck out looking. Bregman grounded out to shortstop. Altuve flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Peacock pitching for Astros. Powell struck out swinging. Pinder struck out swinging. Healy singled to right. Olson reached on infield single to first, Healy to second. Chapman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Correa reached on infield single to shortstop. Reddick struck out swinging. Gurriel struck out swinging, Correa stole second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Maxwell grounded out to second. Canha grounded out to shortstop. Wendle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Beltrán lined out to right. McCann walked. Kemp flied out to center. Maybin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Peacock pitching for Astros. Barreto struck out swinging. Powell struck out looking. Pinder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Bregman singled to left. Altuve flied out to right. Correa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bregman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Healy struck out swinging. Olson struck out swinging. Chapman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Reddick grounded out to first. Gurriel grounded out to third. Beltrán singled to deep right center. McCann struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Maxwell flied out to left. Canha grounded out to shortstop. Wendle doubled to center. Barreto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Mengden pitching for Athletics. Kemp fouled out to left. Maybin grounded out to third. Bregman walked. Altuve homered to left center (416 feet), Bregman scored. Correa safe at second on error by center fielder Powell. Reddick singled to shallow right, Correa scored. Gurriel flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Peacock pitching for Astros. Powell singled to left center. Pinder grounded out to second, Powell to second. Healy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Powell out at third. Olson homered to right (446 feet), Healy scored. Musgrove pitching for Astros. Chapman doubled to deep right. Maxwell doubled to deep center, Chapman scored. Canha struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Moll pitching for Athletics. Beltrán doubled to left. McCann reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltrán to third. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Springer hit for Kemp. Springer hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltrán scored. Maybin flied out to center. Bregman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Reddick in left field. Springer in right field. Devenski pitching for Astros. Wendle popped out to second. Barreto tripled to right. Powell hit sacrifice fly to center, Barreto scored. Pinder homered to left (429 feet). Healy flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hatcher pitching for Athletics. Altuve grounded out to second. Correa grounded out to shortstop. Reddick walked. Gurriel popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Liriano pitching for Astros. Olson flied out to center. Chapman struck out looking. Maxwell singled to center. Feliz pitching for Astros. Canha doubled to deep left, Maxwell to third. Wendle intentionally walked. Barreto reached on infield single to third, Maxwell scored, Canha to third, Wendle to second. Powell singled to right center, Canha and Wendle scored, Barreto to third. Pinder homered to right (394 feet), Barreto and Powell scored. Healy grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Beltrán walked. McCann struck out swinging. Springer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltrán safe at second on error by shortstop Barreto. Maybin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Springer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Athletics 11.	Walkover: Astros beaten by A's in both ends of doubleheader