Rockies - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Astros. Belliard grounded out to second. Payton singled to right. Helton flied out to left. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Payton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Biggio hit by pitch. Blum grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Biggio out at second. Bagwell singled to center. Berkman reached on infield single to second, Bagwell to second. Bagwell to third, Berkman to second on wild pitch by Cook. Kent walked. Hidalgo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Astros. Wilson struck out looking. Hernandez walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Stynes reached on infield single to pitcher, Hernandez to second. Cook singled to center, Hernandez scored, Stynes to second. Belliard singled to right, Stynes scored, Cook to third. Payton singled to left, Cook scored, Belliard to second. Helton singled to right, Belliard thrown out at home, Payton to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Ausmus doubled to left. Lugo reached on infield single to second, Ausmus to third. Miller struck out bunting foul. Biggio singled to center, Ausmus scored, Lugo to third. Blum popped out to shortstop. Bagwell reached on infield single to shortstop, Lugo scored, Biggio to second. Berkman flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Astros. Walker popped out to shortstop. Wilson popped out to second. Hernandez walked. Johnson flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kent singled to left. Hidalgo singled to left, Kent to second. Ausmus flied out to center, Kent to third. Lugo struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Astros. Stynes doubled to left center. Cook sacrificed to pitcher, Stynes to third. Belliard walked. Munro pitching for Astros. Payton walked, Belliard to second. Helton singled to right, Stynes scored, Belliard to third, Payton to second, Belliard and Payton scored, Helton to third on error by right fielder Hidalgo. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Wilson walked. Hernandez struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Biggio walked. Blum flied out to shallow center. Biggio to second on wild pitch by Cook. Bagwell walked, Biggio stole third. Biggio scored on throwing error by catcher Johnson. Bagwell batting. Berkman walked, Bagwell to second. Kent grounded out to third, Bagwell to third, Berkman to second. Hidalgo fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Munro pitching for Astros. Johnson singled to center. Stynes grounded out to third, Johnson to second. Richard hit for Cook. Richard popped out to second. Belliard singled to center, Johnson scored. Belliard stole second. Payton walked. Speier pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Ausmus fouled out to catcher. Lugo flied out to left. Zaun hit for Munro. Zaun safe at second on error by first baseman Helton. Stone pitching for Astros. Biggio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Stone pitching for Astros. Walker struck out swinging. Wilson singled to center. Hernandez grounded out to third, Wilson to third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Blum grounded out to pitcher. Bagwell grounded out to third. Berkman walked. Kent struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Norton hit for Speier. Stone pitching for Astros. Stynes grounded out to third. Norton lined out to second. Reed pitching for Rockies. Belliard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Ausmus popped out to shortstop. Lidge pitching for Astros. Vizcaino at shortstop. Lugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Payton flied out to right. Helton hit ground rule double to right. Walker flied out to left. Jones pitching for Rockies. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino flied out to center. Biggio struck out looking. Wagner pitching for Astros. Blum flied out to deep right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Astros. Hernandez struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Butler hit for Jones. Stynes singled to center. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Bagwell singled to left. Berkman singled to right, Bagwell to second. Kent singled to left, Bagwell to third, Berkman to second. Hidalgo singled to left, Bagwell and Berkman scored, Kent to second. Merced hit for Wagner. Ausmus bunted into fielder's choice to first, Kent out at third, Hidalgo to second. Merced doubled to right, Hidalgo scored, Ausmus to third. Vizcaino intentionally walked. Hunter ran for Merced. Biggio singled to left, Ausmus and Hunter scored, Vizcaino to second. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Astros 8.	Biggio caps off Astros' rally past Rockies