Rockies - Top 1st. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Belliard doubled to left center. Payton singled to center, Belliard to third. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Belliard scored, Payton to second. Walker intentionally walked. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Loretta grounded out to first. Kotsay singled to center. White singled to left, Kotsay to second. Buchanan walked, Kotsay to third, White to second. Nady walked, Kotsay scored, White to third, Buchanan to second. Merloni walked, White scored, Buchanan to third, Nady to second. Bennett hit sacrifice fly to right, Buchanan scored. Vazquez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Hernandez struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Stynes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Lawrence grounded out to pitcher. Loretta lined out to shortstop. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Oliver struck out swinging. Belliard struck out swinging. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. White grounded out to catcher. Buchanan flied out to shallow center. Nady singled to right center. Merloni grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Helton homered to center. Walker walked. Wilson singled to left, Walker to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to pitcher, Walker to third, Wilson to second. Stynes intentionally walked. Oliver grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stynes out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Bennett hit ground rule double to deep center. Vazquez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bennett out at third. Vazquez caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Lawrence homered to left. Loretta walked. Kotsay singled to center, Loretta to second. White flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Belliard grounded out to second. Payton grounded out to pitcher. Helton popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Buchanan singled to right. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buchanan out at second. Merloni doubled to left center, Nady to third. Bennett hit ground rule double to left, Nady and Merloni scored. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Vazquez flied out to center. Lawrence struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Lawrence pitching for Padres. Walker hit by pitch. Walker to second on wild pitch by Lawrence. Wilson struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to left, Walker to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Stynes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Loretta flied out to center. Kotsay struck out swinging. White singled to left. Victorino ran for White. Victorino caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first. Victorino in left field. Richard hit for Fuentes. Buchanan batting. Herges pitching for Padres. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Padres. Richard struck out swinging. Belliard singled to left. Payton fouled out to catcher. Orosco pitching for Padres. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Helton flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Buchanan walked. Nady struck out swinging. Merloni fouled out to left. Bennett reached on infield single to shortstop, Buchanan to second. Vazquez flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Orosco pitching for Padres. Walker singled to right. Hansen at first base. Hackman pitching for Padres. Wilson walked, Walker to second. Hernandez walked, Walker to third, Wilson to second. Johnson popped out to third. Norton hit for Miceli. Stynes singled to center, Walker and Wilson scored, Hernandez to third. Villafuerte pitching for Padres. Norton fouled out to left. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Belliard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Hansen singled to right. Loretta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hansen out at second. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Villafuerte pitching for Padres. Payton singled to center. Helton struck out swinging. Walker grounded into fielder's choice to second, Payton out at second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Padres 6.	Battery gives Padres an offensive boost vs. Rockies