Rockies - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Payton grounded out to third. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Counsell singled to right. Bautista sacrificed to third, Counsell to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Counsell to third. Williams walked. Overbay doubled to left center, Counsell scored, Williams to third. Spivey grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Walker walked. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. Kapler reached first base on catcher's interference. Kapler batting. Estalella walked, Kapler to second. Stynes doubled to left center, Kapler scored, Estalella out at home, Stynes to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Finley reached on bunt single to second. Moeller grounded out to first, Finley to second. Batista sacrificed to pitcher, Finley to third. Counsell walked. Bautista walked, Counsell to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Oliver grounded out to shortstop. Belliard singled to left. Payton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Williams flied out to shallow left. Overbay flied out to deep center. Spivey fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton flied out to left. Walker grounded out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Finley grounded out to second. Moeller lined out to second. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. Estalella flied out to deep right. Stynes doubled to left. Oliver flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Counsell grounded out to third. Bautista flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard doubled to left. Payton lined out to right. Helton intentionally walked. Walker singled to right, Belliard scored, Helton to third. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Williams flied out to left. Overbay safe at first on error by first baseman Helton. Spivey struck out swinging. Finley walked, Overbay to second. Counsell at second base. Womack at shortstop. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Moeller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Kapler walked. Estalella sacrificed to pitcher, Kapler to second. Stynes grounded out to shortstop, Kapler to third. Richard hit for Oliver. Reed pitching for Rockies. Richard grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Womack flied out to center. Counsell singled to right. Bautista singled to center, Counsell to third. Gonzalez lined into double play, second to first, Bautista doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard grounded out to second. Payton flied out to center. Helton homered to right. Walker singled to right. Hernandez walked, Walker to second. Jones pitching for Rockies. Wilson in center field. Kapler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Overbay singled to center. Grace hit for Koplove. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Dellucci in right field. Grace grounded into double play, third to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Estalella struck out looking. Stynes grounded out to shortstop. Wilson singled to center. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Finley singled to center. Moeller struck out looking. Womack singled to center, Finley to second. Counsell walked, Finley to third, Womack to second. Dellucci singled to center, Finley and Womack scored, Counsell to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Counsell scored, Dellucci to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Struggling D-Backs pick up big win against Rockies