Expos - Top 1st. Young pitching for Rockies. Chavez flied out to center. Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher. Cabrera caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Vidro walked. Guerrero singled to right, Vidro to second. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Day pitching for Expos. Belliard flied out to center. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Helton singled to center. Wilson singled to left, Helton to second. Sweeney flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Rockies. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. Tatis grounded out to pitcher. Barrett grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Day pitching for Expos. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Stynes walked. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Rockies. Day singled to center. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Day to second. Cabrera walked. Vidro hit by pitch, Day to third, Cabrera to second. Guerrero singled to left, Day scored, Cabrera to third, Vidro to second. Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Cabrera scored, Vidro to third, Guerrero to second. Cordero grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Day pitching for Expos. Belliard walked. Vargas pitching for Expos. Belliard caught stealing second, catcher to second. Payton walked. Helton flied out to left. Wilson flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Young pitching for Rockies. Tatis grounded out to third. Barrett grounded out to second. Vargas grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Sweeney singled to left. Hernandez singled to left, Sweeney to third. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center, Sweeney scored. Stynes grounded out to second, Hernandez to second. Young walked. Smith pitching for Expos. Belliard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Young pitching for Rockies. Chavez singled to right. Cabrera singled to right, Chavez to third. Vidro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez scored, Cabrera out at second. Guerrero walked. Wilkerson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Macias at third base. Smith pitching for Expos. Payton walked. Helton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Payton out at second. Wilson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Young pitching for Rockies. Cordero struck out looking. Macias tripled to right center. Calloway hit for Smith. Barrett grounded out to third. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Tucker pitching for Expos. Calloway lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Sweeney flied out to shallow left. Hernandez struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Butler hit for Lopez. Stynes homered to left center, Johnson scored. Speier pitching for Rockies. Butler grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Chavez lined out to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Belliard singled to left center. Payton walked, Belliard to second. Eischen pitching for Expos. Helton singled to center, Belliard scored, Payton to second, Payton thrown out at third attempting to advance on throw. Kapler hit for Sweeney. Wilson flied out to deep center. Kapler in right field. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Guerrero grounded out to third. Wilkerson safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard. Cordero doubled to center, Wilkerson to third. Liefer hit for Barrett. Macias intentionally walked. Schneider hit for Eischen. Liefer flied out to left, Wilkerson scored, Cordero to third, Macias to second on throwing error by left fielder Payton. Schneider catching. Ayala pitching for Expos. Schneider struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Hernandez grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Reed pitching for Rockies. Stynes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Chavez flied out to center. Cabrera walked. Vidro singled to center, Cabrera to third. Norton hit for Reed. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vidro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Norton flied out to deep right. Belliard flied out to right. Jones pitching for Rockies. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 10th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson walked. Cordero singled to right, Wilkerson to second. Mateo hit for Ayala. Macias sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilkerson to third, Cordero to second. Wilkerson caught stealing home, catcher to third to first, Cordero to third, Macias to second on runner's fielder's choice. Mateo singled to center, Cordero and Macias scored. Mateo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Schneider walked. Biddle pitching for Expos. Chavez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Biddle pitching for Expos. Helton singled to right. Wilson struck out swinging. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 6 - Rockies 4.	Expos' Day ejected for sticky situation in third