Dodgers - Top 1st. Cora grounded out to pitcher. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Green grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Belliard doubled to shallow right. Payton doubled to deep right, Belliard scored. Helton walked. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second, Payton to third. Walker tripled to right, Payton and Wilson scored. Hernandez walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Hernandez stole second. Stynes safe at second on error by first baseman McGriff, Walker and Hernandez scored. Cook grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. McGriff grounded out to first. Jordan walked. Kinkade grounded out to third, Jordan to second. Beltre singled to right center, Jordan scored. Izturis struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Belliard flied out to center. Payton flied out to center. Helton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ishii grounded out to second. Cora struck out swinging. Lo Duca grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wilson struck out looking. Walker walked. Hernandez struck out looking. Johnson walked, Walker to second. Stynes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at third, Johnson to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Green singled to left. McGriff struck out looking. Jordan flied out to right. Kinkade singled to left, Green to second. Beltre singled to center, Green scored, Kinkade to second, Kinkade to third, Beltre to second on error by center fielder Wilson. Izturis intentionally walked. Ishii grounded into fielder's choice to third, Beltre out at third, Izturis to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Cook flied out to right center. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Payton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Cora grounded out to second. Lo Duca grounded out to second. Green singled to left. McGriff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Helton popped out to catcher. Wilson struck out swinging. Walker popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Jordan reached on infield single to third. Kinkade grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jordan out at second. Beltre singled to center, Kinkade to third. Coomer hit for Ishii. Izturis grounded out to first, Kinkade scored, Beltre to second. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Coomer grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Hernandez struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Stynes struck out swinging. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Cora grounded out to second. Lo Duca singled to left center. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Green flied out to left. Sweeney hit for Lopez. McGriff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Sweeney struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to second. Payton doubled to right. Helton intentionally walked. Wilson walked, Payton to third, Helton to second. Walker singled to center, Payton and Helton scored, Wilson to third. Speier pitching for Rockies. Kapler in left field. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Jordan grounded out to second. Kinkade struck out swinging. Ashby pitching for Dodgers. Beltre flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Johnson flied out to center. Stynes struck out looking. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Cabrera hit for Ashby. Izturis grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Cora singled to right. Cora to second on fielder's indifference. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 3 - Rockies 7.	Walker's big night helps Rockies cool off Dodgers