Royals - Top 1st. Jones pitching for Rockies. Guiel singled to right. Randa singled to right, Guiel to second. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop, Guiel to third, Randa to second. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Guiel scored, Sweeney out at second, Randa to third. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Randa scored, Ibanez out at second. Berroa singled to right, Beltran to second. Mayne grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Sweeney flied out to center. Uribe grounded out to third. Helton flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Jones pitching for Rockies. Lopez singled to left. Carrasco bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Lopez out at second. Guiel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Vaughn flied out to center. Norton singled to left. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Jones pitching for Rockies. Randa grounded out to third. Sweeney grounded out to second. Ibanez grounded out to third. Vaughn grounded out to shortstop. Norton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Carrasco struck out swinging. Guiel doubled to right center. Randa singled to center, Guiel to third. Sweeney doubled to deep center, Guiel and Randa scored. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Ibanez fouled out to catcher. Beltran homered to left center, Sweeney scored. Berroa safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Norton. Mayne struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for Royals. Hernandez doubled to right center. Estalella singled to right center, Hernandez scored. Oliver lined out to third. Voyles pitching for Royals. Sweeney flied out to left. Uribe walked, Estalella to second. Helton doubled to right, Estalella and Uribe scored. Wilson singled to right, Helton scored. Vaughn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Lopez reached on infield single to third. Voyles struck out bunting foul. Guiel singled to center, Lopez to second. Lopez to third, Guiel to second on passed ball by Estalella. Randa popped out to second. Sweeney intentionally walked. Ibanez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Voyles pitching for Royals. Norton lined out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. Estalella grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Beltran flied out to center. Berroa popped out to shortstop. Mayne walked. Butler hit for Oliver. Lopez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Voyles pitching for Royals. Butler flied out to left. Sweeney flied out to left. Uribe walked. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Relaford hit for Voyles. Helton singled to center, Uribe thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Relaford walked. Guiel lined into double play, shortstop to first, Relaford doubled off first. Randa singled to right. Sweeney walked, Randa to second. Relaford at second base. Gilfillan pitching for Royals. Ibanez flied out to shallow center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Gilfillan pitching for Royals. Wilson doubled to left center. Vaughn grounded out to second, Wilson to third. Norton fouled out to catcher. Walker hit for Estalella. Hernandez walked. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Johnson catching. Walker popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Beltran doubled to deep left. Berroa reached on bunt single to third, Beltran to third. Tucker hit for Gilfillan. Mayne grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran out at home, Berroa to second, Berroa to third, Mayne to second advancing on play. Tucker intentionally walked. Relaford singled to right, Berroa scored, Mayne to third, Tucker to second. Guiel singled to right, Mayne and Tucker scored, Relaford to second. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Stynes hit for Jimenez. Randa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guiel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Stynes struck out swinging. Sweeney walked. Uribe struck out swinging. Sweeney to second on fielder's indifference. Helton singled to right, Sweeney scored. Helton to second on fielder's indifference. Wilson singled to left, Helton to third. Wilson to second on fielder's indifference. Vaughn walked. Norton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vaughn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Rockies 5.	Sweeney at heart of Royals' sweep