Rockies - Top 1st. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Womack reached on bunt single to catcher. Womack stole second. Belliard reached on infield single to third, Womack to third. Helton reached on infield single to shortstop, Womack scored, Belliard to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second, Belliard to third. Payton fouled out to first. Wilson stole second. Reyes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Henderson grounded out to third. Cora grounded out to shortstop. Green singled to center. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Stynes grounded out to third. Estalella flied out to center. Jennings walked. Womack grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jennings out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Burnitz fouled out to third. Beltre lined out to center. Barnes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Helton walked. Wilson struck out swinging. Payton fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Izturis grounded out to second. Nomo flied out to right center. Henderson flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Reyes singled to center. Stynes flied out to deep right. Estalella popped out to third. Reyes out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Jennings batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Cora popped out to third. Green doubled to right. Lo Duca singled to right center, Green scored. Burnitz singled to right, Lo Duca to third. Beltre hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Lo Duca scored, Burnitz to second. Barnes walked. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barnes out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Jennings flied out to center. Womack fouled out to left. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Nomo grounded out to third. Henderson safe at first on error by third baseman Stynes. Cora singled to right, Henderson to third. Green flied out to shallow center. Lo Duca doubled to left, Henderson and Cora scored. Burnitz intentionally walked. Lo Duca caught stealing third, catcher to third to second. Beltre batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Helton flied out to right. Wilson singled to left. Wilson stole second. Payton walked. Reyes safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre, Wilson to third, Payton to second. Stynes singled to center, Wilson scored, Payton to third, Reyes to second. Estalella grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stynes out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Beltre flied out to left. Barnes grounded out to first. Izturis out (hit by own batted ball) to catcher. Sweeney hit for Jennings. Izturis batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Nomo pitching for Dodgers. Sweeney flied out to left center. Womack bunt grounded out to catcher. Cook pitching for Rockies. Cabrera hit for Nomo. Belliard fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Ruan grounded out to third. Henderson grounded out to third. Cora flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Helton grounded out to second. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Wilson struck out looking. Payton singled to right center. Reyes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Green doubled to right center. Lo Duca reached on bunt single to first, Green to third. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Burnitz singled to center, Green scored, Lo Duca to second. Reed pitching for Rockies. Beltre struck out swinging. Barnes singled to shallow right, Lo Duca to third, Burnitz to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lo Duca out at home, Burnitz to third, Barnes to second. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Ruan flied out to left. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Norton hit for Estalella. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Stynes grounded out to third. Bellhorn hit for Reed. Norton fouled out to third. Bellhorn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Dodgers 5.	Lo Duca, Dodgers clean up against Rockies