Marlins - Top 1st. Oliver pitching for Rockies. Pierre struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. Vance pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Marlins. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Stynes singled to left. Helton doubled to right, Stynes to third. Wilson lined out to shortstop. Payton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Vance pitching for Rockies. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion lined out to center. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Marlins. Reyes grounded out to first. Johnson flied out to center. Uribe singled to left. Vance grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Vance pitching for Rockies. Cabrera singled to right. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Redman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Marlins. Belliard struck out looking. Stynes doubled to right. Helton grounded out to second, Stynes to third. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Payton struck out swinging. Reyes grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Lowell flied out to right. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Lee doubled to deep left. Cabrera singled to center, Lee scored. Gonzalez fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Uribe doubled to deep center. Vance sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Uribe to third. Belliard singled to left, Uribe scored, Vance to second. Stynes sacrificed to first, Vance to third, Belliard to second. Helton intentionally walked. Vance scored, Belliard to third, Helton to second on wild pitch by Redman. Wilson doubled to deep left, Belliard and Helton scored. Payton grounded out to shortstop, Wilson to third. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Vance pitching for Rockies. Redman grounded out to second. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Redman pitching for Marlins. Johnson doubled to shallow right. Atkins hit for Vance. Uribe doubled to left center, Johnson scored. Atkins walked. Belliard batting. Stynes tripled to right, Uribe and Belliard scored. Helton singled to shallow left center, Stynes scored. Fox pitching for Marlins. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. Atkins at third base. Cook pitching for Rockies. Payton flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez flied out to right. Lowell singled to left. Encarnacion doubled to center, Lowell scored. Lee singled to center, Encarnacion to third. Cabrera singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Lee to second. Banks hit for Fox. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cabrera out at second, Lee to third. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Bump pitching for Marlins. Banks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Reyes grounded out to second. Johnson walked. Uribe hit by pitch, Johnson to second. Atkins hit by pitch, Johnson to third, Uribe to second. Belliard grounded out to second, Johnson scored, Uribe to third, Atkins to second. Fuentes grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Pierre singled to left. Castillo flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Lowell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Helton lined out to pitcher. Wilson struck out looking. Reed pitching for Rockies. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Rockies 9.	Colorado 9, Florida 3