Blue Jays - Top 1st . House pitching for Indians . Travis grounded out to pitcher . Donaldson grounded out to third . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis grounded out to first . Aviles flied out to center . Brantley doubled to deep center . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . House pitching for Indians . Encarnación grounded out to third . Valencia grounded out to third . Martin walked . Pillar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Blue Jays . Moss lined out to right . Raburn singled to center . Chisenhall walked , Raburn to second . Pérez walked , Raburn to third , Chisenhall to second . Bourn popped out to second . Kipnis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . House pitching for Indians . Pompey grounded out to second . Diaz grounded out to third . Travis walked . Donaldson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles struck out swinging . Brantley grounded out to second . Santana singled to right . Moss reached on infield single to second , Santana to second . Santana to third , Moss to second on wild pitch by Norris . Raburn grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . House pitching for Indians . Bautista walked . Encarnación singled to right , Bautista to third . Valencia singled to right , Bautista scored , Encarnación to second . Martin doubled to deep right , Encarnación scored , Valencia to third . Pillar doubled to left , Valencia and Martin scored . Webb pitching for Indians . Pompey grounded out to pitcher , Pillar to third . Diaz sacrificed to pitcher , Pillar scored . Travis grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Francis pitching for Blue Jays . Chisenhall lined out to right . Pérez struck out swinging . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Indians . Donaldson grounded out to second . Bautista doubled to deep center . Encarnación singled to right , Bautista thrown out at home , Encarnación to second advancing on throw . Valencia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Francis pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Aviles doubled to deep right center . Brantley singled to left , Aviles scored . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Brantley out at second . Moss flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Indians . Martin lined out to shortstop . Pillar grounded out to third . Pompey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Francis pitching for Blue Jays . Raburn singled to left center . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Pérez struck out looking . Raburn to second on wild pitch by Osuna . Bourn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Diaz grounded out to second . Travis struck out swinging . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Osuna pitching for Blue Jays . Kipnis flied out to left . Aviles lined out to second . Brantley doubled to deep right . Santana struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Bautista struck out looking . Encarnación struck out looking . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Moss reached on infield single to third . Raburn singled to right , Moss to second . Chisenhall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Raburn out at second , Moss to third . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Chisenhall out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Martin walked . Pillar flied out to right . Pompey singled to left , Martin to second . Diaz walked , Martin to third , Pompey to second . Travis grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Martin out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Smoak at first base . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Bourn reached on bunt single to first . Kipnis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bourn out at second . Aviles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kipnis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Indians 1 .	Big 4th inning , bullpen lead Blue Jays past Indians 5 - 1