Indians - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Ramírez struck out looking . Lindor lined out to third . Brantley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Betts flied out to center . Holt tripled to deep right . Bogaerts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Holt out at home . Ortiz doubled to deep right , Bogaerts scored . Ramírez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Santana struck out looking . Raburn struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Sandoval singled to left . Shaw singled to center , Sandoval to second . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sandoval out at third , Shaw to second , Shaw to third , Castillo to second on throwing error by third baseman Aviles . Swihart walked . Betts doubled to left , Shaw , Castillo and Swihart scored . Holt singled to right , Betts scored . Holt to second on passed ball by Pérez . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Crockett pitching for Indians . Ortiz grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Almonte struck out swinging . Sands struck out swinging . Aviles grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Crockett pitching for Indians . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval grounded out to third . Shaw singled to center . Castillo walked , Shaw to second . Swihart singled to right , Shaw scored , Castillo out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . Lindor singled to center . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lindor out at second . Santana grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Indians . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Holt grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Raburn grounded out to second . Pérez grounded out to third . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Indians . Ortiz doubled to center . Ramírez grounded out to second . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . Shaw singled to left , Ortiz to third . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop , Ortiz scored , Shaw to second . Adams pitching for Indians . Swihart grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Sands grounded out to third . Aviles flied out to center . Ramírez singled to center . Lindor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Adams pitching for Indians . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Holt lined out to left . Bogaerts doubled to deep center . Ortiz walked . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Brantley homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Santana singled to right . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santana out at second . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Adams pitching for Indians . Sandoval singled to center . Shaw singled to right , Sandoval to second . Manship pitching for Indians . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Shaw out at second , Sandoval to third . Swihart singled to center , Sandoval scored , Castillo to second . Betts lined out to left . Holt singled to shallow left , Castillo scored , Swihart to second . Bogaerts flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Holt at shortstop . Rutledge at second base . Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox . Almonte popped out to second . Sands singled to center . Aviles singled to center , Sands to second . Ramírez flied out to center . Lindor grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Manship pitching for Indians . Ortiz grounded out to third . Ramírez grounded out to third . Sandoval popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Machí pitching for Red Sox . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana flied out to right . Kipnis hit for Raburn . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 1 - Red Sox 9 .	Red Sox rout Indians 9 - 1 , Shaw goes 4 for 4