Yankees - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gardner flied out to center . Cano struck out swinging . Youkilis hit by pitch . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Jackson safe at first on error by shortstop Nix . Hunter flied out to right . Cabrera singled to deep right center , Jackson to third . Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center , Jackson scored . Martinez singled to right center , Cabrera to second . Dirks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Wells homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Boesch tripled to deep right . Cervelli flied out to right , Boesch out at home . Overbay doubled to deep right . Nix struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Peralta lined out to left . Avila flied out to left . Santiago struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gardner struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to second . Youkilis doubled to deep left center . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hunter singled to right . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Hunter to third . Fielder flied out to left . Martinez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Wells struck out swinging . Boesch grounded out to second . Cervelli popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Dirks struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to deep left . Avila flied out to right . Santiago struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Overbay flied out to left . Nix struck out swinging . Gardner popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Jackson singled to left . Hunter doubled to deep right center , Jackson scored . Cabrera singled to center , Hunter scored . Logan pitching for Yankees . Fielder singled to right , Cabrera to third . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Fielder to second on throwing error by right fielder Boesch . Dirks reached on infield single to first , Fielder to third . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Peralta singled to left center , Fielder scored , Dirks to second . Avila flied out to right . Santiago struck out looking . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cano walked . Youkilis walked , Cano to second . Hafner singled to center , Cano scored , Youkilis to second . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Wells walked , Youkilis to third , Hafner to second . Boesch lined into double play , to first , Wells doubled off first . Cervelli walked . Overbay singled to deep right , Youkilis and Hafner scored , Cervelli to third . Nix grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Overbay out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Jackson singled to right center . Hunter singled to left center , Jackson to second . Cabrera walked , Jackson to third , Hunter to second . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson scored , Cabrera out at second , Hunter to third . Martinez struck out looking . Dirks singled to right , Hunter scored , Fielder to third . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dirks out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Downs pitching for Tigers . Gardner flied out to center . Cano struck out looking . Youkilis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Avila singled to right . Santiago lined into double play , right to first , Avila doubled off first . Jackson singled to center . Hunter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Downs pitching for Tigers . Hafner walked . Wells fouled out to second . Boesch grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hafner out at second . Cervelli popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Cabrera singled to center . Fielder walked , Cabrera to second . Cabrera to third , Fielder to second on wild pitch by Chamberlain . Martinez walked . Dirks hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Peralta struck out swinging . Fielder caught stealing third , catcher to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Overbay grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki hit for Nix . Suzuki struck out swinging . Gardner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Tigers 8 .	Cabrera goes 4 - for-4 as Tigers drub Yanks