Royals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Butler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Royals . Jackson flied out to left . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Fielder fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Hosmer doubled to deep right center . Cain grounded out to second , Hosmer to third . Moustakas grounded out to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to first . Dirks grounded out to second . Peralta singled to left . Avila walked , Peralta to second . Infante singled to left , Peralta scored , Avila to second . Jackson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Perez singled to right . Getz singled to shallow right , Perez to second . Gordon doubled to right , Perez scored , Getz to third . Escobar singled to shallow left , Getz scored , Gordon to third . Butler singled to center , Gordon scored , Escobar to third . Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded out to third . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Fielder walked . Martinez doubled to right , Cabrera scored , Fielder to third . Dirks flied out to left . Peralta singled to right , Fielder scored , Martinez thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Moustakas struck out swinging . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Perez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Royals . Avila walked . Infante singled to left , Avila to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Avila out at third , Infante to second . Hunter safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas , Infante scored , Jackson to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Jackson scored . Fielder walked , Hunter to second . Martinez singled to left center , Hunter scored , Fielder to second . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Fielder to third , Martinez to second on wild pitch by Mendoza . Dirks walked . Peralta walked , Fielder scored , Martinez to third , Dirks to second . Avila flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Getz walked . Gordon walked , Getz to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Getz to third , Gordon to second . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Getz out at home , Gordon to third , Escobar to second . Hosmer walked , Gordon scored , Escobar to third , Butler to second . Cain struck out looking . Moustakas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Infante tripled to deep center . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter flied out to right . Cabrera walked . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Perez singled to center . Getz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez out at second . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Dirks grounded out to pitcher . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Escobar struck out swinging . Butler struck out swinging . Hosmer walked . Cain walked , Hosmer to second . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Moustakas popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Gutierrez pitching for Royals . Avila grounded out to second . Infante flied out to right . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Francoeur grounded out to third . Perez struck out swinging . Getz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Gutierrez pitching for Royals . Hunter grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . Fielder walked . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Gordon flied out to left . Escobar grounded out to second . Butler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Tigers 7 .	Valverde returns , posts save in Tigers ' win