Indians - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Bourn singled to right . Kipnis walked , Bourn to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kipnis out at second , Bourn to third . Swisher doubled to deep right , Bourn scored , Cabrera to third . Santana walked . Giambi walked , Cabrera scored , Swisher to third , Santana to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Brantley flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Jackson struck out looking . Hunter lined out to right . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall flied out to right . Bourn struck out swinging . Kipnis singled to right . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Kipnis scored , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Swisher walked . Santana grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Fielder grounded out to second . Martinez struck out looking . Dirks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Giambi struck out looking . Reynolds struck out looking . Brantley doubled to deep right . Chisenhall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Peralta homered to left center ( 403 feet ) . Avila flied out to center . Infante struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Bourn struck out swinging . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left . Fielder doubled to left , Cabrera to third . Martinez grounded out to first . Dirks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Swisher walked . Santana grounded out to first , Swisher to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Giambi struck out swinging . Reynolds singled to right center , Swisher scored . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Peralta walked . Avila struck out swinging , Peralta stole second . Infante struck out swinging . Peralta to third on wild pitch by Jimenez . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Chisenhall popped out to shortstop . Bourn singled to center . Bourn stole second . Kipnis struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left center , Bourn scored . Swisher flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Fielder popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to first . Giambi flied out to right . Reynolds walked . Brantley singled to left center , Reynolds to second . Aviles hit for Chisenhall . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Aviles singled to left , Reynolds scored , Aviles to second , Brantley to second , Brantley to third advancing on throw . Bourn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Aviles at third base . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Martinez doubled to left . Tuiasosopo hit for Dirks . Tuiasosopo walked . Peralta walked , Martinez to third , Tuiasosopo to second . Pena hit for Avila . Allen pitching for Indians . Pena hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Infante tripled to deep right center , Tuiasosopo and Peralta scored . Jackson grounded out to second , Infante scored . Hunter grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Tuiasosopo in left field . Pena catching . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Kipnis walked . Cabrera singled to center , Kipnis to second . Swisher struck out swinging . Santana reached on infield single to pitcher , Kipnis to third , Cabrera to second . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center , Kipnis scored , Cabrera to third . Reynolds walked , Santana to second . Downs pitching for Tigers . Stubbs ran for Reynolds . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stubbs out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Swisher at first base . Stubbs in right field . Smith pitching for Indians . Cabrera flied out to right . Fielder hit by pitch . Martinez walked , Fielder to second . Kelly ran for Martinez . Tuiasosopo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kelly out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Downs pitching for Tigers . Aviles popped out to shortstop . Bourn flied out to center . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out looking . Pena safe at first on error by first baseman Swisher . Infante singled to left , Pena to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Infante out at second , Pena to third . Hunter singled to right , Pena scored , Jackson to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Indians 7 - Tigers 6 .	Jimenez , Indians top Verlander