Tigers - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Infante flied out to left . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Andrus struck out swinging . Murphy reached on infield single to second . Berkman struck out looking . Murphy caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Tuiasosopo walked . Peralta doubled to center , Tuiasosopo to third . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tuiasosopo out at home , Peralta to third . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Beltre doubled to right . Cruz grounded out to third , Beltre to third . Moreland hit sacrifice fly to right , Beltre scored . Soto singled to left . Gentry flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Infante doubled to deep left . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop , Infante to third . Cabrera homered to right center ( 453 feet ) , Infante and Hunter scored . Fielder grounded out to first . Martinez struck out looking . Tuiasosopo walked . Tuiasosopo to second on wild pitch by Holland . Peralta struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Garcia grounded out to second . Andrus reached on infield single to third , Andrus to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera . Murphy grounded out to shortstop , Andrus to third . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Pena singled to center . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . Infante flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Beltre flied out to right . Cruz struck out looking . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Fielder doubled to deep right . Martinez grounded out to third . Tuiasosopo walked . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Soto doubled to left . Gentry singled to center , Soto to third . Garcia flied out to left . Gentry stole second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , Soto scored , Gentry to third . Murphy walked . Berkman singled to center , Gentry scored , Murphy to second . Beltre doubled to left , Murphy and Berkman scored . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltre to third . Downs pitching for Tigers . Moreland flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Pena singled to right center . Dirks hit for Garcia . Dirks flied out to center . Infante reached on bunt single to third , Pena to second . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera intentionally walked , Pena to third , Infante to second . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Fielder doubled to deep center , Pena , Infante and Cabrera scored . Martinez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Dirks in center field . Ortega pitching for Tigers . Soto singled to left . Martin hit for Gentry . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Soto out at second . Garcia flied out to left . Martin stole second . Andrus walked . Murphy homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Martin and Andrus scored . Berkman singled to center . Beltre singled to left , Berkman to second . Cruz walked , Berkman to third , Beltre to second . Moreland reached on infield single to shortstop , Berkman scored , Beltre to third , Cruz to second . Soto flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Martin in center field . Ross pitching for Rangers . Tuiasosopo grounded out to first . Peralta doubled to deep left . Pena struck out looking . Dirks struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Martin doubled to left . Garcia sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martin to third . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , Garcia to second . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to left , Martin scored , Garcia to third . Berkman singled to center , Garcia scored . Reed pitching for Tigers . Beltre singled to right , Berkman to second . Berkman to third , Beltre to second on wild pitch by Reed . Cruz popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Infante flied out to left . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Fielder walked . Martinez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Moreland singled to center . Soto grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moreland out at second . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Tuiasosopo walked . Peralta grounded out to second , Tuiasosopo to second . Pena popped out to second . Dirks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Rangers 11 .	Cabrera belts 3 , but Tigers lose