Indians - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Bourn grounded out to second . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . Swisher walked . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Dirks struck out swinging . Hunter doubled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to first . Reynolds struck out swinging . Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Martinez homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Peralta walked . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Peralta out at second . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pena safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Swisher . Garcia walked , Pena to third , Santiago to second . Dirks struck out swinging . Hunter reached on infield single to shortstop , Pena scored , Santiago to third , Garcia to second . Cabrera walked , Santiago scored , Garcia to third , Hunter to second . Fielder flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Aviles flied out to left . Stubbs grounded out to third . Bourn singled to right . Kipnis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to second . Peralta singled to right . Pena lined out to right . Santiago grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Swisher struck out swinging . Brantley popped out to second . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Garcia doubled to deep left center . Dirks singled to center , Garcia scored . Hunter singled to right , Dirks to third . Albers pitching for Indians . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Dirks scored , Hunter out at second . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Reynolds reached on infield single to shortstop . Giambi flied out to left . Aviles singled to right , Reynolds to second . Stubbs reached on infield single to third , Reynolds to third , Aviles to second . Bourn singled to left , Reynolds scored , Aviles to third , Stubbs to second . Kipnis doubled to deep right , Aviles and Stubbs scored , Bourn to third . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Brantley flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Albers pitching for Indians . Martinez singled to left . Peralta safe at first on error by first baseman Swisher , Martinez to third . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martinez scored , Peralta out at second . Santiago singled to left center . Garcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Santiago out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana fouled out to catcher . Reynolds singled to left . Giambi walked , Reynolds to second . Aviles popped out to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hagadone pitching for Indians . Dirks lined out to third . Shaw pitching for Indians . Hunter struck out swinging . Cabrera fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Bourn struck out swinging . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Swisher lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Fielder flied out to left . Martinez doubled to right . Peralta flied out to right . Hill pitching for Indians . Pena singled to right , Martinez scored . Pena caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to first to shortstop . Santiago batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana popped out to third . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Langwell pitching for Indians . Santiago flied out to center . Garcia flied out to right . Dirks singled to center . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Giambi homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Aviles struck out swinging . Stubbs homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Bourn flied out to left . Kipnis singled to left center . Kipnis to second on fielder 's indifference . Swisher grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Tigers 7 .	Tigers top Indians to widen AL Central lead