Phillies - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Rollins lined out to first . Young singled to right . Utley lined out to center . Ruf grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Pettibone pitching for Phillies . Jackson walked . Kelly grounded out to second , Jackson to second . Cabrera walked . Fielder grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Frandsen grounded out to second . Mayberry Jr. walked . Nix grounded out to shortstop , Mayberry Jr. to second . Ruiz singled to center , Mayberry Jr. scored . Susdorf grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Pettibone pitching for Phillies . Martinez lined out to center . Peralta grounded out to third . Dirks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Rollins flied out to left . Young grounded out to third . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Pettibone pitching for Phillies . Avila hit ground rule double to deep left center . Santiago singled to left , Avila to third . Jackson walked , Santiago to second . Kelly fouled out to third . Tuiasosopo hit for Cabrera . Tuiasosopo struck out looking . Fielder fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Kelly at third base . Tuiasosopo in left field . Dirks in right field . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Ruf struck out swinging . Frandsen hit ground rule double to deep right . Mayberry Jr. singled to center , Frandsen to third . Nix singled to right , Frandsen scored , Mayberry Jr. to third . Ruiz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nix out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Pettibone pitching for Phillies . Martinez walked . Peralta singled to left , Martinez to second . Dirks flied out to left . Avila grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Susdorf doubled to deep right . Rollins sacrificed to pitcher , Susdorf to third . Young struck out looking . Utley intentionally walked . Ruf singled to center , Susdorf scored , Utley to second . Frandsen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Utley out at third , Ruf to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Pettibone pitching for Phillies . Santiago reached on bunt single to second . Jackson singled to right , Santiago to second . Kelly singled to center , Santiago to third , Jackson to second . Tuiasosopo singled to right , Santiago scored , Jackson to third , Kelly to second . Fielder grounded out to second , Jackson scored , Kelly to third , Tuiasosopo to second . Martinez grounded out to first , Kelly scored , Tuiasosopo to third . Peralta popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Nix grounded out to first . Ruiz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Dirks walked . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Dirks safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Diekman . Santiago reached on bunt single to pitcher , Dirks to third , Avila to second . Jackson flied out to right . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to left , Dirks scored , Avila to third , Santiago to second , Kelly to first on error by left fielder Susdorf . Garcia pitching for Phillies . Tuiasosopo walked , Avila scored , Santiago to third , Kelly to second . Perez ran for Tuiasosopo . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Santiago scored on throwing error by first baseman Ruf , Kelly to third , Perez to second . Martinez walked , Kelly scored , Perez to third , Fielder to second . Peralta homered to left , Perez , Fielder and Martinez scored . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Dirks struck out swinging . Avila struck out looking . 8 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Kelly in right field . Perez at second base . Dirks in left field . Santiago at third base . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Susdorf flied out to left . McDonald hit for Rollins . McDonald struck out looking . Martinez hit for Young . Martinez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . McDonald at shortstop . Martinez at third base . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Santiago fouled out to catcher . Jackson doubled to center . Kelly walked . Perez singled to left , Jackson scored , Kelly to second . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Perez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rondon pitching for Tigers . Utley grounded out to shortstop . Ruf doubled to left . Frandsen singled to center , Ruf scored , Frandsen out stretching at second . Mayberry Jr. lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Martinez singled to right . Peralta fouled out to left . Dirks singled to shallow right , Martinez to second . Avila struck out swinging . Santiago walked , Martinez to third , Dirks to second . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Nix flied out to center . Ruiz flied out to right . Susdorf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 4 - Tigers 12 .	Slam caps eight - run 6th as Tigers rout Phils