Nationals - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Span walked . Harper singled to right , Span to second . Span to third , Harper to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Zimmerman walked . Werth hit sacrifice fly to right , Span scored , Harper to third . LaRoche struck out swinging . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Jackson flied out to right . Hunter hit ground rule double to deep right . Tuiasosopo flied out to right , Hunter to third . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Rendon struck out looking . Suzuki flied out to right . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Martinez singled to left . Peralta doubled to deep left center , Martinez to third . Perez struck out swinging . Santiago doubled to left , Martinez and Peralta scored . Avila homered to left ( 368 feet ) , Santiago scored . Jackson lined out to third . Hunter homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Tuiasosopo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rendon . Fielder struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Span singled to center . Harper popped out to second . Zimmerman fouled out to catcher . Werth walked , Span to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta flied out to right . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Desmond walked . Rendon struck out swinging , Desmond stole second . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Santiago struck out swinging . Avila walked . Jackson singled to center , Avila to third . Hunter singled to right , Avila scored , Jackson to second . Tuiasosopo singled to left , Jackson scored , Hunter to third . Fielder singled to right center , Hunter scored , Tuiasosopo to third . Martinez singled to right , Tuiasosopo scored , Fielder to second . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Peralta flied out to center . Perez singled to right , Fielder scored , Martinez to second . Santiago walked , Martinez to third , Perez to second . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Avila struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Span reached on infield single to second . Harper singled to left , Span to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second , Span to third . Werth walked . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Tuiasosopo walked . Fielder flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Desmond struck out looking . Rendon flied out to left . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Martinez lined out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Kelly at first base . Lombardozzi popped out to first . Span grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Nationals . Santiago walked . Avila singled to center , Santiago to second . Jackson flied out to left . Hunter doubled to deep right , Santiago scored , Hunter out at second , Avila to third . Tuiasosopo popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Werth grounded out to pitcher . LaRoche fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bernadina in left field . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Kelly flied out to left . Martinez singled to right . Dirks ran for Martinez . Peralta walked , Dirks to second . Perez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Tigers . Desmond grounded out to first . Rendon reached on infield single to third . Rendon to second on balk by Reed . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher , Rendon to third . Lombardozzi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 1 - Tigers 11 .	Tigers pound Nationals