Athletics - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Crisp walked . Donaldson singled to right , Crisp to second . Crisp to third , Donaldson to second on wild pitch by Verlander . Lowrie doubled to right , Crisp and Donaldson scored . Moss struck out swinging . Cespedes struck out swinging . Smith walked . Callaspo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Milone pitching for Athletics . Jackson walked . Hunter singled to right , Jackson to second . Cabrera walked , Jackson to third , Hunter to second . Fielder singled to right center , Jackson and Hunter scored , Cabrera to second . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second , Cabrera to third . Infante safe at second on error by second baseman Callaspo , Cabrera scored . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Vogt grounded out to first . Crisp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Avila grounded out to first . Iglesias popped out to third . Jackson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Donaldson lined out to right . Lowrie flied out to left . Moss walked . Cespedes doubled to deep left , Moss scored . Smith grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Milone pitching for Athletics . Hunter flied out to center . Cabrera flied out to left . Fielder walked . Martinez singled to right , Fielder to third . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Callaspo flied out to left . Barton lined out to right . Vogt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Tuiasosopo struck out swinging . Avila flied out to center . Iglesias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Crisp flied out to left . Donaldson safe at first on error by second baseman Infante . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson out at second . Moss homered to left center ( 418 feet ) , Lowrie scored . Cespedes flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Milone pitching for Athletics . Jackson grounded out to third . Hunter grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Rondon pitching for Tigers . Smith homered to right center ( 421 feet ) . Callaspo singled to center . Barton walked , Callaspo to second . Vogt singled to right , Callaspo to third , Barton to second . Crisp batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Tigers 3 .	Moss , A 's get rain - shortened win over Tigers