Athletics - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Crisp flied out to center . Donaldson doubled to deep center . Lowrie popped out to third . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Straily pitching for Athletics . Jackson grounded out to second . Hunter singled to center . Cabrera flied out to right . Fielder popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Cespedes singled to center . Barton singled to left center , Cespedes to second . Callaspo singled to left , Cespedes to third , Barton to second . Sogard singled to shallow right , Cespedes scored , Barton to third , Callaspo to second . Suzuki singled to center , Barton scored , Callaspo to third , Sogard to second . Crisp flied out to right . Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to right , Callaspo scored . Lowrie flied out to center . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Martinez singled to center . Dirks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . Infante reached on infield single to shortstop . Avila singled to center , Infante to third . Iglesias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Moss singled to right . Cespedes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moss out at second . Barton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Cespedes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Straily pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Hunter homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Cabrera singled to deep right . Fielder flied out to center . Martinez singled to center , Cabrera to second . Dirks flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Callaspo popped out to shortstop . Sogard struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Infante walked . Avila lined into double play , to first , Infante doubled off first . Iglesias walked . Iglesias stole second , Iglesias safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Crisp grounded out to first . Donaldson reached on infield single to shortstop . Lowrie singled to right , Donaldson to third . Moss doubled to deep center , Donaldson scored , Lowrie to third . Cespedes singled to left , Lowrie scored , Moss to third . Barton fouled out to third . Callaspo singled to right , Moss scored , Cespedes to second . Sogard singled to center , Cespedes scored , Callaspo thrown out at third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Hunter hit ground rule double to deep right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Tigers . Suzuki singled to right . Suzuki to second on passed ball by Avila . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson flied out to center , Suzuki to third . Lowrie doubled to deep right , Suzuki scored . Moss homered to right center ( 434 feet ) , Lowrie scored . Cespedes struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Straily pitching for Athletics . Dirks flied out to right . Infante popped out to shortstop . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Kelly at third base . Tuiasosopo at first base . Alvarez pitching for Tigers . Barton grounded out to first . Callaspo flied out to center . Sogard lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Santiago at second base . Alvarez pitching for Tigers . Suzuki doubled to deep center . Young hit for Crisp . Young popped out to first . Donaldson singled to deep right , Suzuki scored . Smyly pitching for Tigers . Lowrie doubled to deep left , Donaldson to third . Moss homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Donaldson and Lowrie scored . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Cespedes struck out swinging . Freiman hit for Barton . Freiman struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Young in center field . Smith in left field . Freiman at first base . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Kelly flied out to center . Tuiasosopo singled to right . Martinez singled to right , Tuiasosopo to third . Dirks singled to center , Tuiasosopo scored , Martinez to second . Santiago fouled out to third . Avila doubled to center , Martinez and Dirks scored . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Callaspo singled to right center . Sogard flied out to center . Callaspo to second on wild pitch by Bonderman . Suzuki grounded out to third . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Hunter grounded out to pitcher . Kelly singled to shallow left center . Tuiasosopo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 14 - Tigers 4 .	Moss hits 2 HRs as A 's drill Tigers