Rockies - Top 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Dickerson walked . Dickerson stole second . Dickerson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Cuddyer grounded out to second , Dickerson scored . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to right . Rosario flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Yelich flied out to center . Baker singled to right . Stanton doubled to left , Baker to third . McGehee walked . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baker scored , McGehee out at second , Stanton to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Barnes popped out to shortstop . Culberson singled to left . Morales grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Hechavarria singled to left center . Mathis singled to center , Hechavarria to second . Turner bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hechavarria out at third , Mathis to second . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second , Mathis to third . Baker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Dickerson singled to center . Cuddyer homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Dickerson scored . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Tulowitzki walked . Rosario singled to right , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado singled to center , Tulowitzki scored , Rosario to second . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at third , Arenado to second . Culberson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barnes out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Stanton lined out to left . McGehee walked . McGehee to second on balk by Morales . Jones struck out swinging . Ozuna reached on infield single to second , McGehee scored . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Morales walked . Dickerson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morales out at second . Cuddyer grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Mathis struck out swinging . Turner doubled to deep left . Yelich grounded out to third . Baker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Tulowitzki tripled to right . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Arenado singled to left , Tulowitzki scored . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Stanton lined out to shortstop . McGehee grounded out to third . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Culberson grounded out to shortstop . Morales flied out to left . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ozuna singled to left . Hechavarria doubled to left , Ozuna scored , Hechavarria to third on error by catcher Rosario . Mathis popped out to second . Johnson hit for Turner . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Johnson struck out swinging . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 7th . Marmol pitching for Marlins . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to shallow center . Gonzalez stole second . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Marmol . Rosario struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Baker popped out to first . Stanton walked . McGehee tripled to deep right , Stanton scored . Jones popped out to shortstop . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Arenado struck out swinging . Barnes flied out to right . Culberson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Stubbs in center field . Belisle pitching for Rockies . LeMahieu at second base . Hechavarria singled to right . Mathis sacrificed to first , Hechavarria to second . Saltalamacchia hit for Ramos . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Yelich singled to left , Hechavarria scored . Yelich stole second . Baker walked . Stanton singled to center , Yelich scored , Baker to third , Stanton to second advancing on throw . McGehee singled to center , Baker and Stanton scored . Jones struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Saltalamacchia catching . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Blackmon hit for Stubbs . Blackmon grounded out to third . Cuddyer singled to left . Cuddyer to second on fielder 's indifference . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Marlins 8 .	Marlins rally late , take 3 of 4 from Rockies