Mariners - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Almonte struck out swinging . Miller flied out to left . Cano singled to left center . Hart lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Mariners . Yelich grounded out to second . Ozuna doubled to deep center . Stanton singled to center , Ozuna scored . Jones lined out to right . Stanton to second on wild pitch by Young . McGehee singled to left , Stanton scored , McGehee to second on throwing error by third baseman Seager . Saltalamacchia walked . Dietrich flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Saunders singled to right center . Seager flied out to center . Ackley singled to deep right , Saunders to second , Ackley and Saunders scored on error by right fielder Stanton . Zunino grounded out to third . Young grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Mariners . Hechavarria walked . Hechavarria caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Eovaldi singled to right . Yelich singled to center , Eovaldi to third , Yelich to second advancing on throw . Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to center , Eovaldi scored . Stanton intentionally walked . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Yelich out at home , Stanton to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Almonte struck out swinging . Miller grounded out to second . Cano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Mariners . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Saltalamacchia homered to right ( 429 feet ) . Dietrich grounded out to second . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Hart singled to center . Saunders flied out to center . Seager doubled to deep right , Hart to third . Ackley struck out swinging . Zunino intentionally walked . Franklin hit for Young . Franklin grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Eovaldi struck out swinging . Yelich doubled to left . Ozuna grounded out to second , Yelich to third . Stanton intentionally walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Almonte tripled to deep right center . Miller grounded out to first , Almonte scored . Cano grounded out to first . Hart grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Mariners . McGehee struck out swinging . Saltalamacchia singled to left . Saltalamacchia picked off first . Dietrich hit by pitch . Hechavarria grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Saunders walked . Seager singled to center , Saunders to second . Ackley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second , Saunders to third . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Dobbs hit for Eovaldi . Dobbs flied out to center . Yelich lined out to center . Ozuna flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Romero hit for Wilhelmsen . Romero flied out to right . Almonte doubled to deep center . Miller safe at first on error by second baseman Dietrich , Almonte to third . Cano popped out to shortstop . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Hart singled to center , Almonte scored , Miller to second . Saunders grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Jones in right field . Stanton singled to right . Jones flied out to left . McGehee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Seager struck out swinging . Ackley flied out to right . Zunino doubled to deep left . Jones reached on infield single to second , Zunino to third . Almonte grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Saltalamacchia lined out to shortstop . Baker hit for Dietrich . Hart in right field . Smoak at first base . Medina pitching for Mariners . Baker struck out swinging . Hechavarria lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Baker at second base . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Miller flied out to center . Cano struck out swinging . Hart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Johnson hit for Cishek . Medina pitching for Mariners . Johnson singled to right . Yelich reached on bunt single to first , Johnson to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Johnson safe at third on error by third baseman Seager , Yelich to second . Stanton homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Johnson , Yelich and Ozuna scored . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Mariners 4 - Marlins 8 .	Stanton 's walk - off GS lifts Marlins over M 's