Marlins - Top 1st . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Yelich walked . Lucas flied out to right . Stanton reached on infield single to second , Yelich to second . Baker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Gordon bunt grounded out to third . Puig walked . Ramirez struck out looking . Gonzalez singled to right center , Puig to second . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Johnson singled to center . Jones reached on bunt single to shortstop , Johnson to second . Hechavarria flied out to center . Mathis singled to left , Johnson to third , Jones to second . DeSclafani safe at first on error by second baseman Gordon , Johnson and Jones scored , Mathis to third . Yelich hit sacrifice fly to left , Mathis scored . Lucas homered to left center ( 387 feet ) , DeSclafani scored . Stanton doubled to left . Baker reached on infield single to pitcher , Stanton scored . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Baker out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Crawford struck out swinging . Turner reached on infield single to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to third , Turner to second . Maholm grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Jones grounded out to second . Hechavarria grounded out to second . Mathis walked . DeSclafani grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mathis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Gordon singled to center . Puig lined out to right . Gordon stole second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Maholm pitching for Dodgers . Yelich singled to center . Lucas singled to left , Yelich to second . Stanton walked , Yelich to third , Lucas to second . Baker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Yelich scored , Stanton out at second , Lucas to third . Johnson homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Lucas scored . Jones doubled to left . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Hechavarria reached on infield single to third , Jones to third . Mathis homered to right center ( 392 feet ) , Jones and Hechavarria scored . DeSclafani grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Ethier grounded out to first . Crawford lined out to center . Turner singled to right center . Ellis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Yelich walked . Lucas struck out swinging . Stanton singled to center , Yelich to second . Baker singled to right , Yelich to third , Stanton to second . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Yelich out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Uribe hit for Withrow . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Uribe doubled to left . Gordon struck out looking . Puig doubled to left , Uribe scored . Ramirez flied out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Figgins at shortstop . Wilson pitching for Dodgers . Van Slyke at first base . Jones walked . Hechavarria reached on infield single to pitcher , Jones to second . Mathis flied out to center . DeSclafani singled to center , Jones scored , Hechavarria to second . Yelich lined out to center . Lucas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . DeSclafani pitching for Marlins . Ethier struck out swinging . Crawford homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Turner struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . League pitching for Dodgers . Ozuna hit for Stanton . Ozuna struck out swinging . Baker walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Baker out at second . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ozuna in right field . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Van Slyke popped out to second . Gordon grounded out to second . Puig grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Solano hit for Hechavarria . Solano grounded out to first . Mathis popped out to shortstop . Wolf grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Lucas at shortstop . Baker at third base . Solano at second base . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Figgins doubled to left . Butera hit for Wright . Butera struck out looking . Ethier singled to left , Figgins scored . Crawford singled to left , Ethier to second . Turner lined out to right . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Butera pitching for Dodgers . Yelich lined out to center . Lucas grounded out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Wolf pitching for Marlins . Van Slyke struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . Puig grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 13 - Dodgers 3 .	Marlins rout Dodgers 13 - 3 with 3 HRs