Marlins - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Yelich singled to left . Lucas grounded out to pitcher , Yelich to second . Yelich stole third . Stanton struck out swinging . McGehee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio singled to left . Lake grounded out to second , Bonifacio to second . Rizzo struck out swinging . Bonifacio caught stealing third , catcher to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Jones flied out to right . Ozuna grounded out to second . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Castro struck out swinging . Valbuena struck out swinging . Schierholtz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Coghlan reached on infield single to shortstop . Baker lined out to third . Arrieta bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Coghlan out at second . Bonifacio singled to right , Arrieta to second . Lake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Lucas reached on infield single to third . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lucas out at second . McGehee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Rizzo grounded out to second . Castro grounded out to third . Valbuena doubled to deep right . Schierholtz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Jones struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . Realmuto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . Baker singled to right . Arrieta bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Baker out at second . Bonifacio singled to center , Arrieta to second . Lake flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Hechavarria popped out to second . Alvarez singled to left . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alvarez out at second . Yelich stole second . Lucas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Marlins . Rizzo struck out looking . Castro doubled to deep left center . Valbuena reached on infield single to first , Castro to third . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Schierholtz tripled to right , Castro and Valbuena scored . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schierholtz out at home . Baker struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Schlitter pitching for Cubs . Stanton flied out to center . McGehee walked . Jones lined out to right . Ozuna reached on infield single to third , McGehee to second . Realmuto singled to right , McGehee scored , Ozuna to second . Hechavarria singled to right , Ozuna scored , Realmuto to third . Johnson hit for Jennings . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hechavarria out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Barney hit for Schlitter . Barney hit by pitch . Bonifacio sacrificed to third , Barney to second . Lake doubled to right , Barney to third . Rizzo intentionally walked . Castro struck out swinging . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Valbuena walked , Barney scored , Lake to third , Rizzo to second . Schierholtz struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Yelich walked . Lucas struck out swinging . Stanton hit by pitch , Yelich to second . McGehee singled to center , Yelich to third , Stanton to second . Jones hit sacrifice fly to left , Yelich scored , Stanton to third , McGehee to second on throwing error by left fielder Coghlan . Ozuna intentionally walked . Stanton scored , McGehee to third , Ozuna to second on wild pitch by Strop . Realmuto struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Coghlan walked . Baker sacrificed to pitcher , Coghlan to second . Ruggiano hit for Strop . Morris pitching for Marlins . Mathis catching . Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Hechavarria struck out looking . Mathis flied out to right . Yelich singled to left . Lucas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Lake lined out to shortstop . Rizzo struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Cubs 3 .	Marlins beat Cubs 4 - 3 after losing Alvarez