Marlins - Top 1st . Minor pitching for Braves . Yelich reached on infield single to second . Solano singled to left , Yelich to second . Stanton singled to center , Yelich to third , Solano to second . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Yelich scored , Stanton out at second , Solano to third . Ozuna walked . Baker flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Upton doubled to right . La Stella grounded out to second , Upton to third . Freeman walked . Upton walked , Freeman to second . Heyward singled to center , Upton scored , Freeman to third , Upton to second . Gattis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heyward out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Minor pitching for Braves . Hechavarria grounded out to shortstop . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Turner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to right . Simmons lined out to right . Minor grounded out to second , Johnson to second . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Minor pitching for Braves . Yelich walked . Solano singled to center , Yelich to third . Stanton doubled to left , Yelich scored , Solano to third . McGehee grounded out to shortstop , Solano scored . Ozuna struck out swinging . Baker singled to left , Stanton scored . Baker to second on wild pitch by Minor . Hechavarria reached on infield single to second , Baker to third . Mathis lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . La Stella flied out to center . Freeman grounded out to second . Upton homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Minor pitching for Braves . Turner doubled to deep right . Yelich singled to center , Turner scored . Solano hit ground rule double to deep center , Yelich to third . Hale pitching for Braves . Stanton fouled out to third . McGehee walked . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop , Yelich scored , Solano to third , McGehee to second . Baker struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Gattis struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Simmons struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Hale pitching for Braves . Hechavarria singled to center . Mathis grounded out to third , Hechavarria to second . Turner grounded out to second , Hechavarria to third . Yelich grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Hale grounded out to second . Upton struck out swinging . La Stella flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Hale pitching for Braves . Solano singled to center . Stanton walked , Solano to second . McGehee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stanton out at second , Solano to third . Ozuna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Freeman flied out to center . Upton grounded out to third . Heyward lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Baker struck out swinging . Hechavarria flied out to right . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Hatcher pitching for Marlins . Gattis popped out to second . Johnson grounded out to third . Simmons struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Valdespin hit for Hatcher . Carpenter pitching for Braves . Valdespin grounded out to first . Yelich grounded out to first . Solano walked . Stanton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Pastornicky hit for Carpenter . Pastornicky walked . Upton hit by pitch , Pastornicky to second . La Stella singled to right , Pastornicky scored , Upton to second . Freeman struck out swinging . Morris pitching for Marlins . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , La Stella out at second , Upton to third . Heyward singled to right center , Upton and Upton scored . Gattis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heyward out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Varvaro pitching for Braves . McGehee flied out to right . Ozuna grounded out to second . Baker safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Simmons . Hechavarria fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to center . Schafer ran for Johnson . Schafer caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Simmons struck out swinging . Doumit hit for Varvaro . Doumit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Braves 5 .	Solano , Marlins bully Mike Minor , beat Braves 6 - 5