Reds - Top 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Hamilton grounded out to second . Bruce grounded out to pitcher . Frazier singled to left . Frazier caught stealing second , pitcher to second to first . Mesoraco batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Yelich walked . Valdespin grounded out to second , Yelich to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich to third on wild pitch by Leake . McGehee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Mesoraco singled to left . Ludwick struck out swinging . Schumaker walked , Mesoraco to second . Negron lined out to right . Cozart singled to left , Mesoraco scored , Schumaker to second . Leake grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cozart out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Jones grounded out to second . Ozuna walked . Hechavarria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ozuna out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Hamilton singled to left center . Hamilton stole second . Bruce singled to left , Hamilton scored . Bruce stole second . Frazier grounded out to shortstop , Bruce to third . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Ludwick doubled to deep center , Bruce scored . Ludwick to third on wild pitch by Turner . Schumaker grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Mathis doubled to deep left center . Turner sacrificed to catcher , Mathis to third , Turner safe at first on error by pitcher Leake . Mathis to third on error by pitcher Leake . Yelich walked , Turner to second . Valdespin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Mathis out at home , Turner to third , Yelich to second . Stanton struck out swinging . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valdespin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Negron walked . Negron stole second . Cozart flied out to center . Leake fouled out to catcher . Hamilton singled to center , Negron scored . Bruce singled to center , Hamilton to third . Frazier singled to center , Hamilton scored , Bruce thrown out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Jones flied out to center . Ozuna struck out swinging . Hechavarria doubled to deep left center . Mathis singled to left , Hechavarria scored . Hernandez hit for Turner . Hernandez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Mesoraco grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick flied out to right . Schumaker singled to left . Negron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Yelich flied out to left . Valdespin fouled out to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Cozart struck out swinging . Leake reached on infield single to third . Hamilton safe at first on error by pitcher Dyson , Leake to second . Bruce popped out to third . Frazier reached on infield single to shortstop , Leake to third , Hamilton to second . Mesoraco singled to center , Leake and Hamilton scored , Frazier to second . Ludwick flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Reds . McGehee walked . Jones flied out to right . Ozuna struck out swinging . Hechavarria grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Negron struck out swinging . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Santiago at third base . Mathis struck out swinging . Solano hit for Dyson . Solano lined out to right . Yelich grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Santiago struck out looking . Hamilton grounded out to third . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Valdespin lined out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . McGehee walked . Jones homered to right ( 374 feet ) , McGehee scored . Ozuna grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Frazier singled to center . Mesoraco singled to center , Frazier to second . Ludwick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mesoraco out at second , Frazier to third . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Broxton pitching for Reds . Hechavarria tripled to deep center . Mathis struck out swinging . Johnson hit for Jennings . Johnson struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 7 - Marlins 3 .	Hamilton helps Reds beat Marlins 7 - 3