Rangers - Top 1st . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Choo singled to right . Andrus grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . Carp struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . Yelich reached on infield single to shortstop . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Yelich out at second , Solano to second on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Stanton fouled out to first . McGehee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Beltre singled to center . Adduci popped out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to pitcher , Beltre to second . Chirinos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Ozuna struck out looking . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Odor singled to center . Mikolas sacrificed to third , Odor to second . Choo grounded out to second , Odor to third . Andrus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Cosart struck out looking . Yelich singled to center . Yelich stole second . Solano hit by pitch . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Carp grounded out to second . Beltre doubled to deep center . Adduci walked . Martin singled to right , Beltre to third , Adduci to second . Chirinos grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Beltre scored , Martin out at second , Adduci to third . Odor flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . McGehee lined out to right . Jones popped out to shortstop . Ozuna homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep left . Hechavarria intentionally walked . Cosart grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Mikolas grounded out to shortstop . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus walked . Carp lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to third . Stanton singled to left center . McGehee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Beltre grounded out to second . Adduci popped out to second . Martin singled to center . Martin stole second , Martin safe at third on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia . Chirinos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Mikolas pitching for Rangers . Jones doubled to deep center . Ozuna singled to left , Jones to third . Saltalamacchia singled to right , Jones scored , Ozuna to third . Mendez pitching for Rangers . Hechavarria hit sacrifice fly to center , Ozuna scored . Johnson hit for Cosart . Johnson grounded out to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Saltalamacchia to third on wild pitch by Mendez . Yelich intentionally walked . Solano flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Odor doubled to right center , Odor scored on error by right fielder Stanton . Arencibia hit for Mendez . Arencibia walked . Choo singled to right , Arencibia to second . Andrus sacrificed to pitcher , Arencibia to third , Choo to second . Carp struck out swinging . Beltre intentionally walked . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Robertson hit for Adduci . Robertson walked , Arencibia scored , Choo to third , Beltre to second . Martin flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Robertson in left field . Klein pitching for Rangers . Stanton walked . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stanton out at second , McGehee to second on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Jones intentionally walked . Ozuna grounded out to first , McGehee to third , Jones to second . Saltalamacchia intentionally walked . Hechavarria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Chirinos grounded out to third . Odor fouled out to first . Rosales hit for Klein . Rosales singled to center . Choo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Valdespin hit for Morris . Valdespin flied out to center . Yelich singled to center . Solano struck out swinging . Stanton walked , Yelich to second . McGehee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Andrus singled to left . Carp fouled out to third . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Andrus safe at third on error by second baseman Solano . Andrus caught stealing home , catcher to third , Beltre to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Robertson walked . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Jones fouled out to catcher . Ozuna struck out looking . Choo in left field . Robertson in center field . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Rios in right field . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Baker at first base . Chirinos struck out looking . Odor struck out swinging . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 10th . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Hechavarria flied out to center . Baker safe at first on error by first baseman Carp . Yelich lined out to shortstop . Solano reached on infield single to shortstop , Baker to second . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Stanton singled to right , Baker scored , Solano to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Rangers 3 - Marlins 4 .	Stanton single in 10th sends Marlins over Rangers