Braves - Top 1st. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Albies homered to left (376 feet). Swanson grounded out to second. Freeman lined out to second. Suzuki walked. Markakis singled to center, Suzuki to second. Adams lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Happ struck out swinging. Almora Jr. homered to left center (370 feet). Bryant doubled to right. Contreras struck out looking. Zobrist walked. Báez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Culberson grounded out to third. Bourjos singled to left center. Newcomb sacrificed to pitcher, Bourjos to second. Albies doubled to center, Bourjos scored. Swanson doubled to deep center, Albies scored. Freeman walked. Suzuki singled to right center, Swanson scored, Freeman to third. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Russell walked. Heyward struck out looking. Quintana struck out bunting foul. Happ flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Quintana pitching for Cubs. Adams reached on infield single to pitcher. Culberson walked, Adams to second. Bourjos struck out looking. Newcomb walked, Adams to third, Culberson to second. Butler pitching for Cubs. Albies grounded out to first, Adams scored, Culberson to third, Newcomb to second. Swanson singled to left, Culberson scored, Newcomb to third. Freeman singled to right center, Newcomb scored, Swanson to third. Suzuki walked, Freeman to second. Markakis doubled to left center, Swanson and Freeman scored, Suzuki thrown out at home. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Almora Jr. walked. Almora Jr. to second on wild pitch by Newcomb. Bryant flied out to right, Almora Jr. to third. Contreras grounded out to third, Almora Jr. scored. Zobrist reached on infield single to third. Báez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Butler pitching for Cubs. Adams safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Báez. Culberson flied out to center. Adams to second on wild pitch by Butler. Bourjos safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Russell, Adams to third. Newcomb struck out swinging. Albies singled to right, Adams scored, Bourjos to third. Swanson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Russell lined out to right. Heyward lined out to left. Butler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Butler pitching for Cubs. Freeman grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to center. Markakis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Happ struck out swinging. Almora Jr. grounded out to second. Bryant singled to center. Contreras grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Happ in center field. Navarro at first base. Zobrist in left field. Butler pitching for Cubs. Adams walked. Culberson grounded out to third, Adams to second. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop, Adams to third. Newcomb struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Newcomb pitching for Braves. Zobrist reached on infield single to second. Báez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist safe at second on error by second baseman Albies. Russell singled to left, Zobrist to third, Báez to second. Heyward struck out looking. Schwarber hit for Butler. Schwarber walked, Zobrist scored, Báez to third, Russell to second. Winkler pitching for Braves. Happ struck out swinging. Navarro lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Zobrist in right field. Heyward in center field. Schwarber in left field. Cishek pitching for Cubs. Albies grounded out to second. Swanson singled to right. Freeman singled to shallow left, Swanson to second. Suzuki walked, Swanson to third, Freeman to second. Markakis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Winkler pitching for Braves. Bryant walked. Contreras flied out to center. Zobrist tripled to right, Bryant scored. Báez grounded out to shortstop, Zobrist scored. Russell struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Cubs. Adams struck out swinging. Culberson doubled to left. Bourjos flied out to center. Tucker hit for Winkler. Culberson to third on wild pitch by Wilson. Tucker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Heyward hit by pitch. Schwarber struck out swinging. La Stella hit for Wilson. La Stella singled to center, Heyward to second. Ramírez pitching for Braves. Navarro struck out swinging. Bryant hit by pitch, Heyward to third, La Stella to second. Contreras reached on infield single to catcher, Heyward scored, La Stella to third, Bryant to second. Zobrist walked, La Stella scored, Bryant to third, Contreras to second. Báez doubled to center, Bryant, Contreras and Zobrist scored. Russell intentionally walked. Freeman pitching for Braves. Heyward walked, Báez to third, Russell to second. Schwarber walked, Báez scored, Russell to third, Heyward to second. La Stella walked, Russell scored, Heyward to third, Schwarber to second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Heyward scored, Schwarber to third, La Stella to second on wild pitch by Moylan, Schwarber scored, La Stella safe at third on throwing error by catcher Suzuki. Navarro struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Morrow pitching for Cubs. Albies walked. Swanson struck out looking. Freeman grounded out to first, Albies to second. Suzuki lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 10 - Cubs 14.	Cubs score 9 in 8th on just 3 hits, rally past Braves 14-10