Reds - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Stubbs struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Cabrera out at second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Leake pitching for Reds. Iwamura singled to right. McCutchen singled to right, Iwamura to second. Milledge sacrificed to pitcher, Iwamura to third, McCutchen to second, Iwamura scored, McCutchen to third, Milledge safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Leake. Jones hit sacrifice fly, left to third to second to left, McCutchen scored, Milledge out at second. Doumit singled to deep right, Doumit tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Cairo reached on bunt single to third. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cairo out at second. Bruce stole second. Hanigan flied out to left. Janish walked. Leake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Leake pitching for Reds. Clement grounded out to second. LaRoche walked. Crosby ran for LaRoche. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Crosby to second. Cedeno reached on infield single to shortstop, Crosby to third. Iwamura singled to center, Crosby scored, Cedeno to third. McCutchen flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Stubbs walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stubbs out at second. Phillips singled to left center. Gomes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Leake pitching for Reds. Milledge singled to shallow center. Jones safe at first on error by first baseman Cairo, Milledge to second. Doumit struck out swinging. Clement struck out swinging. Crosby walked, Milledge to third, Jones to second. Duke grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Cairo grounded out to second. Bruce struck out swinging. Hanigan singled to right. Janish flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Leake pitching for Reds. Cedeno singled to shallow center. Iwamura grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cedeno out at second. McCutchen walked. Milledge grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Leake singled to center. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Leake out at second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stubbs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Leake pitching for Reds. Jones grounded out to second. Doumit grounded out to first. Clement grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Gomes doubled to deep center. Cairo grounded out to third, Gomes to third. Bruce grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Leake pitching for Reds. Crosby walked. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Crosby to second. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crosby out at third. Iwamura walked, Cedeno to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Hanigan flied out to left. Janish popped out to first. Leake grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Leake pitching for Reds. Milledge flied out to right. Jones grounded out to second. Doumit flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Stubbs walked. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Stubbs stole second. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Phillips walked. Gomes flied out to left. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Votto walked, Stubbs to third, Phillips to second, Stubbs to third, Phillips to second. Bruce walked, Stubbs scored, Phillips to third, Votto to second. Donnelly pitching for Pirates. Hanigan walked, Phillips scored, Votto to third, Bruce to second. Janish fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rhodes pitching for Reds. Clement grounded out to second. Crosby popped out to shortstop. Raynor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Dotel pitching for Pirates. Dickerson tripled to deep right center. Stubbs struck out looking. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left, Dickerson scored. Phillips struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Masset pitching for Reds. Cedeno struck out swinging. Iwamura struck out swinging. McCutchen singled to left. McCutchen stole second. Milledge singled to center, McCutchen scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Pirates 4.	Milledge drives home winner as Pirates survive