Pirates - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Iwamura struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. McCutchen lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Jakubauskas pitching for Pirates. Bourn singled to left. Keppinger popped out to shortstop. Feliz flied out to center. Berkman reached on infield single to catcher, Bourn to second. Pence doubled to deep left, Bourn and Berkman scored. Sullivan walked. Manzella grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Jones lined out to right. Milledge grounded out to second. LaRoche singled to right. Jaramillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Quintero grounded out to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Carrasco struck out swinging. Cedeno safe at first on error by third baseman Feliz. Iwamura walked, Cedeno to second. Crosby singled to left, Cedeno to third, Iwamura to second. McCutchen singled to center, Cedeno scored, Iwamura thrown out at home, Crosby to second. Jones struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Keppinger grounded out to third. Feliz flied out to left. Berkman popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Milledge grounded out to pitcher. LaRoche struck out swinging. Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Pence singled to center. Sullivan singled to left, Pence to second. Manzella singled to right, Pence to third, Sullivan to second. Quintero singled to center, Pence scored, Sullivan thrown out at home, Manzella to second. Rodriguez sacrificed to catcher, Manzella to third, Quintero to second, Rodriguez safe at first on error by pitcher Carrasco. Manzella to third on error by pitcher Carrasco. Bourn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Raynor grounded out to second. Cedeno popped out to first. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Keppinger doubled to deep left. Feliz homered to left center (396 feet), Keppinger scored. Berkman grounded out to third. Pence grounded out to pitcher. Sullivan struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Crosby grounded out to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. Jones fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Manzella lined out to right. Quintero grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez singled to right. Bourn walked, Rodriguez to second. Keppinger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Milledge grounded out to shortstop. LaRoche flied out to center. Jaramillo homered to left (405 feet). Clement flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Feliz doubled to deep left. Berkman struck out swinging. Feliz to third on wild pitch by McCutchen. Pence struck out swinging. Sullivan bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Cedeno singled to center. Iwamura fouled out to shortstop. Lyon pitching for Astros. Cedeno stole second. Crosby struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Pirates. Manzella singled to center. Quintero grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Manzella out at second. Matsui singled to center. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Lindstrom pitching for Astros. Jones struck out swinging. Church grounded out to first. LaRoche singled to left. Doumit singled to deep right, LaRoche to third. Young walked, Doumit to second. Cedeno flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Astros 5.	Astros put away Pirates, pitcher hit by line drive