Cardinals - Top 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Schumaker struck out swinging. Ludwick singled to right center. Pujols lined out to shortstop. Holliday safe at first on error by shortstop Cedeno, Ludwick to second. Freese walked, Ludwick to third, Holliday to second. Molina singled to right, Ludwick and Holliday scored, Freese to second. Rasmus grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Iwamura grounded out to second. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen doubled to deep left. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Carpenter struck out swinging. Ryan flied out to center. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Doumit grounded out to second. Church struck out swinging. Milledge singled to left. Cedeno grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ludwick popped out to first. Pujols struck out swinging. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Duke struck out swinging. Iwamura reached on infield single to shortstop. LaRoche flied out to left. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Molina reached on infield single to third. Rasmus singled to right, Molina to second. Carpenter struck out bunting foul. Ryan popped out to shortstop. Schumaker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Jones doubled to deep right. Doumit grounded out to second, Jones to third. Church struck out swinging. Milledge singled to center, Jones scored. Cedeno struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday singled to center. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Duke grounded out to second. Iwamura struck out swinging. LaRoche singled to left center. LaRoche caught stealing second, catcher to second. McCutchen batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Molina safe at first on throwing error by third baseman LaRoche. Rasmus flied out to left. Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher, Molina to second. Ryan walked. Schumaker singled to center, Molina scored, Ryan to third, Schumaker to second advancing on throw. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen singled to center. Jones struck out swinging. Doumit doubled to deep center, McCutchen scored. Church struck out swinging. Milledge struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Holliday singled to right center. Freese reached on infield single to third, Holliday to second. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to right, Holliday thrown out at home, Freese to second. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno grounded out to third. Young hit for Taschner. Young grounded out to pitcher. Iwamura popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Jay hit for Carpenter. Jay singled to right. Ryan sacrificed to catcher, Jay to second. Schumaker grounded out to first, Jay to third. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche singled to left. McCutchen singled to right center, LaRoche to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Jones grounded into double play, catcher to pitcher to third to catcher to pitcher to third to catcher, LaRoche out at home, McCutchen out at third, McCutchen out at second, Jones to second. Doumit hit by pitch. Church hit by pitch, Jones to third, Doumit to second. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Jones scored, Doumit to third, Church to second on wild pitch by Franklin. Milledge grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday singled to right. Mather ran for Holliday. Freese struck out swinging. Mather stole second. Molina doubled to deep right, Mather scored. Rasmus intentionally walked. Molina stole third. Rasmus stole second. Franklin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Mather in left field. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno struck out looking. Clement hit for Meek. Clement singled to center. Crosby ran for Clement. Iwamura grounded out to pitcher, Crosby to second. LaRoche flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Pirates 3.	Molina doubles in winner as Cards down Pirates