Cardinals - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Mather grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick flied out to right. Pujols singled to left. Freese struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Iwamura flied out to left. LaRoche grounded out to second. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to third. Stavinoha grounded out to shortstop. Ryan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Jones flied out to left. Doumit singled to right. Milledge grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Wainwright grounded out to third. Greene doubled to left center. Mather singled to right center, Greene scored. Ludwick singled to left, Mather to second. Pujols struck out swinging. Freese walked, Mather to third, Ludwick to second. Molina walked, Mather scored, Ludwick to third, Freese to second. Stavinoha doubled to deep right, Ludwick and Freese scored, Molina to third. Ryan walked. Wainwright lined out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Clement grounded out to second. Cedeno flied out to center. Maholm struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Greene safe at first on error by third baseman LaRoche. Mather grounded out to shortstop, Greene to second. Greene stole third. Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to left, Greene scored, Ludwick to third on error by left fielder Milledge. Bass pitching for Pirates. Pujols intentionally walked. Freese grounded out to third, Ludwick scored, Pujols to second. Molina flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Iwamura walked. LaRoche struck out looking. McCutchen doubled to deep center, Iwamura to third. Jones singled to right, Iwamura and McCutchen scored. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second. Milledge singled to right, Doumit to second. Clement struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Bass pitching for Pirates. Stavinoha flied out to center. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno fouled out to catcher. Bass grounded out to pitcher. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Bass pitching for Pirates. Greene lined out to third. Mather reached on infield single to shortstop. Mather to second on wild pitch by Bass. Ludwick grounded out to third. Pujols intentionally walked. Freese walked, Mather to third, Pujols to second. Molina singled to left, Mather and Pujols scored, Freese to second. Rasmus hit for Stavinoha. Rasmus singled to left, Freese scored, Molina to third, Rasmus to second advancing on throw. Ryan singled to right, Molina scored, Rasmus to third. Wainwright walked, Ryan to second. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Greene hit by pitch, Rasmus scored, Ryan to third, Wainwright to second. Mather flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Mather in left field. Ludwick in right field. Rasmus in center field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche singled to right. McCutchen walked, LaRoche to second. Jones struck out looking. Doumit flied out to right. Milledge struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Ludwick flied out to right. Pujols walked. Freese flied out to left. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Clement grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to first. Pearce hit for Carrasco. Pearce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Rasmus grounded out to first. Ryan flied out to right. McClellan reached on infield single to third. Greene popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Iwamura grounded out to third. LaRoche flied out to center. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Mather grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick flied out to left. Pujols safe at first on throwing error by third baseman LaRoche. Jay ran for Pujols. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jay out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. LaRue catching. Jay in right field. Molina at first base. Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Doumit fouled out to third. Milledge safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan. Clement singled to center, Milledge to second. Cedeno singled to left, Milledge scored, Clement to second. Young hit for Lopez. Young singled to left, Clement scored, Cedeno to second. Iwamura grounded into fielder's choice to second, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Pirates 4.	Cardinals twice bat around, pummel Pirates