Pirates - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Young lined out to third. Milledge struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Victorino flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to third. Rollins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Jones grounded out to first. Church grounded out to first. Doumit doubled to left. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Doumit scored. Cedeno popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Howard singled to right. Werth struck out swinging. Francisco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Duke grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to first. Milledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ruiz flied out to left. Castro struck out swinging. Halladay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. McCutchen struck out looking. Jones singled to right. Church grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Polanco lined out to center. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Doumit struck out swinging. LaRoche safe at first on error by third baseman Polanco. Cedeno grounded into fielder's choice to right, LaRoche safe at second on error by second baseman Castro. Duke bunt grounded out to, LaRoche tagged out at third, Cedeno to second. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Howard singled to right. Werth singled to left, Howard to second. Francisco struck out swinging. Ruiz walked, Howard to third, Werth to second. Castro singled to center, Howard scored, Werth thrown out at home, Ruiz to third, Castro to second advancing on throw. Halladay struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Milledge reached on infield single to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to second, Milledge to second. Jones singled to right center, Milledge scored, Jones to third on error by catcher Ruiz. Church flied out to center. Doumit flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Victorino reached on bunt single to third. Polanco struck out looking. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Victorino out at second. Howard singled to right, Rollins to second. Werth walked, Rollins to third, Howard to second. Francisco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Howard out at third, Werth to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno doubled to deep right. Iwamura hit for Duke. Iwamura grounded out to pitcher. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Dobbs hit for Castro. Dobbs walked. Halladay struck out swinging. Victorino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Polanco at second base. Dobbs at third base. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Milledge grounded out to second. McCutchen singled to center. Jones singled to right, McCutchen to third. Church grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Polanco grounded out to third. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Doumit singled to left. LaRoche grounded out to second, Doumit to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Clement hit for Hanrahan. Clement walked. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Pirates. Werth struck out swinging. Ibanez hit for Francisco. Ibanez grounded out to first. Ruiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Phillies 1.	Duke outduels Halladay; Pirates nip Phillies