Indians - Top 1st. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Crowe struck out swinging. Choo walked. Santana homered to right (412 feet), Choo scored. Kearns singled to right. Kearns caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Branyan singled to center. Peralta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Tabata reached on infield single to third, Tabata to second on throwing error by third baseman Peralta. Walker singled to right, Tabata to third. McCutchen safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Masterson, Tabata scored, Walker to third. Jones singled to center, Walker scored, McCutchen to second. Milledge struck out swinging. Alvarez struck out swinging. Jaramillo grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Hernandez grounded out to third. Donald lined out to first. Masterson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Crosby singled to left. Lincoln sacrificed to first, Crosby to second. Tabata grounded out to third, Crosby to third. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Crowe grounded out to second. Choo hit by pitch. Santana doubled to deep right center, Choo scored. Kearns flied out to right, Santana to third. Branyan flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. McCutchen struck out looking. Jones walked. Milledge grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Peralta flied out to right. Hernandez singled to left. Donald doubled to left, Hernandez to third. Masterson flied out to right, Hernandez thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Alvarez lined out to left. Jaramillo struck out looking. Crosby reached on infield single to pitcher. Lincoln grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Crowe flied out to right. Choo grounded out to first. Santana singled to right. Kearns flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Tabata struck out swinging. Walker flied out to center. McCutchen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Lincoln pitching for Pirates. Branyan grounded out to first. Peralta singled to right. Hernandez struck out swinging. Donald flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to first. Milledge struck out looking. Alvarez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Marte hit for Masterson. Marte struck out swinging. Crowe grounded out to shortstop. Choo singled to center. Santana struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Jaramillo singled to left. Crosby sacrificed to catcher, Jaramillo to second, Crosby safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Perez. LaRoche hit for Lopez. LaRoche sacrificed to third, Jaramillo to third, Crosby to second. Tabata grounded out to pitcher. Jaramillo scored, Crosby to third on wild pitch by Perez. Walker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Donnelly pitching for Pirates. Kearns singled to right center. Branyan doubled to right, Kearns to third. Peralta flied out to center. Hernandez grounded out to second. Donald grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Lewis pitching for Indians. McCutchen walked. Jones singled to center, McCutchen to second. Milledge sacrificed to pitcher, McCutchen to third, Jones to second. Sipp pitching for Indians. Alvarez hit sacrifice fly to right, McCutchen scored. Jaramillo walked. Crosby singled to center, Jones scored, Jaramillo to third, Crosby to second advancing on throw. Young hit for Donnelly. Young struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Church in right field. Dotel pitching for Pirates. Hafner hit for Sipp. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Crowe struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 3 - Pirates 5.	Alvarez sacrifice fly lifts Pirates past Indians