Pirates - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen singled to center. Tabata singled to left, McCutchen to second. Walker out on batter's interference to catcher. Walker batting. Jones struck out swinging. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Lopez flied out to left. Jay grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Milledge tripled to deep right center. Cedeno singled to right, Milledge scored. Jaramillo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cedeno out at second. Duke grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Holliday flied out to right. Molina flied out to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to third. Tabata grounded out to second. Walker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Ryan doubled to deep center. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop, Ryan to third. Miles hit sacrifice fly to center, Ryan scored. Lopez walked. Jay flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Jones grounded out to second. Alvarez struck out looking. Milledge popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Pujols lined out to second. Holliday fouled out to first. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno struck out swinging. Jaramillo singled to right. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, Jaramillo to second. McCutchen safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan, Jaramillo to third. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Rasmus doubled to right. Ryan reached on bunt single to pitcher, Rasmus to third. Wainwright singled to center, Rasmus scored, Ryan to third. Miles singled to center, Ryan scored, Wainwright to second. Lopez grounded into double play, second to first, Miles out at second, Wainwright to third. Jay reached on infield single to shortstop, Wainwright scored. Pujols homered to center (412 feet), Jay scored. Holliday flied out to right. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Walker fouled out to third. Jones flied out to center. Alvarez singled to center. Milledge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Thomas pitching for Pirates. Molina lined out to center. Rasmus singled to center. Rasmus caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ryan singled to left. Wainwright singled to center, Ryan to second. Miles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno struck out looking. Jaramillo grounded out to second. LaRoche hit for Thomas. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Gallagher pitching for Pirates. Lopez grounded out to second. Jay grounded out to second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen struck out swinging. Tabata singled to left. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Walker walked, Tabata to second. Jones flied out to right. Alvarez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Clement at first base. Holliday homered to center (425 feet). Molina singled to center. Rasmus flied out to left. Ryan walked, Molina to second. Stavinoha hit for Reyes. Stavinoha singled to left, Molina to third, Ryan to second. Miles singled to left, Molina scored, Ryan to third, Stavinoha to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Winn hit for Jay. Winn walked, Ryan scored, Stavinoha to third, Miles to second. LaRue hit for Pujols. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to third, Winn out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Winn in right field. LaRue catching. Schumaker in left field. Molina at first base. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Milledge singled to center. Diaz hit for Cedeno. Diaz singled to center, Milledge to second. Jaramillo flied out to center. Clement singled to left, Milledge to third, Diaz to second. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Clement out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Cardinals 9.	Wainwright 11-0 at home as Cardinals cruise