Diamondbacks - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Drew popped out to third. Johnson walked. Reynolds walked, Johnson to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen walked. McCutchen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Tabata flied out to right. Walker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Church flied out to center. Allen struck out swinging. Parra intentionally walked. Enright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez grounded out to second. Doumit walked. Bowker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Drew safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Reynolds struck out swinging. Montero walked, Drew to second. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Cedeno bunt grounded out to first. Snyder singled to left. McDonald struck out bunting foul. McCutchen homered to center (413 feet), Snyder scored. Tabata doubled to deep center. Walker grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Church doubled to deep left. Allen popped out to shortstop. Parra struck out swinging. Enright singled to center, Church scored. Drew lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Enright pitching for Diamondbacks. Alvarez walked. Doumit flied out to right. Bowker homered to center (410 feet), Alvarez scored. Cedeno fouled out to catcher. Snyder singled to left. McDonald doubled to left, Snyder to third. Kroenke pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen walked. Tabata walked, Snyder scored, McDonald to third, McCutchen to second. Walker singled to center, McDonald and McCutchen scored, Tabata to third. Alvarez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Johnson homered to right (421 feet). Reynolds struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. LaRoche flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Doumit singled to right. Bowker doubled to deep right, Doumit to third. Cedeno hit sacrifice fly to center, Doumit scored, Bowker to third. Snyder singled to left, Bowker scored. Moss hit for McDonald. Moss struck out swinging. McCutchen flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Church flied out to center. Allen doubled to deep right center. Parra struck out swinging. Abreu hit for Rosales. Abreu reached on infield single to catcher, Allen to third. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Norberto pitching for Diamondbacks. Tabata grounded out to third. Walker flied out to center. Alvarez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Johnson singled to center. Reynolds singled to left center, Johnson to second. Montero struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Church homered to right (392 feet), Johnson and Reynolds scored. Ledezma pitching for Pirates. Ryal hit for Allen. Ryal struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ryal in left field. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Doumit walked. Bowker singled to left, Doumit to second. Cedeno sacrificed to pitcher, Doumit to third, Bowker to second. Snyder grounded out to third. Young hit for Ledezma. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Presley in right field. Park pitching for Pirates. Parra bunt grounded out to pitcher. Roberts hit for Rosa. Roberts struck out looking. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen struck out swinging. Tabata singled to center. Walker walked, Tabata to second. Alvarez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Walker out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Johnson flied out to center. Reynolds walked. Reynolds to second on fielder's indifference. Montero grounded out to second, Reynolds to third. LaRoche singled to center, Reynolds scored. Church popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Pirates 9.	Pair of homers help Pirates beat back D-backs