Pirates - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen walked. McCutchen to second on passed ball by Pagnozzi. Tabata grounded out to second, McCutchen to third. Walker safe at second on error by pitcher Suppan, McCutchen scored. Jones homered to center (407 feet), Walker scored. Alvarez popped out to shortstop. Doumit struck out looking. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Burres pitching for Pirates. Greene flied out to center. Descalso grounded out to second. Pujols singled to center. Holliday walked, Pujols to second. Craig grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno hit ground rule double to deep center. Moss lined into double play, first to shortstop, Cedeno doubled off second. Burres struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Burres pitching for Pirates. Rasmus flied out to center. Pagnozzi homered to left (400 feet). Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Suppan grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to shortstop. Tabata flied out to right. Walker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Burres pitching for Pirates. Greene walked. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to first, Greene out at second. Pujols walked, Descalso to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Descalso scored on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno, Pujols safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno. Craig grounded out to third, Pujols to third, Holliday to second. Rasmus fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Jones struck out looking. Alvarez singled to right. Doumit grounded into double play, second to first, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Burres pitching for Pirates. Pagnozzi popped out to second. Ryan bunt grounded out to pitcher. Suppan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. Moss grounded out to second. Burres flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Burres pitching for Pirates. Greene grounded out to third. Descalso singled to center. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Descalso out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen singled to center. Tabata singled to center, McCutchen to second. Walker lined out to center, McCutchen to third. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Jones reached on infield single to second, McCutchen scored, Tabata to second. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Burres pitching for Pirates. Holliday flied out to center. Craig grounded out to third. Rasmus singled to center. Resop pitching for Pirates. Pagnozzi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Jay in right field. Cedeno popped out to first. Moss walked. Young hit for Resop. Presley ran for Moss. Young struck out swinging, Presley stole second. McCutchen walked. Tabata walked, Presley to third, McCutchen to second. Walker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Presley in right field. Gallagher pitching for Pirates. Schumaker hit for Ryan. Schumaker grounded out to second. Jay singled to center. Hamilton hit for Greene. Hamilton popped out to second. Descalso popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. MacDougal pitching for Cardinals. Miles at shortstop. Schumaker at second base. Jones doubled to right. Alvarez struck out looking. Doumit intentionally walked. Cedeno walked, Jones to third, Doumit to second. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at home, Doumit to third, Cedeno to second. Bowker hit for Gallagher. Bowker doubled to deep center, Doumit, Cedeno and Presley scored. McCutchen flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Pujols struck out looking. Holliday struck out swinging. Miles hit by pitch. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Feliz at third base. Descalso at shortstop. Mather at first base. Winn in left field. Miles pitching for Cardinals. Tabata grounded out to pitcher. Walker hit ground rule double to deep center. Jones flied out to left. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Leroux pitching for Pirates. Anderson hit for Pagnozzi. Anderson struck out swinging, Anderson safe at first on wild pitch by Leroux. Schumaker grounded into double play, second to first, Anderson out at second. Jay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Cardinals 2.	Jones, Burres lift Pirates past eliminated Cards