Yankees - Top 1st . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano struck out swinging . Zeile homered to left . Ja Giambi singled to left center . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ja Giambi out at second . Matsui doubled to deep left , Williams to third . Posada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto struck out looking . Wells fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi doubled to left . Trammell flied out to shallow center . Mondesi to third on wild pitch by Hendrickson . Almonte singled to center , Mondesi scored . Soriano singled to right , Almonte to second . Zeile doubled to deep left center , Soriano and Almonte scored . Ja Giambi reached on infield single to second , Zeile to third . Williams hit ground rule double to right , Zeile scored , Ja Giambi to third . Matsui grounded out to first , Ja Giambi scored , Williams to third . Posada doubled to right center , Williams scored . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi popped out to second . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Delgado homered to center . Phelps lined out to second . Hinske struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Trammell safe at first on error by shortstop Bordick . Almonte homered to right center , Trammell scored . Soriano grounded out to second . Zeile grounded out to second . Ja Giambi walked . Williams grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hudson struck out looking . Bordick struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui doubled to deep center . Posada flied out to right center , Matsui to third . Mondesi flied out to shallow center . Trammell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto doubled to right center . Wells doubled to right center , Catalanotto scored . Delgado struck out swinging . Phelps singled to center , Wells scored . Hinske struck out swinging . Phelps caught stealing second , catcher to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to center . Zeile doubled to left center . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi hit by pitch . Williams reached on infield single to second , Zeile to third , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Wilson singled to left . Wilson to second on wild pitch by Mussina . Hudson struck out looking . Bordick singled to left , Wilson to third . Stewart hit sacrifice fly to right , Wilson scored . Catalanotto fouled out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Posada singled to right . Mondesi grounded out to first , Posada to second . Trammell struck out swinging . Almonte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Wells flied out to left center . Delgado flied out to deep center . Phelps doubled to right center . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano doubled to left . Zeile grounded out to shortstop . Creek pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi flied out to center , Soriano to third . Williams intentionally walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Wilson struck out looking . Hudson doubled to left center . Myers hit for Bordick . Myers singled to left , Hudson scored . Woodward ran for Myers . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Woodward out at second . Catalanotto doubled to left center , Stewart scored . Wells doubled to left , Catalanotto scored . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Woodward at shortstop . Delgado struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Posada walked . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Posada out at second . Johnson hit for Trammell . Mondesi stole second . Johnson walked . Mondesi stole third . Almonte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mondesi out at home , Johnson to third , Almonte to second advancing on play . Soriano intentionally walked . Zeile flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Phelps grounded out to third . Hinske grounded out to second . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams reached on infield single to third . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Hudson struck out swinging . Woodward grounded out to second . Stewart fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 9 - Blue Jays 7 .	Jeter who ? Almonte delivers big as Yanks nip Jays