Yankees - Top 1st . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Soriano doubled to left . Johnson doubled to deep center , Soriano scored . Ja Giambi flied out to right , Johnson to third . Williams reached on infield single to shortstop . Matsui walked , Williams to second . Posada hit sacrifice fly to left center , Johnson scored . Ventura flied out to right center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to right center . Baldelli singled to right , Crawford to second . Huff singled to shallow left , Crawford scored , Baldelli to second . Easley flied out to deep left . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Huff out at second , Baldelli to third . Rolls struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Mondesi doubled to left center . Almonte grounded out to third . Mondesi to third on wild pitch by Parris . Soriano struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Grieve flied out to left . Hall singled to left . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hall out at second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Ja Giambi popped out to shortstop . Williams struck out swinging . Matsui singled to right . Posada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Baldelli singled to center . Huff fouled out to third . Baldelli caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Easley flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Ventura homered to right . Mondesi singled to right . Almonte struck out swinging . Soriano singled to left , Mondesi to second . Johnson flied out to center , Mondesi to third . Ja Giambi popped out to shallow right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Lee doubled to left center . Rolls flied out to right . Grieve grounded out to second , Lee to third . Hall popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Parris pitching for Devil Rays . Williams reached on infield single to first . Matsui lined out to left . Posada popped out to shallow left . Ventura grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Ordonez grounded out to second . Crawford flied out to center . Baldelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Mondesi singled to right . Almonte singled to left , Mondesi to second , Almonte to second on error by left fielder Crawford . R Mondesi to second . Mondesi scored , Almonte to second on error by left fielder Crawford . Soriano struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Almonte to third . Ja Giambi walked . Williams homered to right , Almonte and Ja Giambi scored . Matsui grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Easley popped out to second . Lee flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . McClung pitching for Devil Rays . Posada walked . Ventura flied out to center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Almonte walked , Posada to second . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Almonte out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Rolls safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Almonte . Grieve hit by pitch , Rolls to second . Hall flied out to right . Ordonez struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Johnson grounded out to first . Ja Giambi lined out to first . Williams safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Huff . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Baldelli popped out to second . Huff grounded out to third . Easley singled to left . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Colome pitching for Devil Rays . Posada homered to right . Ventura struck out looking . Mondesi reached on infield single to first . Almonte fouled out to right . Soriano homered to left , Mondesi scored . Johnson doubled to deep left . Ja Giambi flied out to right center . Williams batting . Matsui batting . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Rolls singled to left . Rolls to second on fielder 's indifference . Grieve flied out to shallow center . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to left , Rolls scored . Ordonez to second on fielder 's indifference . Crawford struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 12 - Devil Rays 2 .	Wells impressive in lifting Yankees to 4 - 0 start