Yankees - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Soriano tripled to deep center . Zeile hit sacrifice fly to left , Soriano scored . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Crawford struck out swinging . Baldelli grounded out to pitcher . Huff doubled to right . Martin hit by pitch . Lee hit ground rule double to deep center , Huff scored , Martin to third . Grieve walked . Anderson reached on infield single to second , Martin scored , Lee to third , Grieve to second . Hall popped out to shallow left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Posada grounded out to second . Mondesi tripled to deep right center . Trammell popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Ordonez flied out to right . Crawford grounded out to second . Baldelli lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . Soriano struck out swinging . Zeile flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Huff flied out to shallow left . Martin singled to right . Lee flied out to deep center . Martin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Grieve batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to first . Matsui singled to center . Posada fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Grieve struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . Hall flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Mondesi doubled to deep left center . Trammell popped out to shallow right . Almonte singled to center , Mondesi scored . Soriano singled to left , Almonte to second . Zeile grounded into double play , second to first , Soriano out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Ordonez flied out to right center . Crawford singled to center . Baldelli singled to left , Crawford to third . Huff doubled to deep left , Crawford scored , Baldelli thrown out at home . Martin flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Devil Rays . Ja Giambi walked . Williams tripled to deep right center , Ja Giambi scored . Matsui singled to shallow right center , Williams scored . Posada safe at first on error by shortstop Ordonez , Matsui to second . Mondesi flied out to center . Trammell singled to center , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Almonte grounded out to second . Soriano intentionally walked . Zeile lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Lee singled to left . Grieve struck out swinging . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Ja Giambi flied out to center . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Hall grounded out to second . Ordonez struck out swinging . Crawford singled to left . Crawford stole second . Baldelli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Posada singled to left center . Mondesi lined out to third . Trammell struck out looking . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Almonte reached on infield single to shortstop , Posada to second . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Soriano lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Huff struck out swinging . Martin walked . Lee doubled to right , Martin to third . Grieve hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Martin scored , Lee to third . Anderson singled to left , Lee scored . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Rolls in right field . Hall flied out to right center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carter pitching for Devil Rays . Zeile popped out to shallow right . Ja Giambi safe at first on error by shortstop Ordonez . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ja Giambi out at second . Matsui walked , Williams to second . Posada lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford singled to center . Baldelli doubled to left , Crawford to third . Huff intentionally walked . Martin singled to deep right , Crawford scored , Baldelli to third , Huff to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Devil Rays 6 .	Rays bounce back from odd play to hand Yanks first loss