Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Yankees . Stewart grounded out to second . Berg struck out looking . Wells singled to shallow right center . Delgado singled to right , Wells to third . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano popped out to shallow left center . Johnson walked . Ja Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Williams singled to left , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at second , Ja Giambi to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Wilson struck out swinging . Hinske struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Posada fouled out to third . Ventura struck out swinging . Mondesi walked . Mondesi stole second . Almonte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Bordick singled to left . Stewart flied out to center . Berg flied out to right center . Wells singled to right , Bordick to second . Delgado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . Ja Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Phelps singled to left . Wilson doubled to deep center , Phelps to third . Hinske grounded out to shortstop , Phelps scored , Wilson to third . Hudson struck out swinging . Bordick singled to right , Wilson scored . Stewart lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Williams grounded out to second . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Berg singled to center . Wells hit ground rule double to left , Berg to third . Delgado homered to right center , Berg and Wells scored . Phelps struck out swinging . Wilson singled to left center . Hinske struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Lidle pitching for Blue Jays . Ventura hit ground rule double to right . Mondesi singled to center , Ventura scored . Almonte reached on bunt single to catcher , Mondesi to second . Soriano singled to shallow left , Mondesi scored , Almonte to second . Johnson singled to right , Almonte scored , Soriano to second , Soriano to third , Johnson to second on throwing error by right fielder Berg . Ja Giambi doubled to right , Soriano and Johnson scored . Williams flied out to left center . Matsui flied out to center . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Bordick struck out swinging . Stewart singled to shallow right . Berg doubled to left , Stewart scored . Wells lined out to left . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Delgado flied out to deep left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Tam pitching for Blue Jays . Ventura walked . Mondesi doubled to deep left , Ventura to third . Almonte struck out swinging . Soriano struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Phelps singled to center . Wilson flied out to center . Hinske singled to right center , Phelps to second . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Hudson struck out looking . Bordick popped out to shallow left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to right . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Stewart flied out to right . Berg singled to left . Wells grounded out to second , Berg to second . Delgado intentionally walked . Phelps grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Delgado out at second , Berg to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Ventura grounded out to second . Mondesi flied out to right . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Almonte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Wilson homered to left . Hinske struck out swinging . Hudson struck out swinging . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Bordick grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano homered to right . Johnson struck out looking . Ja Giambi singled to shallow left . Latham ran for Ja Giambi . Williams flied out to deep left center . Latham to second on fielder 's indifference . Matsui walked , Latham to third on fielder 's indifference . Matsui batting . Posada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Yankees 6 .	Blue Jays bounce back to hand Yankees rare loss