Yankees - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Soriano flied out to center . Johnson singled to left . Ja Giambi singled to left , Johnson to third . Williams walked , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui grounded out to first , Johnson scored , Ja Giambi to third , Williams to second . Posada flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Eckstein grounded out to third . Spiezio grounded out to first . Salmon safe at first on error by third baseman Zeile . Anderson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Mondesi struck out swinging . Zeile struck out swinging . Almonte walked . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Glaus walked . Fullmer singled to left , Glaus to second . Davanon struck out looking . Molina walked , Glaus to third , Fullmer to second . Kennedy hit sacrifice fly to left , Glaus scored . Eckstein singled to center , Fullmer scored , Molina to second . Spiezio grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Johnson walked . Ja Giambi popped out to shallow center . Williams doubled to right , Johnson scored . Matsui grounded out to second , Williams to third . Posada homered to right , Williams scored . Mondesi flied out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Salmon singled to center . Anderson flied out to center . Glaus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Salmon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Zeile walked . Almonte bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zeile safe at second on throwing error by Lackey . Schoeneweis pitching for Angels . Johnson walked , Zeile scored , Almonte to third , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi singled to center , Almonte and Soriano scored , Johnson to third . Williams singled to center , Johnson scored , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui struck out looking , Ja Giambi stole third , Williams stole second . Posada struck out looking . Weber pitching for Angels . Mondesi grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Fullmer reached on infield single to shortstop . Davanon lined out to right . Molina singled to right , Fullmer to second . Kennedy flied out to right center , Fullmer to third . Eckstein doubled to left , Fullmer scored , Molina to third . Spiezio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Weber pitching for Angels . Zeile grounded out to shortstop . Almonte walked . Soriano flied out to deep center . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Salmon singled to center . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Salmon out at second . Glaus fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Weber pitching for Angels . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams flied out to deep left . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Fullmer lined out to third . Davanon flied out to left . Molina singled to center . Shields pitching for Angels . Kennedy flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Angels . Posada grounded out to second . Mondesi singled to left center . Mondesi caught stealing second , catcher to second . Zeile walked . Almonte out ( hit by own batted ball ) to catcher . Almonte batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Eckstein grounded out to third . Spiezio singled to center . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Salmon grounded out to pitcher , Spiezio to second . Anderson flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Soriano singled to left . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . Ja Giambi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Glaus struck out swinging . Fullmer walked . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Owens hit for Davanon . Owens doubled to left center , Fullmer to third . Molina fouled out to first . Owens in center field . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kennedy lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Williams walked . Matsui flied out to left . Posada grounded out to third , Williams to second . Williams to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Mondesi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Spiezio grounded out to pitcher . Salmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Angels 3 .	Yankees hold on to lead this time against Angels