Yankees - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Soriano struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to first . Ja Giambi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Yankees . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Guillen singled to right , Suzuki to second . Boone grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second , Suzuki to third . Martinez homered to right , Suzuki scored . Cameron struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Williams singled to center . Matsui flied out to left . Posada flied out to center . Ventura flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Colbrunn grounded out to shortstop . Winn doubled to right . Cirillo grounded out to third . Wilson singled to center , Winn scored . Suzuki reached on infield single to second , Wilson to second . Guillen flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Mariners . Mondesi singled to center . Almonte flied out to deep center . Soriano singled to left , Mondesi to third . Johnson singled to left , Mondesi scored , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi hit by pitch , Soriano to third , Johnson to second . Williams walked , Soriano scored , Johnson to third , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui singled to center , Johnson scored , Ja Giambi to third , Williams to second , Ja Giambi scored , Williams to third , Matsui to second on throwing error by center fielder Cameron . Posada grounded out to first , Williams scored , Matsui to third . Ventura singled to right , Matsui scored . Mondesi walked , Ventura to second . Almonte doubled to right center , Mondesi and Ventura scored . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Soriano homered to right , Almonte scored . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 10 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Boone flied out to left . Martinez flied out to catcher . Cameron grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ja Giambi singled to right . Williams lined out to center . Matsui flied out to right . Posada popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Colbrunn struck out swinging . Winn reached on infield single to shortstop . Cirillo grounded out to third , Winn to second . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Ventura singled to right . Mondesi flied out to center . Almonte singled to left , Ventura to second . Soriano singled to left , Ventura scored , Almonte to third . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left , Almonte scored . Ja Giambi grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to left . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Boone struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to first . Posada doubled to deep center . Ventura flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Martinez singled to center . Cameron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . Colbrunn struck out swinging . Winn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Carrara pitching for Mariners . Bloomquist at second base . Mabry in right field . Mondesi walked . Almonte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mondesi out at second . Soriano flied out to left . Johnson singled to right , Almonte to second . Gipson hit for Williams . Ja Giambi homered to right , Almonte and Johnson scored . Gipson in center field . Gipson flied out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Cirillo popped out to first . Wilson flied out to center . Bloomquist popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Matsui doubled to right center . Posada flied out to center . Ventura struck out looking . Mondesi tripled to deep center , Matsui scored . Almonte popped out to shallow left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Yankees . Guillen walked . Mabry singled to center , Guillen to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mabry out at second , Guillen to third . Cameron walked . Colbrunn singled to right , Guillen scored , Cameron to third . Winn doubled to left , Cameron scored , Colbrunn to third . Cirillo popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Sasaki pitching for Mariners . Soriano flied out to center . Johnson flied out to center . Trammell hit for Ja Giambi . Trammell flied out to shallow left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Wilson singled to center . Wilson to second on passed ball by Posada . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Guillen fouled out to third . Mabry flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 16 - Mariners 5 .	Enough ! Yanks batter Mariners with 10 - run inning