Yankees - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Soriano homered to left . Jeter singled to left . Jeter stole second , Jeter safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varitek . Ja Giambi hit sacrifice fly to right , Jeter scored . Williams struck out swinging . Matsui grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Damon walked . Walker flied out to deep center , Damon to third . Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to center , Damon scored . Ramirez hit by pitch . Ortiz walked , Ramirez to second . Nixon flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Posada walked . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Posada out at second . Mondesi stole second . Zeile doubled to left center , Mondesi scored . Trammell grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Mueller grounded out to second . Giambi walked . Varitek lined out to left . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Jeter fouled out to right . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Walker doubled to deep left center . Garciaparra doubled to deep left , Walker scored . Ramirez walked . Ortiz lined out to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Garciaparra caught stealing third , catcher to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to center . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to first to second to shortstop , Matsui out at second . Mondesi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Mueller doubled to deep left . Giambi flied out to deep left . Varitek homered to right , Mueller scored . Damon popped out to third . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Walker grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Zeile singled to deep left . Trammell singled to left , Zeile to second . Soriano singled to left , Zeile to third , Trammell to second . Jeter singled to right center , Zeile scored , Trammell to third , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi hit sacrifice fly to right , Trammell scored , Soriano to third . Williams grounded out to second , Soriano scored , Jeter to second . Matsui grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to right . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Posada singled to center . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posada out at second . Zeile singled to right center , Mondesi to third . Trammell struck out swinging . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Nixon walked . Mueller singled to center , Nixon to third . Giambi singled to right , Nixon scored , Mueller to second . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Varitek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Giambi out at second , Mueller to third . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Damon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out looking . Ja Giambi flied out to left . Williams flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Walker walked . Garciaparra doubled to left , Walker to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Ortiz doubled to left center , Walker and Garciaparra scored , Ramirez to third . Hillenbrand ran for Ortiz . Nixon hit sacrifice fly to deep left center , Ramirez scored , Hillenbrand to third . Mueller walked . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Millar hit for Giambi . Millar hit sacrifice fly to right , Hillenbrand scored , Mueller to second advancing on throw . Varitek walked . Damon singled to left , Mueller scored , Varitek to second . Hillenbrand at first base . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Walker flied out to left center . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada homered to right center . Mondesi grounded out to second . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Zeile lined out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Acevedo pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra popped out to shallow center . Ramirez grounded out to third . Hillenbrand singled to center . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Ventura hit for Trammell . Nixon fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Ventura struck out looking . Soriano struck out swinging . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Red Sox 10 .	No Pedro , no problem as Red Sox rally against Yanks