Red Sox - Top 1st . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to second . Walker struck out swinging . Garciaparra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out swinging . Matsui struck out swinging . Soriano safe at first on error by third baseman Mueller . Soriano stole second . Ja Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Ramirez doubled to deep left . Nixon struck out swinging . Millar singled to left , Ramirez to third . Hillenbrand singled to right , Ramirez scored , Millar to second . Mueller struck out looking . Mirabelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Posada lined out to third . Ventura walked . Mondesi walked , Ventura to second . Rivera struck out swinging . Zeile grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Damon flied out to left . Walker singled to shallow center . Garciaparra singled to left , Walker to second . Walker to third , Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Clemens . Ramirez intentionally walked . Nixon walked , Walker scored , Garciaparra to third , Ramirez to second . Millar hit sacrifice fly to left center , Garciaparra scored . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter flied out to right . Matsui grounded out to first . Soriano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Mueller singled to right . Mirabelli singled to left , Mueller to second . Damon sacrificed to catcher , Mueller to third , Mirabelli to second . Walker grounded out to pitcher , Mueller scored , Mirabelli to third . Mirabelli scored on Clemens ' wild pitch . Garciaparra fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ja Giambi grounded out to shortstop . Posada walked . Ventura singled to right , Posada to second . Mondesi struck out looking . Rivera doubled to deep left , Posada scored , Ventura to third . Zeile reached on infield single to second , Ventura scored , Rivera to third , Rivera scored on throwing error by second baseman Walker . Jeter singled to right , Zeile to second . Matsui grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Ramirez struck out swinging . Nixon struck out swinging . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Soriano flied out to right . Ja Giambi walked . Posada walked , Ja Giambi to second . Ventura walked , Ja Giambi to third , Posada to second . Mondesi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ventura out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Hillenbrand flied out to shallow left . Mueller struck out swinging . Mirabelli singled to left . Damon singled to left , Mirabelli to third , Damon to second on throwing error by left fielder Rivera . Walker singled to right , Mirabelli and Damon scored , Walker to second advancing on throw . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra singled to shallow center , Walker scored . Ramirez walked , Garciaparra to second . Person pitching for Red Sox . Nixon popped out to third . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Person pitching for Red Sox . Rivera struck out looking . Zeile flied out to deep left . Jeter flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Millar flied out to right . Hillenbrand doubled to left . Mueller flied out to left . Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Person pitching for Red Sox . Matsui walked . Soriano singled to shallow right center , Matsui to second . Ja Giambi flied out to left , Matsui to third . Posada grounded out to catcher , Matsui scored , Soriano to second . Soriano to third on wild pitch by Person . Anderson pitching for Yankees . Ventura flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Damon walked . Walker flied out to right . Damon stole second , Damon safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada . Garciaparra fouled out to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Nixon popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Mondesi lined out to third . Rivera struck out swinging . Zeile grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Giambi hit for Millar . Giambi singled to right . Hillenbrand singled to center , Giambi to second . Mueller grounded out to first , Giambi to third , Hillenbrand to second . Mirabelli grounded out to third . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Damon fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to third . Matsui struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Yankees 4 .	No lucky glove , no 300 love as BoSox club Clemens