Devil Rays - Top 1st . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to left . Baldelli doubled to left , Crawford to third . Huff hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Lee reached on infield single to second , Baldelli to third . Grieve grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Soriano grounded out to third . Jeter grounded out to second . Ja Giambi homered to left center . Posada walked . Matsui struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Anderson singled to left . Rolls hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Anderson picked off second . Valentin grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rolls out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Sierra grounded out to first . Mondesi struck out looking . Zeile walked . Rivera flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Lugo flied out to center . Crawford flied out to left . Baldelli walked . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Soriano popped out to first . Jeter flied out to right . Ja Giambi lined out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Lee flied out to left . Grieve lined out to left center . Anderson singled to center . Rolls flied out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Posada walked . Matsui walked , Posada to second . Sierra struck out swinging . Mondesi flied out to shallow center . Posada to third , Matsui to second on balk by Gonzalez . Zeile grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Weaver pitching for Yankees . Valentin singled to left . Lugo popped out to second . Crawford flied out to center . Baldelli singled to right , Valentin to second . Huff doubled to deep left center , Valentin and Baldelli scored . Lee homered to right , Huff scored . Grieve homered to right . Anderson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Rivera struck out swinging . Soriano flied out to deep left center . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Rolls grounded out to second . Valentin reached on infield single to second . Lugo grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Valentin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Ja Giambi walked . Posada flied out to right center . Matsui flied into double play , center to second to first , Ja Giambi doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hitchcock pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to center . Baldelli struck out looking . Crawford stole second . Crawford stole third . Huff singled to center , Crawford scored . Lee doubled to deep right , Huff scored . Grieve safe at first on error by pitcher Hitchcock , Lee to third . Anderson homered to right , Lee and Grieve scored . Rolls reached on infield single to second . Reyes pitching for Yankees . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Valentin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rolls out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Sierra flied out to left center . Mondesi singled to right center . Zeile popped out to second . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mondesi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Yankees . Lugo hit ground rule double to left . Crawford walked . Tyner hit for Huff . Baldelli struck out swinging . Tyner walked , Lugo to third , Crawford to second . Tyner in right field . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tyner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Soriano flied out to right . Jeter struck out swinging . Anderson pitching for Yankees . Ja Giambi flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Wilson at shortstop . Grieve walked . Anderson reached on infield single to first , Grieve to second . Rolls struck out looking . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Valentin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Venafro pitching for Devil Rays . Posada singled to center . Trammell hit for Sierra . Matsui singled to center , Posada to second . Trammell flied out to center , Posada to third . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posada scored , Matsui out at second . Zeile grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 11 - Yankees 2 .	Every starter gets a hit as Devil Rays shell Yankees