Yankees - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Soriano walked . Jeter reached on bunt single to third , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi walked , Soriano to third , Jeter to second . Williams safe at first on error by shortstop Gutierrez , Soriano scored , Jeter to third , Ja Giambi to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada walked , Jeter scored , Ja Giambi to third , Williams to second . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ja Giambi scored , Posada out at second , Williams to third . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sierra out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Yankees . Crisp grounded out to second . Lawton grounded out to second . Bradley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Zeile grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to left . Jeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Blake grounded out to second . Gerut singled to left . Martinez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gerut out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Ja Giambi grounded out to first . Williams walked . Matsui popped out to second . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Gutierrez singled to center . Phillips grounded into double play , second to first , Gutierrez out at second . Peralta singled to right . Crisp singled to left center , Peralta to second . Lawton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Sierra doubled to deep center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Zeile lined out to left center . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Bradley grounded out to second . Blake grounded out to third . Gerut flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Jeter singled to right . Ja Giambi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jeter out at second . Williams grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ja Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Martinez reached on infield single to third . Gutierrez singled to left center , Martinez to second . Phillips grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gutierrez out at second , Martinez to third . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Matsui grounded out to first . Posada walked . Sierra lined out to right . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Crisp struck out swinging . Lawton popped out to shallow center . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Zeile walked . Soriano flied out to deep center . Jeter singled to right , Zeile to third . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams singled to center , Zeile scored , Jeter to second . Matsui flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Blake flied out to deep right . Gerut lined out to shortstop . Boyd pitching for Indians . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Boyd pitching for Indians . Posada walked . Sierra singled to left , Posada to second . Garcia ran for Sierra . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garcia out at second , Posada to third . Ventura hit for Zeile . Herrera pitching for Indians . Mondesi to second on wild pitch by Herrera . Ventura walked . Soriano flied out to center . Cressend pitching for Indians . Jeter doubled to right , Posada and Mondesi scored , Ventura to third . Garcia in right field . Ventura at third base . Ja Giambi flied out to shallow left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Gutierrez singled to shallow center . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gutierrez out at second . Peralta doubled to right , Phillips to third . Crisp singled to right , Phillips scored , Peralta to third . Lawton grounded out to second , Peralta scored , Crisp to second . Miceli pitching for Yankees . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Cressend pitching for Indians . Williams grounded out to first . Matsui lined out to third . Posada walked . Garcia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Miceli pitching for Yankees . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Gerut doubled to right . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Gerut to third . Gutierrez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Indians 2 .	Gang 's all here : Jeter , Soriano , Williams lead Yanks