Yankees - Top 1st . Wasdin pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano flied out to right . Jeter singled to left . Ja Giambi popped out to shallow right . Williams singled to left , Jeter to third . Matsui doubled to right , Jeter scored , Williams to third . Posada walked . Ventura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Stewart homered to right . Johnson safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Wells grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . Delgado singled to left . Wilson doubled to right , Delgado to third . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wasdin pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi singled to left center . Wilson reached on bunt single to second , Mondesi to second . Soriano doubled to left , Mondesi scored , Wilson to third . Jeter singled to center , Wilson and Soriano scored . Ja Giambi doubled to deep left center , Jeter scored . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Williams grounded out to pitcher . Matsui flied out to shallow center . Posada intentionally walked . Ventura fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hinske walked . Hudson struck out swinging . Woodward doubled to deep left , Hinske scored . Stewart grounded out to shortstop , Woodward to third . Johnson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi flied out to right . Wilson flied out to left center . Soriano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wells doubled to right . Delgado singled to left , Wells scored . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Delgado out at second . Werth struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter lined out to second . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hinske flied out to right center . Hudson struck out looking . Woodward homered to left . Stewart grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada grounded out to third . Ventura flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Johnson walked . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . Delgado flied out to center . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Mondesi flied out to shallow center . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Soriano doubled to right . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter walked . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Werth struck out swinging . Hinske doubled to deep right center . Hudson grounded out to third . Woodward walked . Stewart singled to left , Hinske scored , Woodward to third , Stewart to second on error by left fielder Matsui . Johnson lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Williams singled to left . Matsui singled to right , Williams to third . Posada walked , Matsui to second . Sierra hit for Ventura . Service pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra struck out swinging . Mondesi walked , Williams scored , Matsui to third , Posada to second . Wilson singled to right , Matsui scored , Posada thrown out at home , Mondesi to third , Wilson to second advancing on throw . Soriano popped out to shallow right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wells popped out to first . Delgado struck out swinging . Wilson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Service pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Ja Giambi homered to right . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to third . Wilson lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra hit for Ventura . Service pitching for Blue Jays . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson lined out to first . Wells grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Blue Jays 5 .	Pettitte , Yankees feast on reeling Blue Jays