Yankees - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske . Jeter sacrificed to pitcher , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Stewart flied out to deep center . Catalanotto struck out swinging . Wells homered to left . Delgado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to first . Posada singled to left . Ventura grounded out to second , Posada to second . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Myers walked . Hinske grounded out to first , Myers to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pride struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to second . Jeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Woodward grounded out to third . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi grounded out to third . Williams grounded out to second . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Delgado reached on infield single to second . Myers singled to left , Delgado to second . Hinske grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Myers out at second , Delgado to third . Johnson singled to right , Delgado scored . Clark grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to second . Ventura grounded out to pitcher . Garcia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Woodward singled to left . Stewart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Woodward out at second . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pride grounded out to shortstop . Soriano grounded out to third . Jeter singled to right . Ja Giambi homered to right , Jeter scored . Williams struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Wells flied out to left . Delgado struck out swinging . Myers flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada struck out swinging . Ventura singled to center . Wilson ran for Ventura . Wilson at third base . Garcia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hinske grounded out to catcher . Johnson flied out to center . Clark singled to left . Woodward singled to left , Clark to second . Stewart hit by pitch , Clark to third , Woodward to second . Catalanotto singled to left , Clark and Woodward scored , Stewart to third , Catalanotto to second advancing on throw . Johnson in left field . Werth in right field . Wells flied out to deep center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Pride grounded out to second . Soriano grounded out to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Delgado singled to center . Myers singled to center , Delgado to second . Hinske safe at first on error by right fielder Garcia , Delgado to third , Myers to second . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Johnson doubled to left , Delgado , Myers and Hinske scored . Clark singled to center , Hinske and Johnson scored , Clark to second advancing on throw . Woodward flied out to right . Werth doubled to left center , Clark scored . Reyes pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto grounded out to second , Werth to third . Wells singled to center , Werth scored . Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays . Hudson at second base . Delgado flied out to deep left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays . Ja Giambi struck out swinging . Williams walked . Williams to second on wild pitch by Acevedo . Matsui singled to left , Williams to third . Posada singled to center , Williams scored , Matsui to third . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson flied out to right . Sierra hit for Garcia . Sierra fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 3 - Blue Jays 10 .	Halladay wins 13th straight as Yanks bullpen falters