Yankees - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Johnson hit by pitch . Giambi walked , Johnson to second . Williams singled to right , Johnson scored , Giambi to second . Matsui grounded out to second , Giambi to third , Williams to second . Posada singled to left , Giambi scored , Williams to third . Boone singled to left , Williams scored , Posada to second . Rivera singled to left , Posada to third , Boone to second . Rivera picked off first . Wilson batting . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Mueller grounded out to second . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Jeter flied out to left . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Ortiz singled to right center . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . Nixon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Giambi struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to shortstop . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Clemens pitching for Yankees . McCarty reached on infield single to shortstop . Mirabelli doubled to deep right center , McCarty to third . McCarty scored , Mirabelli to third on passed ball by Posada . Kapler popped out to shortstop . Mueller grounded out to pitcher . Walker singled to left center , Mirabelli scored . Garciaparra flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Posada doubled to right center . Boone popped out to second . Rivera struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar grounded out to third . Nixon reached on infield single to second . McCarty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to right center , Jeter to second on error by second baseman Walker . Johnson singled to right , Jeter scored . Giambi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . Williams walked . Matsui safe at second on error by center fielder Kapler , Williams scored . Posada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Mirabelli flied out to left . Kapler fouled out to first . Mueller lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Boone flied out to right . Rivera grounded out to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Walker flied out to left . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to left . Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox . Soriano ran for Jeter . Johnson hit by pitch , Soriano to second . Giambi struck out swinging . Soriano to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Sauerbeck . Williams intentionally walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Soriano out at home , Johnson to third , Williams to second , Johnson and Williams scored , Matsui to second on throwing error by catcher Mi . Posada walked . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Boone singled to center , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Soriano at second base . Wilson at shortstop . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Boone out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Clemens pitching for Yankees . Millar grounded out to second . Nixon walked . McCarty singled to center , Nixon to third . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Kapler walked , McCarty to second . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Mueller singled to center , Nixon and McCarty scored , Kapler to second . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Varitek hit for Walker . Varitek catching . Merloni at second base . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Varitek flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Wilson flied out to right . Soriano flied out to left . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra batting . Ortiz batting . Millar batting . Nixon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Giambi flied out to center . Williams struck out swinging . Matsui singled to left . Posada fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . McCarty singled to left . Merloni singled to left , McCarty to second . Kapler grounded out to third , McCarty to third , Merloni to second . Mueller popped out to second . Varitek walked . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Red Sox 4 .	Rocket wins 100th at Fenway