Blue Jays - Top 1st . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Catalanotto popped out to first . Bordick flied out to right . Wells singled to right . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano singled to left . Soriano to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Johnson walked . Jeter reached on bunt single to third , Soriano to third , Johnson to second . Giambi safe at first on error by pitcher Escobar , Soriano scored , Johnson to third , Jeter to second . Williams struck out swinging . Matsui singled to shallow left , Johnson and Jeter scored , Giambi to second . Boone struck out swinging . Garcia struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Myers grounded out to first . Phelps singled to left . Hinske walked , Phelps to second . Kielty lined out to right . Hudson doubled to left , Phelps and Hinske scored . Catalanotto flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Flaherty flied out to left . Soriano struck out swinging . Johnson walked . Johnson stole second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Bordick grounded out to shortstop . Wells doubled to left . Delgado struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Giambi singled to right center . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Giambi out at second . Matsui doubled to left , Williams to third . Boone singled to shallow left , Williams scored , Matsui to third . Garcia struck out swinging . Flaherty popped out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Phelps struck out swinging . Hinske grounded out to second . Kielty lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano singled to right center . Johnson singled to shallow left , Soriano to second . Jeter singled to shallow right , Soriano scored , Johnson to third . Giambi walked , Jeter to second . Williams grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson scored , Giambi out at second , Jeter to third . Bowles pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui singled to shallow left , Jeter scored , Williams to second . Boone safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hinske , Williams scored , Matsui to third . Garcia struck out swinging . Flaherty popped out to second . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Hudson doubled to deep center . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop , Hudson to third . Bordick struck out swinging . Wells singled to right , Hudson scored . Delgado struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Bowles pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano hit by pitch . Johnson grounded out to second , Soriano to second . Jeter grounded out to third . Giambi walked . Williams flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Myers grounded out to shortstop . Phelps grounded out to shortstop . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Hinske grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Reichert pitching for Blue Jays . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Boone doubled to left . Garcia singled to right center , Boone scored . Flaherty reached on infield single to pitcher , Garcia to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Mussina pitching for Yankees . Kielty struck out looking . Hudson struck out swinging . Catalanotto singled to center . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Bordick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Cash catching . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter reached on infield single to third . Giambi singled to right , Jeter to third . Williams grounded out to pitcher , Giambi to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Boone fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Osuna pitching for Yankees . Wells grounded out to pitcher . Delgado singled to left center . Cash hit by pitch , Delgado to second . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Phelps flied out to right . Johnson in center field . Wilson at first base . Clark at third base . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Chulk pitching for Blue Jays . Garcia flied out to center . Flaherty popped out to second . Soriano singled to right . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Heredia pitching for Yankees . Kielty flied out to center . Berg hit for Catalanotto . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Berg grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 9 .	Mussina beats Blue Jays for 16th victory