Marlins - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out looking . Castillo caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Marlins . Soriano walked . Jeter struck out swinging . Soriano caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Giambi hit by pitch . Williams singled to center , Giambi to third . Matsui homered to center , Giambi and Williams scored . Posada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Cabrera lined out to center . Lee flied out to right . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Marlins . Boone flied out to right . Johnson reached on bunt single to third . Rivera doubled to deep center , Johnson scored , Rivera out stretching at third . Soriano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Conine struck out looking . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Marlins . Jeter singled to left . Giambi flied out to center . Jeter to second on wild pitch by Redman . Helling pitching for Marlins . Williams walked . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Williams out at second , Jeter to third . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierre out at second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Helling pitching for Marlins . Boone struck out swinging . Johnson singled to center . Rivera fouled out to catcher . Soriano homered to left , Johnson scored . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Boone . Lee struck out swinging . Lowell grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera to second . Conine flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Helling pitching for Marlins . Giambi flied out to right . Williams grounded out to third . Matsui flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Pierre grounded out to first , Encarnacion to second . Fox pitching for Marlins . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Fox pitching for Marlins . Posada walked . Boone struck out swinging . Posada caught stealing second , catcher to second . Johnson doubled to deep right . Rivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rodriguez out at second . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Pavano pitching for Marlins . Soriano struck out looking . Jeter struck out swinging . Giambi doubled to deep left . Williams walked . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lowell singled to right . Conine struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to second , Lowell to second . Redmond catching . Looper pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Looper pitching for Marlins . Posada struck out swinging . Boone singled to center . Johnson struck out swinging . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boone out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Castillo singled to center . Redmond flied out to right . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Boone , Castillo to second . Contreras pitching for Yankees . Lee singled to right , Castillo scored , Cabrera to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Yankees 6 .	Pettitte too fast for the Fish