Athletics - Top 1st . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Crisp lined out to second . Burns bunt grounded out to pitcher . Reddick singled to center . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Betts homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Pedroia struck out swinging . Bogaerts singled to shallow right . Ramírez homered to left center ( 460 feet ) , Bogaerts scored . Young singled to left . Rutledge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Vogt flied out to left . Butler singled to center . Alonso fouled out to catcher . Semien singled to shallow left , Butler to second . Coghlan singled to center , Butler thrown out at home , Semien to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Shaw grounded out to second . Hanigan grounded out to third . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Crisp grounded out to second . Burns lined out to right . Reddick singled to center . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reddick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Manaea pitching for Athletics . Betts singled to left . Pedroia doubled to deep right center , Betts scored . Bogaerts singled to center , Pedroia scored . Ramírez singled to right , Bogaerts to third . Young singled to left , Bogaerts scored , Ramírez to second . Rutledge lined out to center . Shaw doubled to right , Ramírez and Young scored , Shaw out stretching at third . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Hanigan struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Vogt flied out to center . Butler singled to left . Alonso flied out to center . Semien grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Bradley Jr. flied out to left . Betts grounded out to shortstop . Pedroia walked . Bogaerts grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Coghlan struck out looking . Crisp struck out looking . Burns singled to right . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Ramírez singled to right . Ramírez to second on wild pitch by Coulombe . Young struck out swinging . Rutledge walked . Shaw homered to left center ( 394 feet ) , Ramírez and Rutledge scored . Hanigan grounded out to third . Bradley Jr. singled to left . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Betts struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Holt at second base . O'Sullivan pitching for Red Sox . Davis singled to center . Vogt singled to center , Davis to second . Davis to third , Vogt to second on wild pitch by O'Sullivan . Butler grounded out to pitcher . Alonso singled to left center , Davis scored , Vogt to third . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogt scored , Alonso out at second . Coghlan doubled to deep right , Semien to third . Crisp doubled to deep left , Semien and Coghlan scored . Burns flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Holt grounded out to shortstop . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox . Reddick walked . Davis struck out swinging . Vogt struck out swinging . Butler doubled to deep center , Reddick scored . Alonso grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Triggs pitching for Athletics . Young hit by pitch . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Young out at second . Shaw singled to right , Rutledge to third , Rutledge scored , Shaw to second on throwing error by right fielder Reddick . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop , Shaw to third . Rzepczynski pitching for Athletics . Bradley Jr. singled to center , Shaw scored . Betts safe at first on error by third baseman Alonso , Bradley Jr. to second . Holt grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Semien singled to center . Coghlan lined out to pitcher , Semien to second on throwing error by pitcher Tazawa . Crisp struck out swinging . Burns grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Ladendorf at second base . Coghlan in right field . Madson pitching for Athletics . Bogaerts flied out to right . Ramírez walked . Young singled to right , Ramírez to second . Rutledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second , Ramírez to third . Shaw walked , Rutledge to second . Hanigan flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Ladendorf struck out swinging . Davis singled to center . Davis to second on fielder 's indifference . Vogt struck out looking . Butler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Red Sox 13 .	Ortiz rests , Red Sox bats stay hot in 13 - 5 win over A 's