Red Sox - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Betts lined out to right . Pedroia doubled to deep right . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop , Pedroia to third . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Donaldson lined out to second . Encarnación doubled to deep center . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Ramírez flied out to left . Bradley Jr. grounded out to first . Shaw struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Smoak grounded out to second . Martin grounded out to pitcher . Travis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Young grounded out to third . Vázquez singled to center . Betts struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Barney doubled to right . Pillar doubled to right , Barney scored . Bautista singled to center , Pillar to third . Donaldson walked , Bautista to second . Encarnación hit by pitch , Pillar scored , Bautista to third , Donaldson to second . Saunders grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bautista scored , Encarnación out at second , Donaldson to third . Smoak flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Ortiz doubled to left . Ramírez walked . Bradley Jr. lined into double play , shortstop to second , Ortiz doubled off second . Shaw lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Martin struck out swinging . Travis grounded out to shortstop . Barney tripled to deep right center . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Young struck out swinging . Vázquez doubled to left . Betts reached on infield single to third , Vázquez to third . Pedroia doubled to deep right , Vázquez and Betts scored . Bogaerts singled to left , Pedroia to third . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to left , Bogaerts and Pedroia scored advancing on play . Ramírez out stretching at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Bautista flied out to left . Donaldson singled to left . Encarnación grounded into double play , third to second to first , Donaldson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Bradley Jr. hit ground rule double to deep right center . Shaw homered to right ( 372 feet ) , Bradley Jr. scored . Young safe at first on error by third baseman Donaldson . Young stole second . Vázquez struck out swinging . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Betts flied out to center . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Saunders struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Martin homered to right ( 356 feet ) . Travis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Chavez pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts singled to center , Bogaerts to second on error by center fielder Pillar . Bogaerts to third on wild pitch by Chavez . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . Ramírez singled to left center , Bogaerts scored . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Shaw struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Barney grounded out to third . Pillar safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Bautista grounded out to pitcher , Pillar to third . Barnes pitching for Red Sox . Donaldson walked . Encarnación grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Blue Jays . Young doubled to left . Young stole third . Vázquez struck out swinging . Betts struck out swinging . Pedroia fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Saunders hit by pitch . Smoak reached on infield single to shortstop , Saunders to second . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Martin singled to right , Saunders scored , Smoak to third . Travis doubled to left , Smoak scored , Martin to third . Paredes hit for Barney . Martin scored , Travis to third on wild pitch by Tazawa . Paredes struck out swinging . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Pillar struck out swinging . Bautista singled to right , Travis scored . Donaldson popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Goins at shortstop . Floyd pitching for Blue Jays . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Ortiz homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Ramírez popped out to shortstop . Bradley Jr. grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Encarnación popped out to shortstop . Saunders struck out swinging . Smoak singled to center . Carrera ran for Smoak . Carrera stole second . Carrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Vázquez . Martin doubled to deep center , Carrera scored . Martin to third on wild pitch by Kimbrel . Travis safe at first on error by first baseman Ramírez , Martin scored . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 9 - Blue Jays 10 .	Blue Jays walk off Red Sox , 10 - 9 , as Travis scores Martin