White Sox - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Anderson singled to right . Eaton hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Anderson to third , Eaton to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Anderson scored , Abreu out at second , Eaton to third . Eaton scored on Porcello 's wild pitch . Frazier struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Betts singled to center . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betts out at second . Bogaerts flied out to left . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie grounded out to second . Avila flied out to center . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Young singled to deep left . LaMarre ran for Young . Bradley Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaMarre out at second . Ramírez singled to center , Bradley Jr. to second . Vázquez grounded out to shortstop , Bradley Jr. to third , Ramírez to second . Hernández flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . LaMarre in left field . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Shuck lined out to center . Anderson flied out to right . Eaton reached on bunt single to pitcher . Abreu hit by pitch , Eaton to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Betts popped out to shortstop . Pedroia flied out to center . Bogaerts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Frazier popped out to first . Lawrie singled to right . Avila singled to center , Lawrie to second . García struck out looking . Shuck singled to right , Lawrie scored , Avila to second , Avila thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Ortiz walked . LaMarre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . Bradley Jr. walked . Ramírez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Anderson grounded out to third . Eaton walked . Abreu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Vázquez struck out looking . Hernández grounded out to second . Betts singled to center . Pedroia doubled to left , Betts scored . Bogaerts popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Red Sox . Cabrera tripled to deep center . Frazier hit sacrifice fly to center , Cabrera scored . Lawrie reached on infield single to third . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Avila singled to center , Lawrie to third . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Avila out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Ortiz walked . LaMarre walked , Ortiz to second . Albers pitching for White Sox . Bradley Jr. hit by pitch , Ortiz to third , LaMarre to second . Ramírez reached on infield single to second , Ortiz scored , LaMarre to third , Bradley Jr. to second , LaMarre scored , Bradley Jr. to third on throwing error by second baseman Lawrie . León hit for Vázquez . León singled to center , Bradley Jr. scored , Ramírez to third . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez scored , León out at second . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernández out at second . Betts picked off first . Pedroia batting . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . León catching . Layne pitching for Red Sox . Shuck grounded out to pitcher . Anderson singled to left . Eaton reached on bunt single to third , Anderson to second . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Abreu homered to left ( 372 feet ) , Anderson and Eaton scored . Cabrera flied out to center . Frazier flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Pedroia walked . Bogaerts reached on infield single to third , Pedroia to second , Pedroia to third , Bogaerts to second on throwing error by third baseman Frazier . Ortiz intentionally walked . Shaw hit for LaMarre . Shaw hit sacrifice fly to right , Pedroia scored , Bogaerts to third . Bradley Jr. bunt popped out to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 8th . Shaw in left field . Hembree pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts . Avila singled to center , Lawrie to second . García singled to right , Lawrie to third , Avila to second . Shuck flied out to left . Anderson struck out swinging . Eaton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for White Sox . León lined out to right . Hernández doubled to deep left . Betts struck out swinging . Pedroia singled to left , Hernández scored , Pedroia to second advancing on throw . Bogaerts popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Abreu flied out to right . Cabrera flied out to right . Frazier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep right . Marrero ran for Ortiz . Shaw walked . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . Ramírez lined out to right . León struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 10th . Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie walked . Avila singled to deep right center , Lawrie to third . Saladino ran for Avila . Saladino to second on fielder 's indifference . García walked . Shuck popped out to shortstop . Anderson struck out swinging . Eaton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 10th . Navarro catching . Purke pitching for White Sox . Hernández walked . Betts grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernández out at second . Pedroia walked , Betts to second . Bogaerts singled to right center , Betts scored , Pedroia to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Red Sox 8 .	Red Sox beat White Sox 8 - 7 in 10 innings , avert 4 - game sweep