Reds - Top 1st . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Votto singled to deep right center . Castellanos tripled to center , Votto scored . Winker hit sacrifice fly to center , Castellanos scored . Suárez walked . Moustakas grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Suárez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Reds . Happ struck out swinging . Bryant grounded out to third . Rizzo singled to center . Báez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Akiyama walked . Stephenson struck out looking . Akiyama stole second . Goodwin doubled to right , Akiyama scored . Garcia struck out swinging . Votto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Reds . Contreras singled to center . Heyward hit into fielder 's choice to left , Contreras out at second . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heyward out at second . Bote struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Castellanos lined out to left . Winker flied out to right . Suárez popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Reds . Hoerner grounded out to shortstop . Happ struck out looking . Bryant reached on infield single to pitcher . Rizzo walked , Bryant to second . Báez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Moustakas hit by pitch . Akiyama grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moustakas out at second . Akiyama stole second , Akiyama safe at third on throwing error by catcher Contreras . Stephenson lined out to second . Ryan pitching for Cubs . Goodwin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Reds . Contreras walked . Heyward grounded out to first , Contreras to second . Maybin reached on infield single to third , Contreras to third . Bote walked , Maybin to second . Hoerner doubled to center , Contreras scored and Maybin scored , Bote to third . Happ singled to shallow right , Bote scored and Hoerner scored . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Bryant walked , Happ to second . Bryant to second on wild pitch by Lorenzen , Happ to third on wild pitch by Lorenzen . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop , Happ scored , Bryant to third . Báez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Ryan pitching for Cubs . Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop . Votto flied out to center . Tepera pitching for Cubs . Castellanos flied out to left . Garcia to second on wild pitch by Tepera . Winker walked . Suárez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Galvis at second base . Lorenzen pitching for Reds . Contreras doubled to center . Heyward grounded out to first , Contreras to third . Maybin tripled to left , Contreras scored . Bote walked . Hoerner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Maybin scored , Bote out at second . Thornburg pitching for Reds . Hoerner stole second . Happ struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Adam pitching for Cubs . Galvis doubled to right . Akiyama walked . Stephenson struck out looking . Goodwin struck out swinging . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Thornburg pitching for Reds . Bryant struck out swinging . Rizzo reached on infield single to second . Báez struck out swinging . Contreras singled to center , Rizzo to third . Heyward walked , Contreras to second . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Wick pitching for Cubs . Votto grounded out to second . Castellanos struck out swinging . Casali hit for Winker . Casali struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Casali as designated hitter . Schwarber hit for Bote . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Schwarber grounded out to first . Hoerner reached on infield single to shortstop . Hamilton ran for Hoerner . Hamilton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Happ struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Schwarber as designated hitter . Vargas at second base . Winkler pitching for Cubs . Suárez singled to left . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suárez safe at second on error by shortstop Báez . Akiyama singled to left center , Suárez scored , Akiyama out stretching at second , Galvis to third . Stephenson singled to center , Galvis scored . Goodwin struck out swinging . Garcia lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for Reds . Bryant singled to center . Rizzo flied out to left . Báez struck out swinging . Contreras doubled to deep left center , Bryant scored . Heyward walked . Maybin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Jeffress pitching for Cubs . Votto grounded out to second . Castellanos reached on infield single to third . Casali grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Cubs 8 .	Hoerner , Happ , bullpen lead Cubs past Reds 8 - 5