Indians - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana struck out swinging . Lindor struck out looking . Brantley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Owings struck out looking . Peralta struck out looking . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Encarnación grounded out to third . Ramírez singled to right . Díaz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Lamb struck out looking . Tomás reached on infield single to third . Drury popped out to third . Hazelbaker singled to center , Tomás to third . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Naquin flied out to left . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Bauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Greinke grounded out to shortstop . Owings fouled out to first . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana doubled to deep right . Lindor flied out to right , Santana to third . Brantley singled to right , Santana scored . Encarnación popped out to second . Ramírez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to third . Tomás grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Díaz singled to center . Naquin flied out to left . Pérez struck out swinging . Bauer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Drury singled to right . Hazelbaker singled to shallow right center , Drury to third . Mathis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Drury scored , Hazelbaker out at second . Greinke lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Santana grounded out to second . Lindor doubled to deep right center . Brantley grounded out to shortstop . Lindor to third on wild pitch by Greinke . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Owings flied out to left . Peralta homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt stole third . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás tripled to deep center , Goldschmidt scored . Shaw pitching for Indians . Drury doubled to deep left , Tomás scored . Hazelbaker batting . Mathis singled to center , Drury scored , Hazelbaker to third , Mathis to second advancing on throw . Greinke struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramírez grounded out to second . Díaz grounded out to second . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Naquin lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Owings lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Pérez grounded out to second . Almonte hit for Shaw . Almonte lined out to right . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Indians . Lamb doubled to right . Armstrong pitching for Indians . Tomás singled to right , Lamb to third . Drury singled to left , Lamb scored , Tomás to second . Hazelbaker reached on infield single to first , Tomás to third , Drury to second . Mathis popped out to second . Herrmann hit for Hoover . Herrmann singled to right , Tomás and Drury scored , Hazelbaker to third . Owings singled to left center , Hazelbaker scored , Herrmann to second . Peralta walked , Herrmann to third , Owings to second . Descalso hit for Goldschmidt . Descalso walked , Herrmann scored , Owings to third , Peralta to second . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings scored , Descalso out at second , Peralta to third . Ahmed hit for Tomás . Ahmed flied out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Owings in right field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso at first base . Ahmed at shortstop . Herrmann in left field . Lindor reached on infield single to shortstop . Guyer hit for Brantley . Guyer flied out to left . Encarnación struck out swinging . Ramírez doubled to deep right center , Lindor scored . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 2 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Diamondbacks rally again , erupt late to crush Indians