Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Hazelbaker grounded out to pitcher . Peralta struck out looking . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe doubled to deep right . Seager singled to shallow right center , Forsythe scored . Turner doubled to right , Seager to third . Puig hit sacrifice fly to right , Seager scored , Turner to third . González struck out swinging . Thompson grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Lamb singled to center . Drury struck out swinging . Descalso walked , Lamb to second . Ahmed homered to left center ( 387 feet ) , Lamb and Descalso scored . Herrmann flied out to center . Corbin grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to third . Barnes homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Maeda grounded out to third . Forsythe singled to left . Seager walked , Forsythe to second . Turner lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Hazelbaker struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to shallow center . González grounded out to shortstop , Puig to second . Thompson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Puig out at third . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Lamb popped out to shortstop . Drury doubled to right . Descalso lined out to left . Ahmed singled to center , Drury scored . Herrmann flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes flied out to right . Van Slyke hit for Maeda . Van Slyke safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Forsythe singled to shallow right center , Van Slyke to third . Seager hit sacrifice fly to left , Van Slyke scored . Turner hit by pitch , Forsythe to second . Puig singled to left , Forsythe to third , Turner to second . González grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Hernández at second base . Van Slyke in left field . Corbin struck out looking . Hazelbaker safe at first on error by third baseman Turner . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hazelbaker out at third , Peralta safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Seager . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Thompson popped out to second . Hernández hit ground rule double to deep right . Barnes struck out swinging . Van Slyke intentionally walked . Wood struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Lamb flied out to left . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager grounded out to first . Turner flied out to right . Puig walked . Puig stole second . González grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Ahmed struck out swinging . Herrmann safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Hernández . Tomás hit for Corbin . Tomás struck out swinging . Pollock hit for Hazelbaker . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrmann out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Pollock in center field . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Thompson struck out swinging . Hernández flied out to right . Barnes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Peralta grounded out to second . Romo pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt singled to center . Avilán pitching for Dodgers . Lamb struck out swinging . Grandal catching . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt stole second . Drury lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson hit for Van Slyke . Pederson struck out swinging . Grandal struck out swinging . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at second base . Seager hit ground rule double to deep left . Turner hit by pitch . Puig homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Seager and Turner scored . González walked . Thompson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Thompson in left field . Pederson in center field . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Descalso struck out swinging . Ahmed struck out looking . Herrmann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Dodgers 8 .	Puig hits 3 - run HR to help Dodgers beat Diamondbacks 8 - 4