Dodgers - Top 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Pederson singled to center . Seager homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Pederson scored . Turner flied out to right . González struck out swinging . Puig grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Pollock homered to center ( 393 feet ) . Owings fouled out to first . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal struck out looking . Toles grounded out to second . Utley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Tomás grounded out to third . Drury grounded out to third . Peralta singled to left center . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Wood struck out looking . Pederson grounded out to first . Seager grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Walker struck out looking . Pollock doubled to center . Owings doubled to left , Pollock scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Owings to third . Lamb flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner doubled to deep right . González grounded out to first , Turner to third . Puig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at home . Grandal walked , Puig to second . Toles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Tomás grounded out to third . Drury singled to shallow left center . Peralta struck out swinging . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Wood struck out looking . Pederson doubled to right . Seager singled to center , Pederson scored . Turner flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Walker struck out bunting foul . Pollock singled to right . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pollock out at second , Owings to second on throwing error by second baseman Utley . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Owings to third , Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Wood . Lamb singled to center , Owings and Goldschmidt scored . Báez pitching for Dodgers . Tomás fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . González struck out swinging . Puig flied out to right . Grandal doubled to right , Grandal to third on error by right fielder Peralta . Toles singled to center , Grandal scored . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Drury walked . Peralta walked , Drury to second . Drury to third , Peralta to second on passed ball by Grandal . Mathis struck out swinging . Hazelbaker hit for De La Rosa . Hazelbaker struck out swinging . Pollock flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor hit for Báez . Taylor homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Pederson fouled out to catcher . Seager singled to left . Turner hit by pitch , Seager to second . González grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Turner out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Owings lined out to second . Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep center . Lamb lined out to left , Goldschmidt to third on throwing error by left fielder Toles . Tomás fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig struck out swinging . Grandal grounded out to third . Toles grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Drury doubled to deep center . Peralta singled to shallow left , Drury to third . Herrmann hit for Mathis . Avilán pitching for Dodgers . Iannetta hit for Herrmann . Iannetta walked , Peralta to second . Descalso hit for Bradley . Descalso walked , Drury scored , Peralta to third , Iannetta to second . Romo pitching for Dodgers . Peralta scored , Iannetta to third , Descalso to second on balk by Romo . Pollock struck out swinging . Owings walked . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second , Iannetta and Descalso scored , Owings to third , Goldschmidt to second advancing on throw . Lamb intentionally walked . Tomás doubled to left , Owings and Goldschmidt scored , Lamb to third . Drury walked . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Peralta struck out swinging . Iannetta singled to center , Lamb and Tomás scored , Drury to second . Descalso doubled to deep right , Drury scored , Iannetta to third . Pollock struck out looking . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Iannetta catching . Descalso at first base . Hernández hit for Utley . Hernández flied out to right . Van Slyke hit for Fields . Van Slyke flied out to center . Eibner hit for Pederson . Eibner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 13 .	Diamondbacks score 9 runs in 8th , rout Dodgers 13 - 5