Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Ahmed reached on infield single to first , Ahmed to second on throwing error by pitcher Anderson . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third , Ahmed to third . Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon doubled to right . LeMahieu singled to deep right , Blackmon to third . Arenado singled to center , Blackmon scored , LeMahieu to third . Desmond struck out swinging . LeMahieu scored , Arenado to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Reynolds homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Arenado scored . Story walked . Parra lined out to center . Hanigan struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Drury doubled to deep right . Iannetta reached on infield single to third , Drury to third . Blanco singled to deep right , Drury scored , Iannetta to second . Corbin sacrificed to , Iannetta out at third , Blanco to second . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blanco out at third , Corbin to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson flied out to right . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Ahmed reached on infield single to shortstop . Goldschmidt safe at first on error by shortstop Story , Ahmed to second . Ahmed picked off second . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Desmond grounded out to second . Reynolds grounded out to third . Story lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Drury struck out looking . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra grounded out to second . Hanigan singled to right . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hanigan out at second . Blackmon tripled to deep right , Anderson scored . LeMahieu singled to shallow center , Blackmon scored . Arenado struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Corbin struck out swinging . Pollock struck out looking . Ahmed walked . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to left . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds walked , Desmond to second . Story struck out swinging . Parra singled to deep right , Desmond scored , Reynolds to second . Hanigan struck out looking . Anderson struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out looking . Tomás struck out swinging . Drury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to second . LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop . Arenado struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Iannetta lined out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann hit for Chafin . Herrmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds grounded out to third . Story doubled to deep left . Parra grounded out to third . Hanigan singled to deep right , Story scored . Rusin struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Ahmed grounded out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to deep right . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blackmon out at second . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Valaika at first base . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás reached on infield single to third . Drury grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tomás out at second . Iannetta popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Rockies 9 .	Anderson , Reynolds lead Rockies past Diamondbacks 9 - 1