Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Hazelbaker walked . Ahmed grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hazelbaker out at second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right center ( 433 feet ) . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Arenado singled to right center . Arenado to second on wild pitch by Godley . González grounded out to shortstop , Arenado to third . Desmond struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Owings flied out to center . Herrmann singled to center . Fuentes singled to right , Herrmann to third . Mathis grounded out to shortstop , Herrmann scored , Fuentes to second . Godley grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to first . Story struck out swinging . Murphy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Hazelbaker singled to center . Ahmed grounded out to third , Hazelbaker to second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Hazelbaker scored . Lamb walked , Goldschmidt to second . Owings homered to left ( 407 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Lamb scored . Herrmann struck out swinging . Fuentes popped out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Senzatela struck out swinging . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Mathis singled to center . Godley sacrificed to pitcher , Mathis to second . Hazelbaker walked . Ahmed singled to deep left center , Mathis scored , Hazelbaker to third . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 404 feet ) , Hazelbaker and Ahmed scored . Lamb grounded out to second . Owings grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado flied out to right . González struck out swinging . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Herrmann grounded out to pitcher . Fuentes grounded out to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia grounded out to first . Story popped out to second . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Amarista at shortstop . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Godley struck out looking . Hazelbaker flied out to left . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to second . Owings grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to first . González struck out swinging . Desmond lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Herrmann singled to left . Fuentes grounded out to third , Herrmann to second . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Godley singled to shallow center , Herrmann scored . Hazelbaker struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tapia reached on infield single to second . Valaika hit for McGee . Valaika doubled to deep left , Tapia scored . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to second , Valaika to third . Blackmon reached on infield single to pitcher , Valaika scored . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to right center , Blackmon to second . Arenado lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Valaika at shortstop . Amarista in right field . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Ahmed walked . Goldschmidt singled to right , Ahmed to third . Lamb struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . Herrmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Wolters hit for Anderson . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters singled to left . Desmond lined out to right . Tapia struck out swinging . Valaika grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Rockies 3 .	Goldschmidt homers as D - backs rout Rockies , 10 - 3