Phillies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Nava singled to center . Galvis lined out to center . Altherr singled to center , Nava to second . Franco fouled out to catcher . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Herrmann homered to right center ( 415 feet ) . Ahmed struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco grounded out to first . Stassi lined out to right . Knapp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Owings doubled to deep left . Descalso singled to left , Owings scored . Fuentes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Descalso out at second . Mathis walked , Fuentes to second . Greinke walked , Fuentes to third , Mathis to second . Herrmann walked , Fuentes scored , Mathis to third , Greinke to second . Ahmed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Herrmann out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Pivetta struck out swinging . Nava struck out looking . Galvis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Pivetta pitching for Phillies . Peralta singled to shallow center . Lamb singled to right , Peralta to second . Owings walked , Peralta to third , Lamb to second . Descalso singled to right , Peralta and Lamb scored , Owings to second , Owings to third advancing on throw . Fuentes singled to right , Owings scored , Descalso to second . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Descalso out at third , Fuentes to second , Fuentes to third on throwing error by third baseman Franco . Greinke struck out looking . Herrmann walked , Mathis to second . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Ahmed fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Altherr struck out swinging . Franco grounded out to second . Herrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Peralta grounded out to first . Lamb struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco flied out to left . Stassi walked . Knapp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stassi out at second . Morgan walked , Knapp to second . Nava singled to right , Knapp scored , Morgan to third . Galvis walked , Nava to second . Altherr grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Descalso struck out swinging . Fuentes walked . Mathis singled to center , Fuentes to second . Fuentes stole third , Mathis stole second . Greinke struck out swinging . Herrmann grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Franco singled to center . Herrera singled to left , Franco to second . Blanco struck out swinging . Stassi grounded out to first , Franco to third , Herrera to second . Knapp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Ahmed struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to first . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Perkins hit for Morgan . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Perkins flied out to left . Nava walked . Galvis flied out to center . Altherr fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Milner pitching for Phillies . Owings singled to right . Descalso struck out looking . Fuentes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Owings out at second . Mathis singled to center , Fuentes to third . Drury hit for Bracho . Drury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Franco grounded out to third . Herrera struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Kelly at second base . Pinto pitching for Phillies . Herrmann struck out swinging . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Stassi struck out looking . Knapp grounded out to second . Kelly grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Diamondbacks beat Phillies 6 - 1