Nationals - Top 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Goodwin homered to center ( 448 feet ) . Difo singled to left . Harper singled to right , Difo to third . Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center , Difo scored . Murphy walked , Harper to second . Rendon singled to shallow center , Harper scored , Murphy to third . Sánchez struck out swinging . Lobatón singled to center , Murphy scored , Rendon to second . Strasburg grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rendon out at third , Lobatón to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Descalso singled to right . Marte struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Descalso out at second . Goldschmidt walked , Peralta to second . Owings flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Goodwin lined out to left . Difo lined out to shortstop . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Herrmann flied out to center . Drury grounded out to shortstop . Blanco walked . Ray walked , Blanco to second . Descalso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Zimmerman reached on error by shortstop . Murphy singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Rendon walked , Zimmerman to third , Murphy to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman scored , Rendon out at second , Murphy to third . Sánchez caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Lobatón grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Grace pitching for Nationals . Marte grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to first . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Grace struck out looking . Goodwin struck out swinging . Difo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Herrmann grounded out to second . Drury grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper flied out to center . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Grace pitching for Nationals . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Iannetta hit for Ray . Iannetta singled to left . Descalso walked , Iannetta to second . Marte singled to deep left , Iannetta scored , Descalso to second . Peralta singled to center , Descalso scored , Marte to third . Blanton pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Rendon flied out to left . Sánchez grounded out to second . Lobatón singled to center . Stevenson hit for Blanton . Descalso at third base . Marte at shortstop . Blanco in left field . Pollock in center field . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Stevenson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lobatón out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Difo at shortstop . Stevenson in left field . Romero pitching for Nationals . Herrmann popped out to shortstop . Drury singled to left . Blanco singled to center , Drury to third . Blanco stole second . Pollock struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Goodwin flied out to center . Difo homered to right center ( 429 feet ) . Harper grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Nationals . Marte struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez hit for McFarland . Drew at shortstop . Albers pitching for Nationals . Martinez walked , Goldschmidt to second . Herrmann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Murphy flied out to right . Rendon flied out to right . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Drury struck out looking . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Lobatón struck out swinging . Stevenson struck out looking . Goodwin walked . Lind hit for Albers . Lind singled to left , Goodwin to second . Harper lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Descalso walked . Marte grounded out to first , Descalso to second . Peralta fouled out to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 6 - Diamondbacks 2 .	Strasburg leaves after 2 innings , Nationals win 6 - 2