Astros - Top 1st . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer lined out to left . Bregman singled to center . Altuve struck out swinging . Gurriel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Marte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Lamb struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick struck out swinging . Davis doubled to deep right . Stassi doubled to left , Davis scored . Marisnick singled to right , Stassi to third . Peacock struck out looking . Springer doubled to deep right center , Stassi and Marisnick scored . Bregman tripled to right , Springer scored . Bregman scored on Banda 's wild pitch . Altuve singled to center . Gurriel flied out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to right . Iannetta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick popped out to shortstop . Davis hit by pitch . Stassi flied out to right , Davis to second . Marisnick intentionally walked . Peacock doubled to right , Davis and Marisnick scored . Springer flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Drury grounded out to third . Herrmann struck out looking . Banda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Bregman grounded out to third . Altuve walked . Gurriel tripled to deep center , Altuve scored . Reddick grounded out to second . Davis walked . Stassi popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Marte reached on infield single to first . Pollock doubled to left , Marte to third . Lamb doubled to deep right center , Marte and Pollock scored . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Iannetta singled to center , Lamb to third , Goldschmidt to second . Drury walked , Lamb scored , Goldschmidt to third , Iannetta to second . Herrmann struck out swinging . Blanco hit for Banda . Blanco struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Marisnick struck out looking . Peacock struck out looking . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Marte singled to left . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Marte out at second . Lamb struck out looking . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Pollock scored , Goldschmidt to third on throwing error by shortstop Bregman . Martes pitching for Astros . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Bregman popped out to third . Altuve grounded out to pitcher . Gurriel singled to right . Reddick singled to center , Gurriel to second . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gurriel out at third , Reddick to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Martes pitching for Astros . Iannetta struck out swinging . Drury struck out looking . Herrmann struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Descalso in left field . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Stassi walked . Marisnick struck out swinging . Beltrán hit for Martes . Beltrán grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Stassi out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Devenski pitching for Astros . Descalso singled to right center . Marte struck out swinging . Pollock walked , Descalso to second . Lamb grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Bregman struck out swinging . Altuve doubled to deep left center . Gurriel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Martinez struck out swinging . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick popped out to third . Davis grounded out to third . Stassi homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Marisnick flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Liriano pitching for Astros . Drury walked . Rosales hit for Hoover . Rosales lined out to shortstop . Descalso walked , Drury to second . Marte struck out swinging . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Astros strike early , cruise past Diamondbacks