Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Astros . Blanco struck out swinging . Pollock struck out swinging . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer singled to center . Altuve grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Springer out at second . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to left . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Gurriel grounded out to third . González grounded out to shortstop . Beltrán homered to right ( 438 feet ) . Bregman singled to left . Bregman stole second . Centeno walked . Fisher struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Astros . Iannetta walked . Marte struck out looking . Iannetta to second on wild pitch by Morton . Drury doubled to left , Iannetta scored . Blanco grounded out to second , Drury to third . Pollock walked . Pollock stole second . Lamb flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve singled to left , Springer to second . Reddick flied out to left . Gurriel singled to left , Springer to third , Altuve to second . González walked , Springer scored , Altuve to third , Gurriel to second . Beltrán hit sacrifice fly to left , Altuve scored . Bregman reached on infield single to third , Gurriel to third , González to second . Centeno grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Martinez singled to left center . Descalso grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Fisher safe at first on error by second baseman Drury . Fisher stole second . Springer flied out to left . Fisher to third on wild pitch by Walker . Altuve lined out to center . Reddick singled to right , Fisher scored . Gurriel doubled to left , Reddick scored . González batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Astros . Iannetta walked . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Iannetta out at second . Drury struck out swinging . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Beltrán grounded out to first . Bregman struck out looking . Centeno lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Morton pitching for Astros . Pollock grounded out to pitcher . Lamb lined out to left . Goldschmidt lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Fisher struck out swinging . Springer lined out to center . Altuve singled to center . Reddick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Morton pitching for Astros . Martinez struck out swinging . Descalso singled to right center . Iannetta walked , Descalso to second . Clippard pitching for Astros . Marte struck out swinging . Drury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Gurriel grounded out to shortstop . González singled to left . Beltrán reached on infield single to third , González to second . Bregman grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Beltrán out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Blanco struck out looking . Pollock lined out to right . Lamb singled to center . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Lamb scored . Martinez homered to right ( 410 feet ) . Descalso flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Centeno singled to center . Fisher reached on bunt single to pitcher , Centeno to second . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Springer singled to right , Centeno to third , Fisher to second . Centeno scored , Fisher to third , Springer to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Altuve hit sacrifice fly to right , Fisher scored , Springer to third . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick homered to right ( 350 feet ) , Springer scored . Gurriel lined out to center . González struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Hoyt pitching for Astros . Iannetta homered to right center ( 421 feet ) . Marte singled to center . Giles pitching for Astros . Drury grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marte out at second . Blanco singled to center . Pollock struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Astros 9 .	Reddick , Morton lead Houston past Arizona 9 - 5