Giants - Top 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Tomlinson doubled to deep left . Pence walked . Posey grounded into double play to shortstop , Pence out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stratton pitching for Giants . Peralta lined out to right . Fuentes lined out to first . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley struck out swinging . Sandoval grounded out to third . Parker grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Descalso walked . Rosales struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded out to shortstop . Stratton struck out looking . Hernández grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Herrmann walked . Corbin sacrificed to pitcher , Herrmann to second . Peralta grounded out to second , Herrmann to third . Fuentes struck out swinging , Fuentes safe at first on wild pitch by Stratton , Herrmann scored . Lamb struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson singled to right center . Pence grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tomlinson out at second . Posey singled to left . Hundley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt singled to right . Martinez struck out swinging . Descalso struck out swinging . Rosales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval flied out to right . Parker struck out swinging . Panik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Herrmann walked . Corbin reached on bunt single to third , Herrmann to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Fuentes flied out to left . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Blanco in left field . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández struck out swinging . Blanco in left field . Hernández struck out swinging . Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt caught stealing second , catcher to second . Martinez homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Descalso singled to center . Rosales struck out swinging . Herrmann lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Pence grounded out to pitcher . Posey struck out swinging . Hundley singled to left . Sandoval lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Osich pitching for Giants . Corbin grounded out to first . Blanco reached on infield single to second . Pollock hit for Fuentes . Pollock walked , Blanco to second . Lamb flied out to right , Blanco to third . Crick pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Pollock in center field . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parker singled to right center . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik walked , Parker to second . Crawford hit for Crick . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Panik out at second , Parker to third . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Cain pitching for Giants . Martinez walked . Descalso singled to right , Martinez to second . Rosales reached on bunt single to third , Martinez to third , Descalso to second . Herrmann singled to right , Martinez and Descalso scored , Rosales to third . Drury hit for Hernandez . Herrmann stole second , Rosales scored , Herrmann safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hundley . Drury hit sacrifice fly to center , Herrmann scored . Blanco walked . Pollock flied out to right . Lamb hit by pitch , Blanco to second . Goldschmidt homered to left center ( 407 feet ) , Blanco and Lamb scored . Martinez homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Descalso homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Rosales flied out to right . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Descalso at first base . Drury at second base . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson fouled out to first . Pence grounded out to second . Moncrief hit for Posey . Moncrief struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 0 - Diamondbacks 11 .	Corbin solid , Martinez has 2 HRs and Diamondbacks beat Giants 11 - 0