Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Peralta walked . Peralta to second on wild pitch by Freeland . Iannetta walked . Pollock singled to left , Peralta scored , Iannetta to second . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Martinez grounded into double play , third to first , Iannetta out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu doubled to right . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds walked . Desmond walked , LeMahieu to third , Reynolds to second . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Drury singled to left . Lamb struck out swinging . Rosales doubled to deep right center , Drury to third . Walker reached on infield single to first , Drury scored . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Walker out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . Freeland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Iannetta flied out to right . Pollock tripled to deep left center . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to right , Pollock scored . Drury struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu struck out looking . Arenado reached first base on catcher 's interference , Blackmon to second . Arenado batting . Reynolds struck out looking . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Freeland pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Rosales grounded out to shortstop . Walker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . González doubled to deep left . Lucroy grounded out to third . Story flied out to center , González to third . Tauchman hit for Freeland . Tauchman walked . Blackmon lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Estévez pitching for Rockies . Peralta lined out to center . Iannetta singled to left . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu lined out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Martinez doubled to deep left . Drury grounded out to second , Martinez to third . Lamb intentionally walked . Fuentes hit for Rosales . Fuentes singled to right , Martinez scored , Lamb to second . Marte hit for Walker . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Fuentes out at second , Lamb to third . Rosscup pitching for Rockies . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Marte at shortstop . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond reached on infield single to second . González doubled to deep right , Desmond scored . Lucroy grounded out to second , González to third . Story hit sacrifice fly to center , González scored . McMahon hit for Rosscup . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . McMahon walked . Blackmon hit by pitch , McMahon to second . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Iannetta flied out to left . Pollock walked . Pollock stole second , Pollock safe at third on throwing error by catcher Lucroy . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Martinez walked . Drury struck out swinging . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Lamb singled to right , Goldschmidt scored , Martinez to third . Descalso hit for Hoover . Lamb stole second . Descalso homered to right ( 384 feet ) , Martinez and Lamb scored . Marte grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado reached on infield single to second . Reynolds walked , Arenado to second . Desmond walked , Arenado to third , Reynolds to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . González grounded out to second , Arenado scored , Reynolds to third , Desmond to second . Lucroy struck out looking . Story doubled to deep right , Reynolds and Desmond scored . Valaika hit for Dunn . Valaika lined out to right . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Peralta struck out swinging . Iannetta grounded out to second . Pollock lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . Arenado walked . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Martinez struck out swinging . Drury lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Negrón at second base . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond struck out swinging . González walked . Lucroy flied out to left . Story flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 9 - Rockies 5 .	Diamondbacks start key series with 9 - 5 win over Rockies