Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to deep right . Marte reached on infield single to third , Peralta to second . Lamb lined out to right . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at third , Marte to second . Martinez homered to center ( 449 feet ) , Marte and Goldschmidt scored . Pollock struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon walked . LeMahieu sacrificed to pitcher , Blackmon to second . Arenado struck out swinging . Reynolds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Descalso struck out swinging . Herrmann grounded out to shortstop . Corbin walked . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Parra flied out to left . Story flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Rockies . Marte singled to center . Lamb popped out to third . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gray struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Pollock doubled to center . Descalso grounded out to first , Pollock to third . Herrmann walked . Herrmann stole second . Corbin struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu tripled to deep right . Arenado walked . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu scored , Arenado out at second . Desmond fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Rockies . Marte grounded out to second . Lamb walked . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra singled to center . Story struck out swinging . Lucroy flied out to right . Murphy hit for Gray . Parra to second on wild pitch by Corbin . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Descalso reached on infield single to shortstop . Herrmann walked , Descalso to second . Corbin sacrificed to catcher , Descalso to third , Herrmann to second , Corbin safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado . Descalso to third on error by third baseman Arenado . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at home , Herrmann to third , Corbin to second . Herrmann scored , Corbin to third , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Rusin . Marte grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon fouled out to first . LeMahieu walked . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado safe at second on error by right fielder Martinez , LeMahieu to third . Reynolds grounded out to second , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to third . Desmond struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Lamb struck out swinging . Neshek pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra grounded out to first . Story popped out to third . Lucroy singled to center . Tauchman hit for Neshek . Tauchman singled to left , Lucroy to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Descalso fouled out to first . Drury hit for Herrmann . Drury singled to right . Iannetta hit for Chafin . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Drury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Iannetta catching . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Arenado lined out to shortstop . Reynolds walked . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Dunn pitching for Rockies . Peralta flied out to left . Marte walked . Lamb walked , Marte to second . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center , Marte scored , Lamb to third . Lamb scored , Martinez to third on wild pitch by Chatwood . Pollock grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra grounded out to first . Story popped out to shortstop . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Rockies 2 .	D - backs lean on Corbin , Martinez in 6 - 2 win over Rockies