Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Stratton pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to first . Iannetta fouled out to first . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Span lined out to third . Panik grounded out to second . Slater struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Martinez singled to left center . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . Marte walked , Descalso to second . Fuentes lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out swinging . Parker singled to left . Sandoval singled to center , Parker to second . Hundley walked , Parker to third , Sandoval to second . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hundley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Stratton pitching for Giants . Walker struck out swinging . Peralta safe at first on error by pitcher Stratton . Iannetta singled to center , Peralta to second . Lamb lined out to right . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Stratton grounded out to second . Span grounded out to second . Panik grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Martinez flied out to left . Descalso struck out swinging . Marte lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater reached on infield single to second . Crawford walked , Slater to second . Parker reached on infield single to shortstop , Slater to third , Crawford to second . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left , Slater scored . Hundley struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Fuentes lined out to right . Walker struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Stratton singled to right . Span singled to right center , Stratton to second . Panik singled to right , Stratton to third , Span to second . Slater walked , Stratton scored , Span to third , Panik to second . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left , Span scored , Panik to third . Parker grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Panik scored , Slater out at second . Parker picked off first . Sandoval batting . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Stratton pitching for Giants . Iannetta singled to left center . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . Goldschmidt singled to center . Martinez homered to center ( 405 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Descalso lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval homered to left center ( 367 feet ) . Hundley flied out to center . Jones singled to right . Williamson hit for Stratton . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Williamson walked , Jones to second . Drury at second base . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Span grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Williamson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Gearrin pitching for Giants . Marte walked . Marte stole second . Fuentes grounded out to second , Marte to third . Drury grounded out to pitcher . Okert pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik singled to center . Slater walked , Panik to second . Crawford walked , Panik to third , Slater to second . Tomlinson hit for Parker . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Tomlinson hit sacrifice fly to right , Panik scored , Slater to third . Sandoval hit into fielder 's choice to left , Slater scored , Crawford out at second . Hundley flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hernández in right field . Strickland pitching for Giants . Iannetta singled to center . Lamb flied out to left . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Banda pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones struck out swinging . Federowicz hit for Strickland . Federowicz struck out looking . Span grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Law pitching for Giants . Martinez lined out to right . Vargas hit for Banda . Vargas struck out swinging . Marte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Giants 7 .	Sandoval has HR , 3 RBIs to lift Giants over D - backs 7 - 2