Marlins - Top 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon struck out swinging . Stanton grounded out to third . Yelich singled to left . Yelich picked off first . Ozuna batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Peters pitching for Marlins . Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop . Pollock grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Peralta out at second . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez walked , Goldschmidt to second . Iannetta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna doubled to right . Bour struck out swinging . Realmuto struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Peters pitching for Marlins . Drury homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Lamb grounded out to shortstop . Rosales grounded out to third . Walker lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas doubled to right . Peters sacrificed to catcher , Rojas to third , Peters safe at first on error by pitcher Walker . Rojas to third on error by pitcher Walker . Gordon safe at first on error by pitcher Walker , Rojas scored , Peters to second . Stanton doubled to left , Peters and Gordon scored . Stanton to third on wild pitch by Walker . Yelich struck out swinging . Ozuna walked . Bour singled to center , Stanton scored , Ozuna to third . Realmuto hit by pitch , Bour to second . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to center , Ozuna scored . Rojas popped out to second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Peters pitching for Marlins . Peralta walked . Pollock singled to center , Peralta to second . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Peralta and Pollock scored . Martinez flied out to center . Iannetta grounded out to second . Drury grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Peters struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to second . Stanton homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Yelich walked . Ozuna walked , Yelich to second . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour singled to shallow right center , Yelich tagged out at home , Ozuna to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Peters pitching for Marlins . Lamb singled to left . Lamb to second on wild pitch by Peters . Rosales struck out looking . Walker hit for Bracho . Walker grounded out to shortstop , Lamb to third . Peralta singled to left , Lamb scored . Pollock fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Anderson struck out swinging . Rojas lined out to third . Moore hit for Peters . Moore singled to left . Gordon flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Martinez homered to right ( 381 feet ) . Iannetta flied out to left . Drury grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton singled to left . Yelich flied out to left . Ozuna flied out to left . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Bour struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Lamb walked . Descalso hit for Rosales . Descalso flied out to left . Marte hit for De La Rosa . Marte struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Marte at shortstop . Hoover pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto walked . Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Hoover . Anderson walked . Rojas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Realmuto scored on error by second baseman Drury , Anderson safe at second on error by second baseman Drury . Suzuki hit for Ellington . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas out at second , Anderson to third . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left , Anderson scored . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Steckenrider pitching for Marlins . Pollock grounded out to third . Goldschmidt safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Anderson . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich doubled to right . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Bour homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Yelich scored . Realmuto flied out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Marlins . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Drury grounded out to pitcher . García pitching for Marlins . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Barrett pitching for Diamondbacks . Rojas walked . Telis hit for García . Telis singled to right , Rojas to third , Telis to second on error by right fielder Martinez . Gordon grounded out to first . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rojas scored , Telis out at third . Yelich walked , Stanton to second . Ozuna walked , Stanton to third , Yelich to second . Bour lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Blanco hit for Barrett . Blanco grounded out to second . Marte flied out to left . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 12 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Stanton hits No . 57 , Marlins delay D - backs clinch