Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Peralta walked . Pollock lined out to center . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor singled to center . Seager walked , Taylor to second . Turner homered to left center , Taylor and Seager scored . Bellinger singled to center . Puig doubled to deep right center , Bellinger scored . Granderson struck out swinging . Grandal struck out swinging . Forsythe intentionally walked . Kershaw struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Drury struck out looking . Rosales safe at first on error by third baseman Turner . Marte struck out swinging . Mathis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor struck out looking . Seager grounded out to second . Turner walked . Turner to second on wild pitch by Godley . Turner safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis . Bellinger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Godley struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Pollock homered to left center . Goldschmidt flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig flied out to center . Granderson struck out swinging . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Martinez singled to center . Drury grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . Rosales walked . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe singled to center . Kershaw sacrificed to pitcher , Forsythe to second . Taylor walked . Seager singled to left center , Forsythe scored , Taylor to third . Turner singled to center , Taylor scored , Seager to second . Bellinger safe at first on error by pitcher Godley , Seager to third , Turner to second . Puig grounded out to shortstop , Seager scored , Turner to third , Bellinger to second . Granderson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Mathis flied out to center . Godley grounded out to second . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal popped out to shortstop . Forsythe flied out to center . Kershaw singled to shallow center . Taylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Pollock walked . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pollock out at second . Martinez homered to left . Drury struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager grounded out to second . Turner lined out to center . Bellinger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Rosales lined out to center . Marte homered to left . Mathis homered to left . Walker hit for Godley . Watson pitching for Dodgers . Walker singled to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop , Walker to second . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Pollock flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig tripled to left . Granderson flied out to left . Grandal flied out to center . Forsythe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Hernández in left field . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt popped out to first . Martinez reached on infield single to second . Drury grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Utley hit for Morrow . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes hit for Utley . Barnes singled to right . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor grounded out to first , Barnes to second . Seager tripled to right , Barnes scored . Turner singled to right , Seager scored . Bellinger struck out swinging . Puig flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Blanco hit for Rosales . Blanco flied out to center . Marte reached on infield single to second . Descalso hit for Mathis . Marte to second on fielder 's indifference . Descalso walked . Lamb hit for Sherfy . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Descalso out at second , Marte to third , Marte scored on throwing error by shortstop Seager . Peralta lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Dodgers 9 .	Turner 's record 5 RBIs drive Dodgers to 9 - 5 win over D - backs