Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Peralta fouled out to third . Pollock walked . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 430 feet ) , Pollock scored . Martinez lined out to center . Descalso walked . Iannetta struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor grounded out to shortstop . Seager walked . Turner fouled out to catcher . Bellinger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Lamb reached on infield single to first . Marte flied out to right . Ray sacrificed to third , Lamb to second . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández walked . Forsythe flied out to right . Barnes walked , Hernández to second . Hernández to third , Barnes to second on wild pitch by Ray . Puig grounded out to third , Hernández scored . Hill struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Pollock grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt walked . Martinez singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Descalso struck out looking . Iannetta grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor walked . Seager struck out looking . Turner grounded out to third , Taylor to second . Taylor to third on wild pitch by Ray . Bellinger struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Lamb popped out to second . Marte struck out swinging . Ray struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernández grounded out to second . Forsythe singled to left . Barnes singled to right , Forsythe to second . Puig singled to right center , Forsythe to third , Barnes to second . Farmer hit for Hill . Forsythe scored , Barnes to third , Puig to second on wild pitch by Ray . Farmer struck out swinging . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop , Barnes scored , Puig to third . Seager struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cingrani pitching for Dodgers . Peralta grounded out to second . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Ray pitching for Diamondbacks . Turner hit by pitch . Bellinger grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Turner out at second . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Granderson hit for Hernández . Granderson singled to right , Bellinger to third , Granderson to second advancing on throw . Forsythe singled to left , Bellinger scored , Granderson to third . Forsythe stole second . Barnes doubled to left , Granderson and Forsythe scored . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes stole third . Puig singled to left center , Barnes scored . Puig caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Maeda popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Granderson in left field . Maeda pitching for Dodgers . Martinez struck out swinging . Watson pitching for Dodgers . Descalso grounded out to first . Iannetta lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Taylor flied out to right . Seager singled to right . Turner singled to left , Seager to second . Bellinger struck out swinging , Seager stole third , Turner stole second . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Watson pitching for Dodgers . Lamb singled to center . Marte singled to left , Lamb to second . Drury hit for De La Rosa . Ethier in left field . Morrow pitching for Dodgers . Drury homered to left ( 422 feet ) , Lamb and Marte scored . Peralta flied out to left . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Forsythe singled to center . Barnes struck out looking . Puig reached on infield single to third , Forsythe to second . Ethier walked , Forsythe to third , Puig to second . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Forsythe scored on error by shortstop Marte , Puig to third , Ethier to second . Seager struck out swinging . Turner popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Fields pitching for Dodgers . Martinez struck out swinging . Descalso doubled to deep right center . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Iannetta struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bellinger struck out looking . Jansen struck out looking . Forsythe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Marte popped out to shortstop . Blanco hit for Bradley . Blanco struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Dodgers 8 .	Puig powers Dodgers to 8 - 5 win over D - backs , 2 - 0 series lead