Phillies - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Herrera tripled to deep right center . Hernández struck out swinging . Utley grounded out to second , Herrera scored . Francoeur flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Phillies . Granderson flied out to left . d'Arnaud singled to right . Duda flied out to center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Ruf lined out to left . Asche doubled to deep left center . Rupp singled to shallow left , Asche to third . Revere struck out swinging . Williams lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Phillies . Murphy flied out to right . Campbell singled to left . Campbell to second on wild pitch by Williams . Lagares singled to center , Campbell scored . Tejada singled to right , Lagares to second . Niese bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Lagares out at third , Tejada to second . Granderson lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Niese pitching for Mets . Herrera struck out looking . Hernández bunt grounded out to pitcher . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Phillies . d'Arnaud homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Duda grounded out to second . Cuddyer grounded out to second . Murphy lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Ruf lined out to first . Asche singled to left . Rupp singled to right , Asche to second . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rupp out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Campbell lined out to left . Lagares singled to shallow right . Tejada grounded out to third , Lagares to second . Niese singled to shallow left , Lagares scored . Granderson singled to left , Niese to second . d'Arnaud grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Niese out at third , Granderson to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Williams grounded out to third . Herrera doubled to left . Hernández walked . Utley bunt grounded out to third , Herrera to third , Hernández to second . Francoeur walked . Ruf fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Duda homered to right center ( 436 feet ) . Cuddyer doubled to left . Murphy grounded out to second , Cuddyer to third . Campbell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer scored , Campbell to second on throwing error by third baseman Asche . Lagares flied out to right . Tejada intentionally walked . Niese grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Mets . Asche singled to center . Rupp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Asche safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Revere grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rupp out at second , Asche to third . Blanco hit for Williams . Blanco grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Revere out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Granderson struck out looking . d'Arnaud walked . Duda doubled to deep left center , d'Arnaud scored . Cuddyer flied out to center . Murphy intentionally walked . Campbell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Niese pitching for Mets . Herrera doubled to right . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Utley struck out swinging . Torres pitching for Mets . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernández out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Sizemore in right field . Lagares grounded out to third . Tejada walked . Nieuwenhuis hit for Torres . Nieuwenhuis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . Granderson singled to left , Nieuwenhuis to second . d'Arnaud popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Torres pitching for Mets . Ruf walked . Asche walked , Ruf to second . Rupp fouled out to first . Revere grounded out to first , Ruf to third , Asche to second . Sizemore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . McGowan pitching for Phillies . Duda flied out to left . Cuddyer walked . Murphy grounded out to catcher , Cuddyer to second . Campbell fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Mets . Herrera grounded out to first . Hernández struck out looking . Utley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Mets 6 .	Mets gets HRs from d'Arnaud and Duda to sweep Phillies , 6 - 1