Mets - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Padres . Granderson walked . Tejada fouled out to second . Duda flied out to right . Murphy singled to right , Granderson to second . Flores grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson out at third , Murphy to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Gee pitching for Mets . Venable lined out to left . Norris safe at first on error by third baseman Tejada . Upton walked , Norris to second . Kemp singled to center , Norris to third , Upton to second . Alonso hit by pitch , Norris scored , Upton to third , Kemp to second . Middlebrooks hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored , Kemp to third , Alonso to second . Spangenberg grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Padres . Ceciliani hit ground rule double to deep right . Lagares lined out to right , Ceciliani out at third . Recker struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Gee pitching for Mets . Amarista flied out to center . Shields popped out to third . Venable struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Padres . Gee struck out looking . Granderson flied out to left . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Gee pitching for Mets . Norris safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tejada . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Norris out at second . Kemp flied out to right . Alonso singled to right , Upton to third . Middlebrooks flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Padres . Duda struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to first . Flores lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Gee pitching for Mets . Spangenberg singled to center . Amarista singled to center , Spangenberg to second . Shields sacrificed to pitcher , Spangenberg to third , Amarista to second . Venable singled to right , Spangenberg and Amarista scored . Norris grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Venable out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Padres . Ceciliani grounded out to first . Lagares struck out swinging . Recker grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Gee pitching for Mets . Upton singled to center . Upton stole second . Kemp singled to left , Upton to third . Alonso grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Upton scored , Kemp safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Gee , Alonso safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Gee . Middlebrooks singled to right , Kemp and Alonso scored . Leathersich pitching for Mets . Spangenberg flied out to left . Amarista grounded out to pitcher , Middlebrooks to second . Shields struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Mayberry Jr. hit for Leathersich . Shields pitching for Padres . Mayberry Jr. walked . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mayberry Jr. out at second . Tejada doubled to deep left , Granderson scored . Duda singled to left , Tejada to third . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duda out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Venable singled to center . Norris struck out looking . Upton singled to center , Venable to third . Kemp struck out swinging . Alonso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Padres . Flores singled to left . Ceciliani hit by pitch , Flores to second . Lagares fouled out to right , Flores to third . Recker singled to center , Flores scored , Ceciliani to second . Campbell hit for Goeddel . Campbell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Recker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . Middlebrooks flied out to center . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Amarista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Maurer pitching for Padres . Granderson struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right . Duda hit by pitch , Tejada to second . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duda out at second , Tejada to third . Flores grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Gyorko hit for Maurer . Gilmartin pitching for Mets . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Venable grounded out to first . Norris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Padres . Ceciliani grounded out to second . Lagares struck out swinging . Recker safe at first on error by third baseman Middlebrooks . Plawecki hit for Gilmartin . Recker to second on fielder 's indifference . Plawecki doubled to deep right center , Recker scored . Granderson walked . Tejada singled to left center , Plawecki to third , Granderson to second . Duda grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 3 - Padres 7 .	Shields moves to 7 - 0 as Padres slide past Mets