Mets - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Granderson struck out swinging . Murphy fouled out to catcher . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third . Duda reached on infield single to third , Cuddyer to second . Flores grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Mets . Wong walked . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . Holliday doubled to deep center , Carpenter to third . Peralta singled to left , Carpenter scored , Holliday to third . Heyward singled to left , Holliday scored , Peralta to second . Molina hit ground rule double to left , Peralta scored , Heyward to third . Reynolds walked . Grichuk hit by pitch , Heyward scored , Molina to third , Reynolds to second . Lackey struck out swinging . Wong struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Nieuwenhuis struck out looking . Tejada grounded out to third . Monell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Mets . Carpenter lined out to first . Holliday flied out to right . Peralta lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Colón singled to right . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Colón out at second . Murphy singled to center , Granderson to second . Cuddyer flied out to right , Granderson to third . Duda grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Mets . Heyward singled to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Heyward to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Grichuk intentionally walked . Lackey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Nieuwenhuis flied out to right . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Mets . Wong flied out to center . Carpenter struck out looking . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Monell walked . Colón bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Monell out at second . Granderson singled to right . Murphy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Colon pitching for Mets . Peralta hit ground rule double to deep center . Heyward doubled to deep center , Peralta scored . Molina flied out to center . Heyward stole third . Reynolds singled to left , Heyward scored . Torres pitching for Mets . Grichuk homered to right center ( 393 feet ) , Reynolds scored . Lackey singled to right . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lackey out at second . Carpenter lined out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Bourjos in center field . Grichuk in left field . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Cuddyer homered to left ( 379 feet ) . Duda lined out to first . Flores struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis singled to center . Tejada singled to right center , Nieuwenhuis to third . Monell popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Torres pitching for Mets . Bourjos flied out to center . Kozma hit for Peralta . Kozma reached on infield single to shortstop . Heyward singled to center , Kozma to second . Kozma to third , Heyward to second on wild pitch by Torres . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Reynolds fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Kozma at shortstop . Muno hit for Torres . Lackey pitching for Cardinals . Muno reached on infield single to first . Granderson flied out to right . Murphy flied out to center . Cuddyer singled to left , Muno to second . Duda flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Mejía pitching for Mets . Muno at third base . Grichuk singled to right center . Cruz hit for Lackey . Cruz flied out to center . Wong grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grichuk out at second . Carpenter lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Socolovich pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Flores grounded out to pitcher . Nieuwenhuis singled to right . Tejada doubled to deep left , Nieuwenhuis scored . Monell fouled out to third . Muno walked . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Granderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Mets . Bourjos popped out to shortstop . Kozma walked . Heyward singled to left center , Kozma to second . Johnson ran for Heyward . Pham hit for Choate . Pham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kozma scored on error by shortstop Tejada , Johnson safe at second on error by shortstop Tejada . Reynolds grounded out to third , Johnson to third , Pham to second . Grichuk homered to left center ( 412 feet ) , Johnson and Pham scored . Cruz struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Johnson at first base . Pham in left field . Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals . Grichuk in right field . Campbell hit for Torres . Campbell walked . Cuddyer lined out to shortstop . Duda grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Campbell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 2 - Cardinals 12 .	Heyward gets 5 hits , Cardinals beat Mets 12 - 2