Mets - Top 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Granderson struck out looking . Céspedes grounded out to shortstop . Murphy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Harvey pitching for Mets . Werth struck out swinging . Rendon singled to center . Harper fouled out to third . Escobar singled to right , Rendon to second . Robinson singled to right , Rendon scored , Escobar to third . Desmond singled to right , Escobar scored , Robinson to second . Ramos struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Wright homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Duda popped out to shortstop . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Conforto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Taylor walked . Zimmermann sacrificed to pitcher , Taylor to second . Werth struck out swinging . Rendon singled to left , Taylor scored , Rendon out stretching at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Flores popped out to second . Harvey grounded out to second . Granderson walked . Céspedes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Harper grounded out to second . Escobar grounded out to second . Robinson singled to center . Desmond flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Murphy flied out to right . Wright struck out swinging . Duda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Ramos grounded out to second . Taylor grounded out to catcher . Zimmermann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . d'Arnaud singled to center . Conforto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , d'Arnaud out at second . Flores lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Werth struck out swinging . Rendon grounded out to second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Zimmermann pitching for Nationals . Harvey grounded out to third . Granderson tripled to deep center . Céspedes struck out swinging . Thornton pitching for Nationals . Murphy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Escobar singled to center . Robinson walked , Escobar to second . Desmond sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Escobar to third , Robinson to second . Ramos struck out looking . Taylor singled to center , Escobar scored , Robinson to third , Desmond to second , Robinson and Taylor and Desmond scored on error by center fielder Céspedes . Turner hit for Thornton . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Turner struck out looking . Werth doubled to deep right center . Rendon struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Wright singled to right . Duda flied out to left . d'Arnaud popped out to shortstop . Conforto walked , Wright to second . Flores singled to center , Wright scored , Conforto to third . Johnson hit for Goeddel . Rivero pitching for Nationals . Uribe hit for Johnson . Uribe walked , Flores to second . Granderson walked , Conforto scored , Flores to third , Uribe to second . Storen pitching for Nationals . Céspedes doubled to deep left , Flores , Uribe and Granderson scored . Murphy walked . Céspedes to third , Murphy to second on wild pitch by Storen . Wright walked . Duda walked , Céspedes scored , Murphy to third , Wright to second . d'Arnaud lined out to right . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Reed pitching for Mets . Harper struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center . Robinson grounded out to shortstop , Escobar to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Espinosa at shortstop . Conforto flied out to center . Flores grounded out to third . Nieuwenhuis hit for Reed . Nieuwenhuis homered to right center ( 424 feet ) . Granderson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Mets . Nieuwenhuis in left field . Ramos flied out to center . Taylor struck out swinging . Espinosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Nationals . Céspedes fouled out to catcher . Murphy grounded out to pitcher . Wright struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Familia pitching for Mets . Tejada at shortstop . Werth singled to right center . Rendon bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Werth out at second . Harper walked , Rendon to second . Escobar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 8 - Nationals 7 .	Mets rally past Nats after Harvey struggles