Athletics - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Davis grounded out to first . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Meyer pitching for Athletics . DeJesus singled to left . German struck out swinging . Aviles singled to left , DeJesus to second . Guillen singled to left , DeJesus scored , Aviles to third . Butler doubled to deep center , Aviles scored , Guillen to third . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to line left , Guillen scored , Butler to third , Callaspo to second on error by left fielder Cust . Buck hit sacrifice fly to center , Butler scored , Callaspo to third . Pena grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Cust struck out swinging . Barton flied out to center . Hannahan walked . Patterson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Gathright walked . DeJesus lined out to shortstop . Gathright picked off first . German grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Bowen struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to third . Davis singled to left center . Davis stole second . Sweeney doubled to deep left center , Davis scored . Suzuki walked . Cust grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to left . Butler doubled to deep right . Callaspo singled to right center , Butler scored . Buck walked , Callaspo to second . Pena flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Barton flied out to left . Hannahan walked . Patterson flied out to center . Bowen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Meyer pitching for Athletics . Gathright grounded out to third . DeJesus doubled to deep center . German tripled to deep left center , DeJesus scored . Aviles tripled to deep right , German scored . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Guillen singled to left center , Aviles scored . Butler flied out to right . Callaspo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Pennington popped out to shortstop . Davis flied out to center . Sweeney doubled to center . Suzuki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Buck singled to left . Pena grounded into double play , third to second to first , Buck out at second . Gathright reached on infield single to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 6th . Bale pitching for Royals . Cust walked . Barton grounded out to pitcher , Cust to second . Hannahan struck out looking . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Embree pitching for Athletics . German singled to center . Aviles singled to right , German to third . Smith ran for Aviles . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , German scored , Smith safe at second on error by second baseman Patterson . Ka'aihue ran for Guillen . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ka'aihue out at second , Smith to third . Callaspo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Smith at third base . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Bowen struck out looking . Pennington doubled to deep right . Davis walked . Sweeney doubled to deep left center , Pennington and Davis scored . Suzuki singled to left , Sweeney to third . Mahay pitching for Royals . Cust walked , Suzuki to second . Barton hit sacrifice fly to left , Sweeney scored . Hannahan struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Buck popped out to third . Pena flied out to right . Gathright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Gload at first base . Nunez pitching for Royals . Patterson singled to right . Bowen fouled out to third . Pennington struck out looking . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . German grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , DeJesus out at second . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Wells pitching for Royals . Sweeney walked . Suzuki walked , Sweeney to second . Cust doubled to deep right , Sweeney scored , Suzuki to third . Ramirez pitching for Royals . Barton grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Cust to third . Hannahan struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Royals 9 .	Guillen 's three RBIs help Royals sweep A 's