Reds - Top 1st . Benson pitching for Pirates . Jimenez struck out looking . Larkin singled to center . Griffey Jr grounded out to first , Larkin to second . Casey flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Haynes pitching for Reds . Redman grounded out to third . Wilson singled to right . Kendall singled to right , Wilson to third . Mondesi singled to left , Wilson scored , Kendall to second . Mackowiak grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mondesi out at second , Kendall to third . Wilson singled to right , Kendall scored , Mackowiak to second . Simon reached on infield single to third , Mackowiak to third , Wilson to second . Castillo reached on infield single to pitcher , Mackowiak scored , Wilson to third , Simon to second . Wilson at first base . Davis in right field . Benson singled to left , Wilson scored , Simon tagged out at home , Castillo to second . 4 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Dunn hit by pitch . Kearns struck out looking . LaRue singled to center , Dunn to second . Pena hit for Haynes . Castro singled to right , Dunn to third , LaRue to second , Dunn scored , LaRue to third on error by right fielder Davis . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Pena grounded into double play , third to second to first , Castro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Redman flied out to left . Wilson struck out swinging . Kendall doubled to deep right center . Mondesi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Benson pitching for Pirates . Jimenez homered to right center . Larkin singled to center . Griffey Jr doubled to deep left , Larkin scored . Casey doubled to deep right , Griffey Jr scored . Dunn walked . Wilson at first base . Davis in right field . Pena hit for Haynes . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Kearns flied out to center , Casey to third , Dunn to second . LaRue grounded out to third . Castro intentionally walked . Van Poppel reached on infield single to shortstop , Casey scored , Dunn to third , Castro to second . Jimenez walked , Dunn scored , Castro to third , Van Poppel to second . Larkin lined out to right . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Mackowiak singled to center . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mackowiak out at second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr singled to right . Casey doubled to deep right center , Griffey Jr tagged out at home . Dunn intentionally walked . Kearns lined out to second . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Castillo flied out to right . Benson singled to center . Redman singled to deep right center , Benson to second . Wilson popped out to shortstop . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Benson pitching for Pirates . Castro struck out swinging . Van Poppel grounded out to shortstop . Jimenez singled to center . Larkin doubled to deep left center , Jimenez scored . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Van Poppel pitching for Reds . Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop . Mackowiak walked , Mondesi to second . Wilson walked , Mondesi to third , Mackowiak to second . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Mondesi scored . Nunez hit for Benson . Wagner pitching for Reds . Castillo reached on infield single to second , Mackowiak to third , Wilson to second . Nunez hit sacrifice fly to right , Mackowiak scored , Wilson to third . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Redman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Casey singled to right . Dunn struck out swinging . Torres pitching for Pirates . Kearns popped out to second . LaRue grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Casey out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Wilson flied out to center . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Mondesi singled to right . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Romano hit for Wagner . Torres pitching for Pirates . Castro grounded out to second . Romano grounded out to third . Jimenez singled to center . Jimenez stole second . Reith pitching for Reds . Larkin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Reith pitching for Reds . Wilson singled to center . Davis struck out swinging . Hill hit for Torres . Castillo grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to second . Hill hit by pitch . Johnston pitching for Pirates . Redman lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Johnston pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Casey grounded out to shortstop . Jones pitching for Reds . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for Reds . Wilson popped out to second . Kendall flied out to right . Boyd pitching for Pirates . Mondesi fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Boyd pitching for Pirates . Kearns doubled to deep right center . LaRue sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kearns to third . Freel hit for Jones . Castro safe at first on error by left fielder Mondesi , Kearns scored , LaRue to second . Valentin ran for Freel . Freel hit by pitch , LaRue to third , Castro to second . Jimenez walked , LaRue scored , Castro to third , Valentin to second . Boehringer pitching for Pirates . Larkin grounded into double play , shortstop to catcher to first , Castro out at home , Valentin to third , Jimenez to second . Graves pitching for Reds . Graves pitching for Reds . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Graves pitching for Reds . Mackowiak homered to right . Wilson struck out swinging . Davis walked . Castillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Davis out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Pirates 7 .	Jimenez ends slump to boost Reds past Pirates