Reds - Top 1st . Estes pitching for Rockies . Freel singled to right , Freel to second on error by right fielder Burnitz . Jimenez flied out to right , Freel to third . Casey singled to right , Freel scored . Dunn homered to left , Casey scored . Pena homered to center . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Claussen pitching for Reds . Miles walked . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton homered to right , Miles scored . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to center . Holliday flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Lopez grounded out to second . Claussen struck out looking . Freel singled to center . Freel caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Jimenez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Burnitz doubled to deep left center , Burnitz to third on error by left fielder Dunn . Johnson grounded out to shortstop , Burnitz scored . Estes struck out swinging . Miles grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Estes pitching for Rockies . Jimenez grounded out to second . Casey grounded out to shortstop . Dunn walked . Pena popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Claussen pitching for Reds . Clayton grounded out to third . Helton walked . Castilla singled to center , Helton to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castilla out at second , Helton to third . Holliday fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Estes pitching for Rockies . LaRue grounded out to third . Castro flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Burnitz flied out to left . Johnson grounded out to third . Estes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Claussen grounded out to first . Freel reached on infield single to shortstop . Jimenez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Miles walked . Clayton reached on bunt single to first , Miles to second . Helton flied out to left , Miles to third . Clayton stole second , Miles scored , Clayton safe at third on throwing error by catcher LaRue . Castilla doubled to deep left center , Clayton scored . Wilson doubled to deep left , Castilla scored . Holliday grounded out to third . Burnitz flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Casey singled to left . Dunn grounded out to third , Casey to second . Pena grounded out to first , Casey to third . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Claussen pitching for Reds . Johnson grounded out to third . Estes safe at first on error by center fielder Pena . Miles grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Estes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 7th . Estes pitching for Rockies . Castro grounded out to second . Hummel hit for Claussen . Lopez homered to left . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Vander Wal hit for Hummel . Vander Wal grounded out to shortstop . Freel singled to center . Wagner pitching for Reds . Jimenez popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Clayton struck out swinging . Helton walked . Castilla singled to left center , Helton to third . Castilla to second on wild pitch by Wagner . Wilson grounded out to third , Helton scored , Castilla to third . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Harikkala pitching for Rockies . Casey singled to deep center . Dunn grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Casey out at second . Norton pitching for Reds . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Norton pitching for Reds . Burnitz grounded out to shortstop . Greene hit for Harikkala . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Greene homered to left . Chacon pitching for Rockies . Miles grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Chacon pitching for Rockies . LaRue singled to center . Castro singled to right , LaRue to second . Griffey Jr hit for Norton . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at second , LaRue to third . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Lopez to second on fielder 's indifference . Freel lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 5 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies begin post - Walker era by beating Reds