Reds - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Freel singled to left center . Castro flied out to center . Casey singled to left , Freel to third . Kearns safe at first on error by first baseman Ward , Freel scored , Casey to second . Jimenez singled to center , Casey to third , Kearns to second . LaRue singled to center , Casey and Kearns scored , Jimenez to second . Lopez walked , Jimenez to third , LaRue to second . Bragg singled to center , Jimenez scored , LaRue to third , Lopez to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Freel walked , LaRue scored , Lopez to third , Bragg to second . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Wilson pitching for Reds . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson singled to left . Bay reached on infield single to shortstop , Wilson to second . Mackowiak walked , Wilson to third , Bay to second . Wilson struck out swinging . Ward flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Casey grounded out to second . Kearns reached on infield single to third . Jimenez flied out to center . LaRue struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Wilson pitching for Reds . Wigginton popped out to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . Williams grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Lopez hit by pitch . Bragg struck out swinging , Lopez stole second . Wilson grounded out to third , Lopez to third . Freel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Wilson pitching for Reds . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Wilson reached on infield single to first . Bay flied out to left . Mackowiak fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Casey grounded out to pitcher . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Wilson popped out to pitcher . Ward popped out to second . Wigginton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Jimenez doubled to right . LaRue grounded out to pitcher . Lopez grounded out to shortstop , Jimenez to third . Bragg intentionally walked . Wilson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Nunez hit for Williams . Wilson pitching for Reds . Sanchez grounded out to third . Nunez struck out looking . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Freel flied out to left . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Casey singled to center . Casey to second on wild pitch by Figueroa . Kearns walked . Casey to third , Kearns to second on wild pitch by Figueroa . Jimenez intentionally walked . LaRue singled to left , Casey and Kearns scored , Jimenez to second . Lopez grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Bay grounded out to shortstop . Mackowiak grounded out to first . Cota catching . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Figueroa pitching for Pirates . Bragg flied out to left . Wilson flied out to right . Freel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Reds . Ward singled to right center . Wigginton walked , Ward to second . Hill hit for Figueroa . Sanchez singled to center , Ward to third , Wigginton to second . Hill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ward scored , Sanchez out at second , Wigginton to third . Corey pitching for Pirates . Cota grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Corey pitching for Pirates . Castro reached on infield single to third . Casey grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Castro out at second . Wagner pitching for Reds . Kearns struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Wilson reached on bunt single to third . Bay singled to center , Wilson to second . Mackowiak flied out to center , Wilson to third . Wilson singled to left center , Wilson scored , Bay to second . Valentine pitching for Reds . Bragg in right field . Dunn in left field . Ward singled to right center , Bay scored , Wilson to third . Wigginton grounded out to second , Wilson scored , Ward to second . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Sanchez popped out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Jimenez singled to left center . LaRue lined out to shortstop . Lopez flied out to center . Redman hit for Mesa . Bragg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jimenez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Valentine pitching for Reds . Redman popped out to shortstop . Cota struck out swinging . Wilson doubled to deep right center . Bay walked . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 7 - Pirates 4 .	Wilson at the 10 spot in Reds win