Red Sox - Top 1st . Drese pitching for Rangers . Damon flied out to right center . Walker walked . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Ramirez safe at second on error by right fielder Everett , Walker scored . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Mench flied out to left . Blalock doubled to right . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second , Blalock to third . Gonzalez homered to center , Blalock and Palmeiro scored . Everett popped out to shallow left . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Hillenbrand singled to right . Nixon doubled to right , Hillenbrand to third . Mueller struck out looking . Varitek singled to left , Hillenbrand scored , Nixon to third . Damon struck out swinging . Walker singled to left , Nixon scored , Varitek to second . Garciaparra struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Christenson singled to center . Young grounded out to second , Christenson to second . Diaz reached on infield single to third , Christenson to third . Mench struck out looking . Blalock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Drese pitching for Rangers . Ramirez doubled to deep center . Ortiz walked . Hillenbrand walked , Ramirez to third , Ortiz to second . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ramirez out at home , Ortiz to third , Hillenbrand to second . Mueller hit sacrifice fly to center , Ortiz scored , Hillenbrand to third . Varitek grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Gonzalez walked , Rodriguez to third , Palmeiro to second . Everett tripled to right , Rodriguez , Palmeiro and Gonzalez scored . Woodard pitching for Red Sox . Christenson hit sacrifice fly to right , Everett scored . Young tripled to left center . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Mench reached on infield single to shortstop . Blalock doubled to right , Mench scored . Rodriguez singled to left , Blalock scored . Rodriguez stole second . Palmeiro grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Damon singled to center . Walker grounded out to second , Damon to second . Garciaparra popped out to shallow right . Ramirez singled to right , Damon scored . Ortiz walked , Ramirez to second . Hillenbrand flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Woodard pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Everett grounded out to third . Christenson struck out swinging . Young walked . Diaz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Nixon struck out swinging . Mueller walked . Tolar pitching for Red Sox . Varitek struck out swinging . Mueller caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Tolar pitching for Red Sox . Mench flied out to center . Blalock walked . Rodriguez walked , Blalock to second . Palmeiro homered to right center , Blalock and Rodriguez scored . Gonzalez singled to center . Everett doubled to left , Gonzalez scored . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Christenson flied out to left . Young singled to right , Everett to third . Diaz safe at first on error by second baseman Walker , Everett scored , Young to second . Mench singled to right center , Young scored , Diaz to third . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Blalock flied out to center . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Damon popped out to second . Walker struck out swinging . Jackson at shortstop . Giambi in left field . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out looking . Palmeiro singled to left . Teixeira ran for Palmeiro . Gonzalez struck out looking . Teixeira at first base . Everett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Jackson singled to right . Ortiz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . Hillenbrand singled to right . Nixon popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Mendoza pitching for Red Sox . Christenson grounded out to pitcher . Greene hit for Diaz . Young reached on infield single to third . Greene popped out to second . Greene at first base . Teixeira at third base . Blalock at second base . Young at shortstop . Kreuter catching . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Mench flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Mueller grounded out to third . Varitek grounded out to first . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Red Sox . Blalock flied out to left . Kreuter flied out to left . Sierra hit for Gonzalez . Teixeira tripled to left center . Sierra lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Walker grounded out to second . Giambi grounded out to first . Jackson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 5 - Rangers 16 .	Rangers jump all over Lowe in routing Red Sox