Rangers - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Everett struck out swinging . Blalock struck out swinging . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Benes pitching for Rangers . Damon grounded out to second . Walker grounded out to second . Garciaparra popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Sierra reached on infield single to first . Greene struck out swinging . Christenson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Benes pitching for Rangers . Ramirez popped out to third . Ortiz singled to center . Millar popped out to shallow center . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Young singled to center . Everett sacrificed to pitcher , Young to second . Blalock flied out to shallow right center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Benes pitching for Rangers . Mueller walked . Varitek struck out swinging . Mueller caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Damon walked . Walker singled to left , Damon to third . Garciaparra tripled to shallow right , Damon and Walker scored . Ramirez popped out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Palmeiro grounded out to first . Gonzalez doubled to shallow left center . Sierra popped out to shortstop . Greene struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Benes pitching for Rangers . Ortiz reached on infield single to shortstop . Millar singled to left , Ortiz to second . Nixon singled to right center , Ortiz scored , Millar to second . Mueller tripled to right , Millar and Nixon scored . Van Poppel pitching for Rangers . Varitek singled to right , Mueller scored . Damon walked , Varitek to second . Walker grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Damon out at second , Varitek to third . Garciaparra walked . Ramirez singled to left , Varitek scored , Garciaparra to second . Ortiz lined out to right . 5 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Christenson struck out swinging . Young struck out looking . Everett flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Van Poppel pitching for Rangers . Millar walked . Nixon struck out swinging . Mueller lined into double play , third to first , Millar doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Martinez pitching for Red Sox . Blalock singled to center . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blalock out at second . Palmeiro singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Gonzalez flied out to shallow center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Sierra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Damon hit ground rule double to left . Walker reached on infield single to first , Damon to third . Garciaparra doubled to left , Damon scored , Walker to third . Ramirez intentionally walked . Ortiz singled to center , Walker and Garciaparra scored , Ramirez to second . Powell pitching for Rangers . Shiell pitching for Red Sox . Jackson at shortstop . Millar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Shiell pitching for Red Sox . Greene homered to left center . Christenson popped out to shallow center . Young grounded out to third . Everett homered to right . Blalock struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Nixon popped out to shallow center . Mueller doubled to left center . Varitek singled to center , Mueller scored . Damon doubled to deep right center , Varitek to third . Walker hit sacrifice fly to right , Varitek scored , Damon to third . Giambi in left field . Jackson flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Shiell pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Rodriguez to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Sierra struck out swinging . Greene hit by pitch . Christenson walked , Gonzalez to third , Greene to second . Urbina pitching for Rangers . Sadler at shortstop . Sierra in right field . Teixeira in left field . Perry at first base . Young grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Urbina pitching for Rangers . Giambi struck out looking . Ortiz struck out swinging . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Millar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Chen pitching for Red Sox . Perry grounded out to second . Blalock struck out looking . Sadler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Red Sox 12 .	Rangers , sore leg no problem for Pedro