Twins - Top 1st . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Guzman bunt grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz flied out to deep center . Koskie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Reed pitching for Twins . Young reached on infield single to second . Blalock singled to left center , Young to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blalock out at second , Young to third . Palmeiro fouled out to third . Gonzalez homered to left , Young and Rodriguez scored . Teixeira struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Hunter grounded out to third . Pierzynski doubled to right . LeCroy struck out swinging . Kielty struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Reed pitching for Twins . Ludwick fouled out to catcher . Nix lined out to first . Diaz flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Mohr struck out swinging . Rivas grounded out to shortstop . Guzman safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blalock . Mientkiewicz singled to left , Guzman scored . Koskie singled to right , Mientkiewicz to second . Hunter walked , Mientkiewicz to third , Koskie to second . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hunter out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Reed pitching for Twins . Young grounded out to shortstop . Blalock struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . LeCroy flied out to shallow center . Kielty grounded out to second . Mohr singled to center . Rivas lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Reed pitching for Twins . Palmeiro flied out to center . Gonzalez homered to left . Teixeira grounded out to first . Ludwick struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . Mientkiewicz walked . Koskie singled to shallow left center , Mientkiewicz to third . Hunter grounded out to second , Mientkiewicz scored , Koskie to second . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Reed pitching for Twins . Nix singled to center . Diaz singled to shallow right , Nix to third . Young homered to right , Nix and Diaz scored . Blalock popped out to first . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Gonzalez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Palmeiro out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . LeCroy singled to center . Kielty flied out to center . Mohr flied out to center . Rivas lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Teixeira homered to center . Ludwick safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Baldwin . Nix grounded out to shortstop , Ludwick to third . Diaz hit sacrifice fly to center , Ludwick scored . Young doubled to left . Hocking hit for Guzman . Blalock grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Hocking singled to right . Mientkiewicz flied out to shallow right center . Koskie singled to center , Hocking to second . Hunter struck out swinging . Hocking at shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Baldwin pitching for Twins . Rodriguez flied out to deep center . Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop . Ro Garcia pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . LeCroy singled to left . Kielty walked , LeCroy to second . Mohr safe at first on error by shortstop Rodriguez , LeCroy to third , Kielty to second . Rivas grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeCroy scored , Mohr out at second , Kielty to third . Hocking singled to center , Kielty scored . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Mays pitching for Twins . Mientkiewicz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Mays pitching for Twins . Teixeira singled to center . Ludwick flied out to center . Nix flied out to shallow left . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Koskie struck out looking . Hunter lined out to second . Pierzynski doubled to left . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Rangers 9 .	Juan Gone goes long twice as Rangers top Twins