Tigers - Top 1st . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Sanchez tripled to right center . Morris reached on infield single to third , Sanchez scored . Higginson sacrificed to third , Morris to second . Young grounded out to shortstop , Morris to third . Pena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Roney pitching for Tigers . Young safe at second on error by right fielder Higginson . Blalock singled to right , Young scored . Rodriguez popped out to shallow left center . Palmeiro grounded out to first , Blalock to second . Teixeira popped out to shallow left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Monroe grounded out to third . Halter singled to center . Inge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Halter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Roney pitching for Tigers . Spencer homered to left . Nix struck out looking . Greene doubled to left center . Nivar reached on bunt single to first , Greene to third , Greene scored on throwing error by pitcher Roney . Young popped out to third . Nivar stole second . Blalock out on batter 's interference to catcher . Blalock batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Santiago grounded out to first . Sanchez struck out swinging . Morris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Roney pitching for Tigers . Rodriguez walked . Palmeiro singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Teixeira walked , Palmeiro to second . Loux pitching for Tigers . Spencer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rodriguez out at home , Palmeiro to third , Teixeira to second . Nix singled to right , Palmeiro and Teixeira scored , Spencer to third . Greene grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nix out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Higginson popped out to third . Young struck out swinging . Pena doubled to deep left . Monroe flied out to deep right center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Loux pitching for Tigers . Nivar reached on infield single to third , Nivar to second on throwing error by third baseman Halter . Young grounded out to second , Nivar to third . Blalock walked . Rodriguez singled to left , Nivar scored , Blalock to second . Palmeiro flied out to shallow right . Teixeira grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Halter grounded out to shortstop . Inge doubled to deep right . Santiago grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inge out at third . Sanchez reached on bunt single to first , Santiago to third . Sanchez stole second , Santiago scored on throwing error by catcher Greene . Morris doubled to left , Sanchez scored . Higginson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Loux pitching for Tigers . Spencer grounded out to third . Nix lined out to left . Greene grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Young singled to right . Pena singled to left center , Young to second . Monroe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second , Young to third . Sparks pitching for Tigers . Halter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Sparks pitching for Tigers . Nivar grounded out to third . Young singled to left . Blalock walked , Young to second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Blalock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Inge struck out looking . Santiago grounded out to second . Sanchez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Sparks pitching for Tigers . Palmeiro popped out to shallow left . Teixeira flied out to right . Spencer singled to center . Nix singled to center , Spencer to third . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Greene popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Morris singled to right . Higginson grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Morris out at second . Young singled to right center . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Sparks pitching for Tigers . Nivar struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Blalock fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Monroe popped out to second . Halter grounded out to shortstop . Inge grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Rangers 6 .	Rangers ' Thomson goes long on short rest , wins