Rangers - Top 1st. Cease pitching for White Sox. Calhoun struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa singled to center, Kiner-Falefa safe at third on fielding error by center fielder Robert. Gallo walked. Lowe walked, Gallo to second. García struck out swinging. Solak flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Anderson struck out swinging. Eaton struck out looking. Moncada walked. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moncada out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Holt grounded out to first. Trevino grounded out to pitcher. Taveras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Robert grounded out to third. Grandal walked. Mercedes singled to center, Grandal to second. Vaughn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercedes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Calhoun flied out to center. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. Gallo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Madrigal reached on infield single to shortstop. Anderson singled to shallow center, Madrigal to second. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Dunning, Madrigal to third on wild pitch by Dunning. Eaton hit ground rule double to deep left center, Anderson scored and Madrigal scored. Moncada singled to shallow right, Eaton scored. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moncada out at second. Robert singled to right center, Abreu to second. Grandal grounded out to second, Robert to second, Abreu to third. Mercedes singled to right, Abreu scored and Robert scored. Vaughn singled to center, Mercedes to third. Allard pitching for Rangers. Madrigal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vaughn out at second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Cease pitching for White Sox. Lowe walked. Lowe to second on wild pitch by Cease. García struck out swinging. Solak homered to left (383 feet), Lowe scored. Holt singled to shallow center. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Trevino flied out to right. Taveras grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Anderson singled to center. Eaton bunt grounded out to third. Anderson to second on wild pitch by Allard. Moncada reached on infield single to second, Anderson scored. Moncada to second on wild pitch by Allard. Abreu flied out to right. Robert struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Marshall pitching for White Sox. Calhoun walked. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Calhoun to third. Gallo struck out looking, Kiner-Falefa stole second. Lowe flied out to left. García homered to center (405 feet), Calhoun scored and Kiner-Falefa scored. Solak grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Allard pitching for Rangers. Grandal flied out to left. Mercedes singled to shallow center. Vaughn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mercedes out at second. Madrigal reached on infield single to first, Vaughn to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Foster pitching for White Sox. Holt struck out looking. Trevino walked. Taveras struck out looking. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Calhoun singled to center, Trevino to third. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Trevino scored, Calhoun to second. Gallo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Cody pitching for Rangers. Eaton grounded out to first. Moncada lined out to right. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Bummer pitching for White Sox. Lowe safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bummer. Heuer pitching for White Sox. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowe out at second. Solak lined into double play, second to first, García doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Cody pitching for Rangers. Robert reached on infield single to second. Grandal struck out swinging, Robert stole second. Mercedes doubled to deep right center, Robert scored. Vaughn singled to left center, Mercedes to third. Hamilton ran for Vaughn. Madrigal grounded out to first, Mercedes scored, Hamilton to second. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hamilton in left field. Heuer pitching for White Sox. Holt singled to right. Trevino struck out swinging. Dahl hit for Taveras. Dahl singled to center, Holt to second. Hendriks pitching for White Sox. Dahl to second on passed ball by Grandal, Holt to third on passed ball by Grandal. Calhoun struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. García in center field. Dahl in left field. Cody pitching for Rangers. Eaton struck out swinging. Moncada homered to center (407 feet). Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Robert struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Hendriks pitching for White Sox. Gallo struck out looking. Lowe struck out looking. García homered to left (368 feet). Solak struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - White Sox 9.	Mercedes has 4 hits, White Sox beat Rangers 9-7