Red Sox - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Hernández flied out to left. Verdugo flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Calhoun singled to center. Solak struck out swinging. Lowe walked, Calhoun to second. Lowe to second on wild pitch by Richards, Calhoun to third on wild pitch by Richards. Gallo struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts reached on infield single to second. Devers lined out to right. Gonzalez doubled to center, Bogaerts to third. Renfroe grounded out to second, Bogaerts scored, Gonzalez to third. Cordero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Dahl struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. Holt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Plawecki struck out swinging. Hernández hit by pitch. Verdugo reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernández to second. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Verdugo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Heim grounded out to third. Calhoun singled to right. Solak struck out swinging. Lowe struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts homered to center (435 feet). Devers walked. Devers to second on wild pitch by Foltynewicz. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Renfroe flied out to center, Devers to third. Cordero popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Gallo doubled to deep right center. García flied out to center, Gallo to third. Dahl grounded out to first, Gallo scored. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to third. Kiner-Falefa stole second, Kiner-Falefa safe at third on throwing error by catcher Plawecki. Holt flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Plawecki doubled to left. Hernández continues to at bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Heim. Hernández struck out looking. Verdugo singled to right, Plawecki to third. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Verdugo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Heim struck out swinging. Calhoun flied out to center. Solak grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Rangers. Bogaerts singled to center. Devers grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bogaerts out at second. Devers caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Red Sox. Lowe struck out looking. Gallo struck out looking. García reached on infield single to third. Dahl grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. White in center field. García in right field. Martin pitching for Rangers. Renfroe singled to right. Cordero sacrificed to pitcher, Renfroe to second. Plawecki grounded out to second, Renfroe to third. Hernández singled to right, Renfroe scored. Verdugo lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Whitlock pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa homered to left center (422 feet). Holt flied out to center. Heim singled to center. Calhoun flied out to left. Solak struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Martinez struck out swinging. Bogaerts grounded out to third. Trevino catching. Devers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Lowe walked. Lowe stole second. White grounded out to shortstop. García flied out to right. Dahl singled to left, Lowe scored. Kiner-Falefa walked, Dahl to second. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Holt singled to center, Dahl scored on error and Kiner-Falefa scored on fielding error by center fielder Verdugo, Holt to second. Trevino grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 9th. Kennedy pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez flied out to left. Renfroe fouled out to first. Cordero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Rangers 5.	Texas Rangers rally for 5-3 victory over Boston Red Sox