Rangers - Top 1st. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Kiner-Falefa walked. Calhoun struck out swinging. García struck out swinging. Gallo walked, Kiner-Falefa to second. Gallo stole second, Kiner-Falefa stole third. Lowe walked. Solak grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Betts walked. Lux doubled to left center, Betts scored. Taylor hit by pitch. Beaty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Taylor out at second, Lux to third. Pollock struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Holt grounded out to second. Heim singled to center. Dunning fouled out to first. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. McKinstry reached on infield single to third. Raley struck out swinging. Barnes walked, McKinstry to second. Barnes to second, McKinstry picked off and caught stealing third. Buehler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun struck out swinging. García lined out to left. Gallo singled to deep right. Lowe singled to center, Gallo to second. Solak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Betts homered to right (348 feet). Lux singled to center. Taylor singled to right, Lux to third. Beaty grounded out to first, Taylor to second. Pollock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Taylor to third, Lux out at home. McKinstry doubled to left, Pollock scored and Taylor scored. Raley reached on infield single to second, McKinstry to third. Barnes flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Holt grounded out to second. Heim singled to center. Dunning sacrificed to pitcher, Heim to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Buehler grounded out to shortstop. Betts struck out swinging. Lux struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun flied out to left. García flied out to right. Gallo singled to left center. Lowe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. King pitching for Rangers. Taylor struck out swinging. Beaty grounded out to second. Pollock lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Buehler pitching for Dodgers. Solak hit by pitch. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solak out at second. Heim popped out to second. King bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. King pitching for Rangers. McKinstry walked. Raley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McKinstry out at second. Barnes struck out swinging. Pujols hit for Buehler. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Treinen pitching for Dodgers. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to second. Calhoun flied out to center. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. King pitching for Rangers. Betts singled to shallow right. Lux grounded out to shortstop, Betts to second. Patton pitching for Rangers. Taylor lined out to center, Betts to third. Beaty singled to right center, Betts scored. Pollock flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. González pitching for Dodgers. Gallo grounded out to first. Lowe grounded out to second. Solak flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Martin pitching for Rangers. McKinstry singled to center. Raley struck out swinging. Barnes reached on infield single to pitcher, McKinstry to second, McKinstry safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Martin. Burns hit for González. Burns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barnes out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Bickford pitching for Dodgers. Holt doubled to right. Heim walked. Martin hit for Martin. Martin singled to right center, Holt scored, Heim to third. Kiner-Falefa singled to left center, Heim scored, Martin to third. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Calhoun singled to right, Martin scored, Kiner-Falefa to second. White ran for Calhoun. García singled to center, White to second, Kiner-Falefa to third. Gallo fouled out to second. Lowe popped out to third. Solak grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Dodgers 5.	Buehler, Betts propel Dodgers to 5-3 win over Rangers