Royals - Top 1st. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Merrifield grounded out to third. Santana walked. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Minor pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to shortstop. White flied out to center. García struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. O'Hearn fouled out to left. Alberto grounded out to third. Soler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Minor pitching for Royals. Gallo grounded out to second. Ibáñez flied out to center. Lowe reached on infield single to second. Solak singled to left, Lowe to second. Heim grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Dozier walked. Taylor flied out to center. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dozier out at second. Merrifield tripled to deep center, Lopez scored. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Minor pitching for Royals. Culberson struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to second. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Perez singled to center. O'Hearn flied out to left. Alberto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at second. Soler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Minor pitching for Royals. García walked. Gallo singled to right, García to second. Ibáñez reached on infield single to second, García scored on throwing error by second baseman Merrifield, Ibáñez to second, Gallo safe at third on error. Lowe tripled to left, Gallo scored and Ibáñez scored. Solak grounded out to shortstop. Heim singled to left, Lowe scored. Culberson lined into double play, third to first, Heim out at first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Dozier struck out swinging. Taylor grounded out to first. Lopez singled to left. Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez to second. Santana doubled to deep right, Lopez scored, Merrifield to third. Perez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Minor pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa lined out to right. White flied out to shortstop. García walked. Gallo fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. King pitching for Rangers. O'Hearn struck out swinging. Alberto flied out to center. Soler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Minor pitching for Royals. Ibáñez singled to center. Lowe singled to right, Ibáñez to second. Solak singled to right center, Ibáñez scored, Lowe to second. Heim doubled to left, Lowe scored, Solak to third. Culberson doubled to right center, Heim scored and Solak scored. Hernández pitching for Royals. Kiner-Falefa walked. White lined out to right, Culberson to third. García hit sacrifice fly to right, Culberson scored. Gallo struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. King pitching for Rangers. Dozier grounded out to shortstop. Taylor grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Gutiérrez at third base. Alberto at shortstop. Gutiérrez at third base. Duffy pitching for Royals. Ibáñez grounded out to third. Lowe struck out swinging. Solak grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. King pitching for Rangers. Merrifield grounded out to pitcher. Santana flied out to left. Gutiérrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Swarzak pitching for Royals. O'Hearn at first base. Heim singled to shallow left. Culberson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heim out at second. Kiner-Falefa singled to right, Culberson to third. White grounded into double play, second to first, Kiner-Falefa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. White in right field. Calhoun in left field. King pitching for Rangers. O'Hearn flied out to right. Alberto grounded out to shortstop. Soler singled to shallow left. Dozier doubled to right, Soler to third. Taylor singled to center, Soler scored and Dozier scored. Patton pitching for Rangers. Taylor to second on fielder's indifference. Rivero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Rangers 9.	Lowe has three hits, two RBIs as Rangers beat Royals 9-4