Rangers - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Holt struck out swinging. Kiner-Falefa reached on infield single to first. García struck out swinging. Peters lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Hernández flied out to right. Devers flied out to center. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Lowe doubled to deep left. Pozo walked. Solak singled to right, Lowe scored, Pozo to second. Ibáñez flied out to center. Trevino flied out to right. Holt singled to center, Pozo scored, Solak to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Schwarber grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to left. Verdugo struck out swinging. Renfroe walked, Martinez to second. Vázquez singled to shallow right, Renfroe to second, Martinez thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. García doubled to left. Peters flied out to center. Lowe struck out looking. Pozo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Dalbec doubled to deep center. Hernández singled to right center, Dalbec scored. Devers flied into double play, center to first, Hernández doubled off first. Bogaerts grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Red Sox. Solak fouled out to first. Ibáñez doubled to left. Trevino flied out to center. Holt reached on infield single to first, Ibáñez scored and Holt safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Hernández. Kiner-Falefa doubled to deep center, Holt scored. Sawamura pitching for Red Sox. García reached on infield single to shortstop, Kiner-Falefa scored on throwing error by shortstop Bogaerts. Peters hit by pitch, García to second. Peters to second on wild pitch by Sawamura, García to third on wild pitch by Sawamura. Lowe struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Schwarber struck out swinging. Martinez walked. Verdugo flied out to left. Renfroe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Red Sox. Pozo lined out to center. Solak doubled to deep left center. Ibáñez doubled to deep left center, Solak scored. Trevino grounded out to catcher, Ibáñez to third. Holt struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Vázquez grounded out to shortstop. Dalbec struck out swinging. Hernández flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Robles pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to third. García grounded out to shortstop. Peters reached on infield single to shortstop. Peters to second on pickoff error by pitcher Robles. Lowe intentionally walked. Pozo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lowe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Devers grounded out to first. Bogaerts singled to left center. Schwarber walked, Bogaerts to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Verdugo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Red Sox. Solak grounded out to second. Ibáñez walked. Ibáñez picked off first. Trevino singled to left. Holt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Lyles pitching for Rangers. Renfroe grounded out to third. Vázquez lined out to first. Dalbec flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Pérez pitching for Red Sox. Kiner-Falefa singled to center. García doubled to deep left, Kiner-Falefa to third. Peters grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa scored on Pérez wild pitch, García to third on wild pitch by Pérez. Lowe grounded out to first. Pozo singled to left, García scored. Solak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pozo safe at second on fielding error by third baseman Devers. Ibáñez singled to right, Pozo scored on error and Solak scored on fielding error by right fielder Renfroe, Ibáñez to third. Trevino struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Araúz hit for Hernández. Santana pitching for Rangers. Araúz grounded out to shortstop. Devers flied out to center. Bogaerts popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Araúz at second base. Verdugo in right field. Duran in center field. Davis pitching for Red Sox. Holt grounded out to second. Hernández hit for Kiner-Falefa. Hernández grounded out to second. Martin hit for García. Martin fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Hernández at shortstop. Martin in right field. Snyder pitching for Rangers. Schwarber grounded out to third. Martinez struck out swinging. Verdugo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Red Sox 1.	Lyles' strong start leads Rangers over sloppy Red Sox, 10-1