Rangers - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Taveras reached on infield single to second. Kiner-Falefa grounded out to pitcher, Taveras to second. García singled to center, Taveras scored. Lowe struck out looking, García stole second. Peters struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Otto pitching for Rangers. Harrison grounded out to third. Marte grounded out to shortstop. Olson reached on infield single to shortstop. Chapman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Solak grounded out to third. Trevino grounded out to shortstop. Pozo walked. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Otto pitching for Rangers. Lowrie walked. Canha hit by pitch, Lowrie to second. Kemp reached on infield single to second, Canha to second, Lowrie to third. Murphy singled to left, Lowrie scored, Kemp to second, Canha to third. Andrus hit by pitch, Canha scored, Murphy to second, Kemp to third. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte singled to right, Kemp scored, Andrus to second, Murphy to third. Olson singled to right, Andrus scored, Murphy scored and Marte scored, Olson out stretching at second. Chapman struck out looking. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Athletics. Taveras grounded out to first. Kiner-Falefa singled to right. García singled to left, Kiner-Falefa to second. Lowe doubled to deep right center, García scored and Kiner-Falefa scored. Peters struck out looking. Solak singled to left, Lowe scored. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Trevino flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Otto pitching for Rangers. Lowrie struck out looking. Canha struck out swinging. Kemp reached on infield single to second. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Pozo grounded out to shortstop. Hernández struck out swinging. Taveras popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Otto pitching for Rangers. Andrus doubled to left. Harrison flied out to center. Marte tripled to right center, Andrus scored. Yang pitching for Rangers. Olson singled to center, Marte scored. Chapman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olson out at second. Davis hit for Lowrie. Davis struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Davis as designated hitter. Guerra pitching for Athletics. Kiner-Falefa flied out to right. García fouled out to right. Lowe walked. Peters struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Yang pitching for Rangers. Canha struck out swinging. Kemp reached on bunt single to second. Murphy singled to shallow center, Kemp to second. Andrus grounded out to second, Murphy to second, Kemp to third. Harrison singled to left, Kemp scored and Murphy scored. Marte singled to right, Harrison to second. Olson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Solak grounded out to first. Trevino struck out swinging. Pozo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Dunning pitching for Rangers. Chapman struck out looking. Davis singled to center. Canha grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis to second, Davis safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Kiner-Falefa. Kemp flied out to center. Murphy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Athletics. Hernández grounded out to third. Taveras grounded out to second. Kiner-Falefa struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Rangers. Andrus reached on infield single to third. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. Olson singled to right, Marte to third. Chapman walked, Olson to second. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Athletics. García struck out swinging. Lowe walked. Peters flied out to right. Solak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Sborz pitching for Rangers. Canha struck out looking. Kemp fouled out to left. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Trevino flied out to right. Pozo lined out to center. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Taveras doubled to deep center, Hernández scored. Kiner-Falefa struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Athletics 10.	Olson's 4 RBIs lead A's past Rangers for 3rd straight win