Dodgers - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera doubled to deep left center. Sands struck out looking. Abreu struck out swinging. Van Slyke struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist flied out to right. Roberts homered to left (379 feet). Upton walked. Kubel flied out to right. Goldschmidt walked, Upton to second. Hill singled to center, Upton scored, Goldschmidt to third, Hill to second advancing on throw. Parra struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis struck out swinging. De Jesus flied out to right. Kennedy singled to right. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Blanco singled to left. Saunders lined out to second. Bloomquist tripled to deep center, Blanco scored. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to right, Bloomquist scored. Upton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Lilly grounded out to second. Herrera hit ground rule double to deep left. Sands struck out looking. Abreu flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Kubel grounded out to second. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center. Goldschmidt stole third. Hill walked. Parra singled to right, Goldschmidt scored, Hill to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Saunders lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke popped out to second. Ellis homered to center (424 feet). De Jesus grounded out to third. Kennedy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist singled to center. Roberts walked, Bloomquist to second. Upton struck out swinging. Kubel tripled to deep right, Bloomquist and Roberts scored. Goldschmidt walked. Hill singled to center, Kubel scored, Goldschmidt to second. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Parra grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Hill out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Wright flied out to center. Herrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Saunders singled to center. Saunders to second on passed ball by Ellis. Bloomquist singled to center, Saunders to third. Roberts grounded out to shortstop, Saunders scored, Bloomquist to second. Upton homered to right (384 feet), Bloomquist scored. Kubel walked. Goldschmidt hit by pitch, Kubel to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kubel to third, Goldschmidt to second. Parra struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Sands fouled out to first. Abreu struck out looking. Van Slyke struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Coffey pitching for Dodgers. Van Slyke in right field. Loney at first base. Blanco struck out swinging. Saunders grounded out to pitcher. Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellis walked. De Jesus singled to left, Ellis to second. Kennedy singled to right, Ellis to third, De Jesus to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Ellis scored, De Jesus to third, Kennedy to second. Loney singled to left, De Jesus scored, Kennedy to third. Shaw pitching for Diamondbacks. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kennedy scored, Loney out at second. Sands walked, Herrera to second. Gwynn hit for Coffey. Gwynn grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Roberts flied out to left. Upton flied out to right. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Van Slyke flied out to center. Ellis struck out swinging. De Jesus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Goldschmidt grounded out to pitcher. McDonald hit for Hill. McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop. Parra lined out to left. Blanco grounded into fielder's choice to third, McDonald safe at second on error by third baseman Kennedy. Collmenter walked, McDonald to third, Blanco to second. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Roberts at second base. McDonald at third base. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Kennedy grounded out to third. Gordon singled to left. Loney grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 11.	D-backs slam Dodgers to end L.A.'s streak