Brewers - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hart flied out to left. Aoki singled to center. Braun struck out looking, Aoki stole second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Herrera struck out looking. Loney grounded out to third. Kemp walked. Ethier doubled to deep center, Kemp scored. Abreu walked. Kennedy walked, Ethier to third, Abreu to second. Ellis lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Gwynn in center field. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Weeks struck out looking. Ransom struck out swinging. Gomez reached on infield single to second. Gomez picked off first. Maldonado batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Gordon struck out looking. Kershaw reached on infield single to second. Herrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kershaw out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Maldonado singled to left. Gallardo sacrificed to pitcher, Maldonado to second. Hart struck out swinging. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Loney flied out to left. Gwynn singled to right. Ethier singled to left, Gwynn to second. Abreu struck out looking. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Braun struck out looking. Ramirez doubled to deep left. Weeks walked. Ransom walked, Ramirez to third, Weeks to second. Gomez singled to left, Ramirez and Weeks scored, Ransom to second. Maldonado flied out to right. Ransom to third on wild pitch by Kershaw. Gallardo struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Gordon struck out swinging. Kershaw grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hart reached on infield single to shortstop. Aoki sacrificed to pitcher, Hart to second. Braun intentionally walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Herrera struck out swinging. Loney grounded out to first. Gwynn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Weeks doubled to left. Ransom walked. Gomez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Ransom out at second, Weeks to third. Maldonado sacrificed to first, Weeks scored, Gomez to second. Gallardo singled to deep left, Gomez scored. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Hart singled to center, Gallardo to third. Aoki reached on infield single to second, Gallardo scored, Hart to second. Braun flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Ethier singled to right. Abreu grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Coffey pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez flied out to center. Weeks walked. Ransom grounded into fielder's choice to third, Weeks out at second. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop, Ransom to second. Maldonado lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Gallardo pitching for Brewers. Ellis singled to right. Gordon singled to left, Ellis to second. De Jesus hit for Coffey. De Jesus singled to left, Ellis to third, Gordon to second. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Herrera singled to right, Ellis and Gordon scored, De Jesus to second. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Parra pitching for Brewers. Herrera singled to right, Ellis and Gordon scored, De Jesus to second. Loney struck out swinging. Gwynn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Herrera out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Morgan hit for Parra. Morgan singled to right center. Hart singled to center, Morgan to second. Aoki sacrificed to catcher, Morgan to third, Hart to second. Braun intentionally walked. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morgan scored, Braun out at second, Hart to third. Weeks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Ethier grounded out to third. Abreu singled to left. Kennedy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Hairston Jr. at third base. Ransom struck out looking. Gomez doubled to left. Maldonado hit by pitch. Green hit for Rodriguez. Green walked, Gomez to third, Maldonado to second. Hart struck out swinging. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Aoki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Ellis struck out swinging. Gordon walked. Gordon to second on fielder's indifference. Hairston Jr. fouled out to right. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Dodgers 3.	Gomez, Brewers top L.A. as Kemp hurt again