Padres - Top 1st. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Denorfia grounded out to first. Forsythe flied out to right. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Padres. Gwynn reached on infield single to shortstop. Gwynn stole second. Ellis walked. Ethier singled to right, Gwynn scored, Ellis to second. Abreu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ethier out at second, Ellis to third. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Quentin grounded out to third. Alonso grounded out to shortstop. Maybin doubled to deep center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Padres. Hairston Jr. safe at second on error by third baseman Headley. Uribe flied out to right, Hairston Jr. to third. Treanor struck out swinging. Capuano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Baker struck out looking. Marquis popped out to shortstop. Denorfia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Padres. Gwynn struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to center. Ethier reached on infield single to third. Abreu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Forsythe singled to center. Headley singled to center, Forsythe to second. Quentin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second, Forsythe to third, Forsythe scored on throwing error by second baseman Ellis. Alonso grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Quentin out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Padres. Loney lined out to shortstop. Hairston Jr. doubled to deep center. Uribe grounded out to pitcher, Hairston Jr. to third. Treanor intentionally walked. Capuano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Maybin bunt popped out foul to catcher. Cabrera grounded out to third. Baker reached on infield single to shortstop, Baker to second on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Marquis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Padres. Gwynn flied out to center. Ellis lined out to first. Ethier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Denorfia grounded out to third. Forsythe struck out swinging. Headley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Padres. Abreu flied out to right. Loney doubled to right. Hairston Jr. singled to center, Loney scored, Hairston Jr. to second advancing on throw. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Treanor intentionally walked. Capuano flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Capuano pitching for Dodgers. Quentin flied out to right. Alonso flied out to center. Maybin safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Hairston Jr.. Cabrera singled to left, Maybin to second. Baker walked, Maybin to third, Cabrera to second. Grandal hit for Marquis. Grandal safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Hairston Jr., Maybin and Cabrera scored, Baker to third. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Amarista hit for Denorfia. Amarista reached on infield single to third, Baker scored, Grandal to third. Forsythe flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Amarista in right field. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Gwynn struck out swinging. Ellis lined out to shortstop. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Headley homered to right (404 feet). Quentin popped out to second. Alonso reached on infield single to pitcher. Maybin singled to left, Alonso to second. Tolleson pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Baker struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Abreu grounded out to third. Rivera hit for Loney. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Rivera at first base. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Kennedy at third base. Kotsay hit for Gregerson. Kotsay doubled to deep center. Amarista sacrificed to pitcher, Kotsay to third, Amarista safe at first on error by pitcher Wright. Kotsay to third on error by pitcher Wright. Amarista to second on fielder's indifference. Forsythe grounded out to second. Headley intentionally walked. Quentin hit sacrifice fly to center, Kotsay scored. Alonso singled to right, Amarista scored, Headley to second. Maybin singled to shallow center, Headley to third, Alonso to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Amarista in left field. Thayer pitching for Padres. Venable in right field. Uribe struck out swinging. Treanor grounded out to pitcher. Kennedy reached on infield single to second. Gwynn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Dodgers 2.	Padres use 6 unearned runs to beat Dodgers