Dodgers - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Victorino reached on infield single to third, Victorino to second on throwing error by third baseman Harrison. Ellis singled to right, Victorino to third. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Victorino scored, Ellis out at second. Alvarez at third base. Harrison at second base. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kemp out at second. Ethier singled to right, Ramirez to third. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Marte struck out looking. Alvarez struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Cruz struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to second. Kershaw singled to center. Victorino lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez hit ground rule double to deep left. McKenry flied out to center, Sanchez to third. Jones hit sacrifice fly to right, Sanchez scored. Harrison flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Ellis singled to center. Kemp flied out to right. Ramirez walked, Ellis to second. Ethier singled to right, Ellis to third, Ramirez to second. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellis scored, Ramirez to third. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ethier out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Mercer grounded out to catcher. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Ellis popped out to second. Kershaw singled to left center. Victorino singled to right, Kershaw to second. Ellis grounded out to third, Kershaw to third, Victorino to second. Kemp doubled to right, Kershaw and Victorino scored. Ramirez doubled to left, Kemp scored. Ethier grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Alvarez struck out swinging. McCutchen homered to center (430 feet). Sanchez grounded out to catcher. McKenry grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to center. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Jones grounded out to second. Harrison lined out to third. Mercer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Pirates. Kershaw grounded out to first. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Ellis hit by pitch. Resop pitching for Pirates. Barmes at shortstop. Kemp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Barmes singled to center. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barmes out at second. Alvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Resop pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to center. Ethier singled to center, Ramirez to third. Loney singled to center, Ramirez scored, Ethier to second. Cruz hit ground rule double to deep right, Ethier scored, Loney to third. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Loney scored, Cruz to third. Kershaw hit sacrifice fly to left, Cruz scored. Qualls pitching for Pirates. Victorino doubled to deep right. Ellis flied out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. McCutchen flied out to left. Sanchez doubled to deep left. McKenry struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Cruz pitching for Pirates. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Harrison flied out to center. Snider doubled to right. Barmes singled to center, Snider scored. Marte struck out swinging. Barmes to second on fielder's indifference. Alvarez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Loney flied out to left. Cruz flied out to center. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. League pitching for Dodgers. McCutchen walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McCutchen out at second. McKenry grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 9 - Pirates 3.	Kershaw, red-hot Dodgers sit atop NL West