Dodgers - Top 1st. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Ellis popped out to second. Victorino flied out to right. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Colvin flied out to center. Rutledge singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rutledge out at second. Pacheco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Ramirez struck out swinging. Cruz grounded out to third. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Hernandez struck out swinging. Nelson grounded out to first. LeMahieu singled to center. Blackmon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Rivera singled to left. Ellis singled to center, Rivera to second. Blanton sacrificed to third, Rivera to third, Ellis to second. Ellis safe at first on error by first baseman Pacheco, Rivera scored, Ellis to third. Victorino reached on infield single to third, Ellis scored, Ellis to second. Ellis to third, Victorino to second on wild pitch by Pomeranz. Gonzalez singled to right, Ellis and Victorino scored. Ramirez homered to center (433 feet), Gonzalez scored. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Ethier popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Pomeranz struck out swinging. Colvin grounded out to pitcher. Rutledge singled to right center. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Pomeranz pitching for Rockies. Rivera doubled to deep left center. Ellis struck out swinging. Blanton struck out looking. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Pacheco struck out looking. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Nelson singled to right center. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Victorino singled to center. Gonzalez singled to center, Victorino to second. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second, Victorino to third. Cruz popped out to shortstop. Ethier walked, Ramirez to second. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop. Ottavino struck out swinging. Colvin singled to left. Rutledge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Ellis flied out to right. Blanton grounded out to shortstop. Ellis fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez singled to center. Pacheco popped out to shortstop. Hernandez lined out to right. Nelson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Victorino struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon singled to right center. Fowler hit for Ottavino. Fowler walked, Blackmon to second. Colvin singled to center, Blackmon scored, Fowler to second. Rutledge grounded into double play, third to first, Fowler out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Colvin in right field. Harris pitching for Rockies. Fowler in center field. Cruz walked. Ethier singled to center, Cruz to second, Cruz to third, Ethier to second on throwing error by center fielder Fowler. Rivera walked. Ellis homered to right center (421 feet), Cruz, Ethier and Rivera scored. Blanton grounded out to second. Ellis singled to center. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Blanton pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Pacheco singled to left center. Pacheco to second on fielder's indifference. Hernandez singled to center, Pacheco to third. Tolleson pitching for Dodgers. Nelson singled to right center, Pacheco scored, Hernandez to second. LeMahieu singled to center, Hernandez scored, Nelson to second. Brown hit for Harris. Brown walked, Nelson to third, LeMahieu to second. Fowler singled to center, Nelson scored, LeMahieu to third, Brown to second. Choate pitching for Dodgers. Colvin hit by pitch, LeMahieu scored, Brown to third, Fowler to second. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Punto at second base. Rutledge grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brown scored, Colvin out at second, Fowler to third. Gonzalez singled to center, Fowler scored, Rutledge to second, Rutledge scored, Gonzalez to second on error by center fielder Victorino. Pacheco grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 9th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Ramirez grounded out to third. Cruz lined out to right. Ethier reached on infield single to third. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Hernandez grounded out to third. Nelson singled to left. LeMahieu grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nelson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Rockies 8.	Ellis' grand slam helps Dodgers outslug Rockies