Royals - Top 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Merrifield struck out looking . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Soler doubled to right , Gordon scored on error by right fielder Castellanos . O'Hearn walked . Duda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Harrison walked . Castellanos walked , Harrison to second . Cabrera singled to deep right , Harrison scored , Castellanos to third . Goodrum grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castellanos scored , Cabrera out at second in rundown . Candelario struck out swinging . Stewart doubled to right , Goodrum to third . Peterson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Owings struck out looking . Maldonado grounded out to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Greiner grounded out to shortstop . Mercer grounded out to third . Harrison flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Merrifield singled to right center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon singled to shallow right , Merrifield to third . Soler singled to center , Merrifield scored , Gordon to second . O'Hearn popped out to shortstop . Duda fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Goodrum doubled to deep right . Candelario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado flied out to center . Hamilton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Stewart struck out swinging . Peterson struck out swinging . Greiner popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Merrifield tripled to deep center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left , Merrifield scored . Soler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Mercer flied out to left . Harrison singled to left . Castellanos struck out swinging , Harrison stole second , Harrison safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Cabrera walked . Goodrum doubled to right , Harrison scored , Cabrera to third . Candelario struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . O'Hearn singled to left center . Duda struck out swinging . Owings struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , O'Hearn out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Junis pitching for Royals . Stewart popped out to shortstop . Peterson singled to right . Greiner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Greiner safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Merrifield , Peterson out at second . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Hamilton grounded out to first . Merrifield lined out to third . Mondesi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Harrison walked . Harrison stole second . Castellanos walked . Cabrera walked , Castellanos to second , Harrison to third . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Goodrum walked , Harrison scored , Cabrera to second , Castellanos to third . Candelario lined out to second . Stewart hit sacrifice fly to left , Castellanos scored . Peterson lined out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Gordon homered to right ( 352 feet ) . Soler struck out swinging . O'Hearn popped out to third . Duda popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Boxberger pitching for Royals . Greiner struck out looking . Mercer popped out to second . Harrison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Owings struck out swinging . Maldonado flied out to right . Hamilton singled to left . Merrifield grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Tigers 5 .	Turnbull solid , and Tigers beat Royals 5 - 4 in home opener