Mariners - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Smith grounded out to pitcher . Santana lined out to center . Bruce homered to left ( 374 feet ) . Encarnación lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Merrifield tripled to center . Mondesi reached on infield single to shortstop , Merrifield scored . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mondesi out at second . Soler flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Vogelbach struck out swinging . Healy doubled to left . Narváez grounded out to shortstop , Healy to third . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Schwindel lined out to right . Dozier struck out looking . Owings reached on infield single to second . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Gordon singled to left center . Smith lined out to left . Santana singled to center , Santana to second , Gordon to third . Bruce grounded out to second , Gordon scored , Santana to third . Encarnación walked . Vogelbach struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Hamilton safe at second on error by left fielder Santana . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Mondesi hit sacrifice fly to center , Hamilton scored . Gordon doubled to left . Soler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Healy reached on infield single to shortstop . Narváez doubled to deep right , Healy to third . Moore struck out swinging . Gordon singled to right , Healy scored and Narváez scored . Smith struck out swinging . Gordon stole second . Santana reached on infield single to pitcher , Gordon to third . Bruce struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Schwindel flied out to right . Dozier grounded out to pitcher . Owings struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Encarnación popped out to second . Vogelbach doubled to deep center . Healy struck out swinging . Narváez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Maldonado struck out swinging . Hamilton walked . Merrifield flied out to right . Mondesi doubled to left center , Hamilton to third . Gordon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Moore grounded out to third . Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher . Smith grounded out to pitcher , Gordon to second . Santana popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Soler grounded out to third . Schwindel flied out to center . Dozier struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Bruce flied out to center . Encarnación singled to right . Vogelbach singled to right center , Encarnación to third . Healy hit sacrifice fly to right , Encarnación scored . Narváez singled to right , Vogelbach to third . Moore singled to shallow right , Vogelbach scored , Narváez to third . Diekman pitching for Royals . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Owings doubled to left . Owings stole third . Maldonado walked . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center , Owings scored . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maldonado out at second . Merrifield to second on wild pitch by Brennan . Mondesi grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Smith struck out swinging . Santana struck out looking . Bruce lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Brennan pitching for Mariners . Gordon singled to center . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gordon out at second . O'Hearn hit for Schwindel . O'Hearn walked , Soler to second . Dozier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , O'Hearn out at second , Soler to third . Owings lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . O'Hearn at first base . Peralta pitching for Royals . Encarnación flied out to center . Vogelbach doubled to right . Haniger ran for Vogelbach . Healy flied out to center . Narváez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Haniger as designated hitter . Duda hit for Maldonado . Swarzak pitching for Mariners . Duda flied out to center . Hamilton struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to right . Mondesi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 6 - Royals 3 .	Mariners hand KC 8th straight L ; Merrifield hit streak at 30