Royals - Top 1st . Ross pitching for Tigers . Merrifield doubled to shallow left . Mondesi bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Merrifield out at third . Gordon homered to left ( 350 feet ) , Mondesi scored . Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop . Soler doubled to deep center , Dozier scored . O'Hearn singled to left , Soler scored . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Maldonado singled to left , O'Hearn to second . Hamilton grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Bailey pitching for Royals . Candelario flied out to right . Castellanos walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castellanos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Ross pitching for Tigers . Merrifield walked . Mondesi tripled to right , Merrifield scored . Gordon grounded out to second . Dozier walked . Garrett pitching for Tigers . Soler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dozier out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Bailey pitching for Royals . Goodrum flied out to right . Rodríguez walked . Hicks struck out swinging . Dixon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodríguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Garrett pitching for Tigers . O'Hearn doubled to deep left center . Gutiérrez doubled to deep right , O'Hearn scored . Maldonado walked . Hamilton walked , Maldonado to second , Gutiérrez to third . Merrifield struck out looking . Mondesi walked , Gutiérrez scored , Hamilton to second , Maldonado to third . Fernandez pitching for Tigers . Gordon fouled out to first . Dozier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Bailey pitching for Royals . Mercer lined out to center . Castro singled to center . Candelario homered to right ( 394 feet ) , Castro scored . Castellanos reached on infield single to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Castellanos to second . Goodrum grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Manuel Fernandez pitching for Tigers . Soler popped out to second . O'Hearn flied out to left . Gutiérrez singled to center . Maldonado fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Rodríguez popped out to third . Hicks singled to left . Dixon struck out swinging . Mercer singled to right center , Hicks to third . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Manuel Fernandez pitching for Tigers . Hamilton flied out to center . Merrifield homered to left ( 434 feet ) . Mondesi doubled to left , Mondesi safe at third on error by left fielder Goodrum . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to right , Mondesi scored . Dozier walked . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dozier out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Candelario singled to center . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to right , Candelario to third . Goodrum lined out to third . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . O'Hearn grounded out to pitcher . Gutiérrez singled to center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Gutiérrez stole second . Hamilton popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Bailey pitching for Royals . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Dixon safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Merrifield flied out to right . Mondesi walked . Gordon reached on infield single to second , Mondesi to third . Dozier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Boxberger pitching for Royals . Candelario flied out to center . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Jones in center field . Castro in right field . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Soler reached on infield single to third . O'Hearn walked , Soler to second . Gutiérrez singled to left , O'Hearn to second , Soler to third . Maldonado walked , Soler scored , Gutiérrez to second , O'Hearn to third . Hamilton grounded out to second , O'Hearn scored , Maldonado to second , Gutiérrez to third . Merrifield walked . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gutiérrez scored , Merrifield out at second , Maldonado to third . Mondesi to second on wild pitch by VerHagen . Gordon singled to center , Maldonado scored and Mondesi scored . Dozier singled to left , Gordon to second . Soler singled to right , Gordon scored , Dozier to second . O'Hearn grounded out to third . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Gore in left field . Newberry pitching for Royals . Goodrum popped out to shortstop . Rodríguez homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Hicks fouled out to third . Dixon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Beckham at first base . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Gutiérrez struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Lovelady pitching for Royals . Mercer grounded out to second . Castro struck out swinging . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 15 - Tigers 3 .	Royals rout Tigers 15 - 3 after 4 - run first