Royals - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Twins . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Mondesi struck out looking . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Kepler struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to left . Cruz walked . Rosario singled to center , Cruz to second . Sanó walked , Rosario to second , Cruz to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Twins . Soler walked . Cuthbert singled to center , Soler to second . Bonifacio reached on infield single to second , Soler scored , Cuthbert to second . Lopez bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Bonifacio out at second , Cuthbert to third . Maldonado singled to right , Cuthbert scored , Lopez to second . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Maldonado out at second , Lopez to third . Merrifield singled to left , Lopez scored , Hamilton to third . Merrifield stole second . Mondesi flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Schoop struck out looking . Castro grounded out to second . Adrianza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Twins . Gordon struck out swinging . Soler flied out to center . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Kepler doubled to deep right . Polanco flied out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Twins . Bonifacio struck out looking . Lopez struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Sanó homered to center ( 432 feet ) . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Schoop singled to center , Gonzalez to second . Castro flied out to left . Adrianza struck out swinging . Kepler singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Kepler to second , Schoop to third . Barlow pitching for Royals . Polanco intentionally walked . Barlow pitching for Royals . Cruz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Twins . Hamilton bunt grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield lined out to center . Mondesi grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . López pitching for Royals . Rosario popped out to shortstop . Sanó struck out looking . Gonzalez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Twins . Gordon struck out swinging . Soler grounded out to first . Cuthbert struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Schoop reached on infield single to catcher . Castro flied out to left . Adrianza grounded out to second , Schoop to second . Kepler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Twins . Bonifacio flied out to left . Lopez singled to center . Maldonado singled to deep left center , Lopez to third . Hamilton sacrificed , Lopez scored , Maldonado to second . Merrifield lined out to center . Morin pitching for Twins . Maldonado scored on error by third baseman Sanó , Mondesi safe at first on error by third baseman Sanó , Hamilton to second , Hamilton safe at third on error by third baseman Sanó . Gordon lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Polanco flied out to left . Cruz homered to right ( 413 feet ) . Rosario singled to right . Sanó singled to left , Rosario to second . Diekman pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to left , Sanó to second , Rosario to third . Schoop struck out swinging . Garver hit for Castro . Garver flied out to right . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Garver catching . Morin pitching for Twins . Soler grounded out to shortstop . Cuthbert safe at first on error by pitcher Morin . Bonifacio doubled to deep center , Cuthbert scored . Lopez flied out to left . Maldonado doubled to deep left , Bonifacio scored . Hamilton singled to right center , Maldonado scored , Hamilton to second . Merrifield walked . Mondesi lined out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Boxberger pitching for Royals . Adrianza walked . Kepler singled to right , Adrianza to second . Polanco singled to center , Kepler to second , Adrianza to third . Cruz doubled to deep left center , Adrianza scored and Kepler scored , Polanco to third . Peralta pitching for Royals . Rosario popped out to third . Sanó struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Magill pitching for Twins . Gordon walked . Soler grounded out to pitcher , Gordon to second . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Bonifacio lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Schoop reached on infield single to shortstop . Garver flied out to right . Adrianza struck out swinging . Kepler doubled to deep right , Schoop scored . Polanco walked . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Twins 6 .	Maldonado wears Father 's Day tie , leads Royals over Twins