Indians - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Lindor flied out to center . Mercado struck out swinging . Santana flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Merrifield struck out swinging . Mondesi flied out to center . Gordon singled to left center , Gordon thrown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Kipnis grounded out to shortstop . Ramírez singled to right . Bauers singled to right center , Ramírez to third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to center , Ramírez scored . Bradley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier popped out to third . Soler homered to center ( 451 feet ) . Cuthbert grounded out to third . Lopez singled to right . Maldonado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Naquin singled to right . Lindor singled to center , Naquin to third . Mercado struck out swinging . Santana walked , Lindor to second . Kipnis walked , Naquin scored , Santana to second , Lindor to third . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lindor scored , Kipnis out at second , Santana to third . Bauers doubled to center , Ramírez scored and Santana scored . Bauers scored on throwing error by third baseman Dozier , Pérez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Dozier . Bradley popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Hamilton grounded out to pitcher . Merrifield singled to center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Naquin grounded out to pitcher . Lindor grounded out to second . Mercado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier flied out to center . Soler walked . Cuthbert struck out swinging . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Junis pitching for Royals . Santana reached on infield single to first , Santana safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Junis . Kipnis flied out to left , Santana to third . Ramírez struck out swinging . Newberry pitching for Royals . Bauers singled to center , Santana scored . Pérez walked , Bauers to second . Bradley flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Maldonado struck out swinging . Hamilton popped out to second . Merrifield reached on infield single to third . Mondesi homered to right center ( 392 feet ) , Merrifield scored . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Naquin doubled to deep center . Lindor flied out to right , Naquin to third . Mercado grounded out to pitcher . Santana grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Dozier tripled to deep center , Dozier out stretching at home . Soler singled to center . Cuthbert fouled out to first . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Kipnis lined out to third . Ramírez flied out to right . Bauers grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Maldonado singled to right center . Hamilton singled to shallow left center , Maldonado to second . Merrifield singled to center , Hamilton to second , Maldonado to third . Pérez pitching for Indians . Mondesi hit sacrifice fly to center , Maldonado scored . Gordon singled to right , Hamilton scored , Merrifield to third . Cimber pitching for Indians . Dozier lined out to shortstop . Soler lined out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Royals . Pérez walked . Luplow hit for Bradley . Pérez to second on wild pitch by Diekman . Luplow struck out swinging . Naquin singled to center , Pérez to third . Lindor hit by pitch , Naquin to second . Mercado lined out to left . Santana reached on infield single to shortstop , Pérez scored , Lindor to second , Naquin to third . Kipnis lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Luplow as designated hitter . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . López pitching for Royals . Ramírez reached on infield single to first . Bauers singled to shallow left center , Ramírez to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Luplow flied out to center , Ramírez to third . Naquin doubled to deep center , Ramírez scored , Bauers thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Hand pitching for Indians . Hamilton fouled out to third . Merrifield lined out to center . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 9 - Royals 5 .	Bauers , bullpen send Indians to 9 - 5 victory over Royals