Tigers - Top 1st . Flynn pitching for Royals . Reyes bunt grounded out to pitcher . Castro grounded out to second . Castellanos doubled to right . Stewart doubled to right , Castellanos scored . Dixon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Merrifield flied out to center . Mondesi singled to left . Mondesi stole second . Gordon flied out to left . Dozier singled to left center , Mondesi scored . Soler homered to right ( 412 feet ) , Dozier scored . Duda popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Flynn pitching for Royals . Candelario reached on infield single to third . Goodrum struck out looking . Hicks singled to center , Candelario to third . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hicks to second , Candelario out at home . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Starling struck out looking . Lopez grounded out to catcher . Gallagher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Flynn pitching for Royals . Castro singled to right . Castellanos singled to right center , Castro to third . Stewart hit by pitch , Castellanos to second . Dixon hit by pitch , Castro scored , Stewart to second , Castellanos to third . Candelario doubled to center , Castellanos scored , Dixon scored and Stewart scored . Goodrum singled to deep right , Candelario scored . López pitching for Royals . Hicks struck out swinging , Goodrum stole second . Goodrum stole third . Beckham homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Goodrum scored . Reyes lined out to right . Castro singled to center . Castellanos flied out to right . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Merrifield bunt grounded out to third . Mondesi grounded out to second . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Stewart doubled to deep left center . Dixon flied out to center . Candelario struck out swinging . Goodrum singled to shallow left , Stewart scored . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goodrum out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Dozier hit by pitch . Soler doubled to deep left , Dozier scored . Duda struck out swinging . Starling grounded out to second , Soler to third . Lopez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Beckham struck out swinging . Reyes walked . Castro doubled to deep left , Reyes scored . Castellanos struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Gallagher singled to left . Merrifield tripled to deep center , Gallagher scored . Mondesi singled to right , Merrifield scored . Gordon singled to right , Mondesi to third . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Dozier grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mondesi scored , Gordon out at second . Soler grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Dixon struck out swinging . Candelario grounded out to second . Goodrum singled to center . Hicks singled to left center , Goodrum to third . Beckham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Duda grounded out to third . Starling reached on infield single to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Gallagher doubled to left , Starling scored . Merrifield walked . Mondesi popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Reyes doubled to right . Hill pitching for Royals . Castro singled to right , Reyes scored . Castellanos struck out swinging . Stewart grounded out to third , Castro to second . Dixon doubled to deep center , Castro scored . Candelario grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Gordon flied out to left . Dozier lined out to third . Soler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Hill pitching for Royals . Goodrum singled to center . Hicks struck out swinging . Beckham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goodrum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cuthbert hit for Duda . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Starling flied out to right . Lopez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Cuthbert at first base . Peralta pitching for Royals . Reyes lined out to left . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Gallagher flied out to right . Merrifield flied out to center . Mondesi struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 12 - Royals 8 .	Tigers plate 7 runs in third , go on to beat Royals 12 - 8