White Sox - Top 1st . Keller pitching for Royals . García reached on infield single to third . Moncada reached on bunt single to third , García to second . Moncada to second on passed ball by Gallagher , García to third on passed ball by Gallagher . García scored on error by first baseman Cuthbert , Abreu safe at first , Moncada safe at third . Reed walked , Abreu to second . Castillo grounded into double play , third to first , Moncada scored , Reed to second , Abreu out at third . Jay struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Merrifield flied out to right . Cuthbert doubled to center . Dozier reached on infield single to shortstop , Cuthbert to third . Soler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soler to second , Dozier to third , Cuthbert out at home in rundown . Arteaga walked . Starling lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Keller pitching for Royals . Sánchez singled to center . Goins grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Sánchez out at second . Cordell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Lopez grounded out to second . Gallagher struck out looking . Hamilton doubled to left . Merrifield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Keller pitching for Royals . García grounded out to second . Moncada homered to left ( 358 feet ) . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Reed singled to right . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Cuthbert homered to left ( 411 feet ) . Dozier singled to center . Soler homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Dozier scored . Arteaga singled to center . Starling reached on infield single to pitcher , Arteaga to second . Lopez sacrificed to catcher , Starling to second , Arteaga to third . Covey pitching for White Sox . Gallagher hit by pitch . Hamilton singled to right , Arteaga and Starling scored , Gallagher to second . Merrifield flied out to center , Gallagher to third . Hamilton stole second . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Keller pitching for Royals . Jay struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . Goins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Dozier grounded out to third . Soler grounded out to second . Arteaga grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Keller pitching for Royals . Cordell singled to right . García sacrificed , García to first , Cordell to second . Moncada struck out looking . Abreu flied out to center . Reed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Starling doubled to right . Lopez sacrificed to first , Starling to third . Gallagher reached on bunt single to catcher , Starling scored . Hamilton flied out to right . Merrifield safe at first on error by shortstop Goins , Gallagher to second . Cuthbert lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Keller pitching for Royals . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Jay singled to left . Sánchez flied out to center . Goins walked , Jay to second . Cordell singled to left , Jay scored , Goins to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cordell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Dozier struck out swinging . Soler singled to left center . Arteaga grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Soler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Keller pitching for Royals . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu singled to right . Hill pitching for Royals . Reed grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Starling walked . Lopez struck out swinging . Starling to second on wild pitch by Ruiz . Starling to second on wild pitch by Ruiz . Starling stole third . Gallagher walked . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Hamilton struck out swinging . Merrifield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gallagher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Hill pitching for Royals . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Cuthbert singled to left . Dozier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cuthbert out at second . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Goins grounded out to second . Cordell walked . García lined out to right . Moncada singled to center , Cordell to third . Abreu singled to left , Cordell scored , Moncada to second . Reed struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Royals 6 .	Royals hold off White Sox 6 - 5 to sweep 4 - game series