Royals - Top 1st . Bieber pitching for Indians . Merrifield flied out to left . Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop , Gordon safe at first on error by shortstop Lindor . Dozier struck out swinging . Soler walked , Gordon to second . Cuthbert walked , Soler to second , Gordon to third . Gordon scored on balk , Cuthbert to second on balk , Soler to third on balk . Gordon scored on balk , Cuthbert to second on balk , Soler to third on balk . Arteaga struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Lindor singled to center . Mercado singled to left , Lindor to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercado out at second , Lindor to third . Luplow grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lindor scored , Santana out at second . Luplow caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mike Montgomery pitches to Jose Ramirez . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Lopez lined out to shortstop . Starling struck out looking . Viloria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Ramírez popped out to second . Kipnis struck out swinging . Pérez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Merrifield doubled to right center . Gordon singled to right , Merrifield to third . Dozier doubled to left , Merrifield scored , Gordon to third . Soler struck out looking . Cuthbert intentionally walked . Arteaga flied into double play , right to catcher , Dozier to third , Gordon out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Montgomery pitching for Royals . Bauers singled to right . Naquin homered to right ( 433 feet ) , Bauers scored . Lindor doubled to left center . Lindor stole third . Mercado doubled to left , Lindor scored . Flynn pitching for Royals . Santana walked . Luplow walked , Santana to second , Mercado to third . Ramírez grounded out to second , Mercado scored , Luplow to second , Santana to third . Kipnis lined out to first . Pérez lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Lopez flied out to center . Starling grounded out to second . Viloria walked . Merrifield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Bauers flied out to right . Naquin walked . Lindor hit into fielder 's choice to center , Naquin out at second in rundown . Mercado reached on infield single to shortstop , Lindor to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lindor out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Gordon lined out to center . Dozier struck out looking . Soler popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Flynn pitching for Royals . Luplow singled to left . Ramírez flied out to right . Luplow to second on wild pitch by Flynn . Kipnis singled to right , Luplow to third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to right , Luplow scored . Bauers lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Cuthbert lined out to second . Arteaga flied out to right . Lopez reached on infield single to second . Starling singled to left , Lopez to second . Viloria singled to right , Starling to second , Lopez to third . Goody pitching for Indians . Merrifield tripled to right , Lopez scored , Starling scored and Viloria scored . Gordon grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Naquin doubled to deep right . Lindor grounded out to shortstop , Naquin to third . Mercado singled to left , Naquin scored . Santana flied out to center . Luplow singled to left , Mercado to second . Luplow to second on wild pitch by McCarthy , Mercado to third on wild pitch by McCarthy . Ramírez lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Goody pitching for Indians . Dozier flied out to center . Soler fouled out to first . Cuthbert fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Hill pitching for Royals . Kipnis grounded out to catcher . Pérez struck out swinging . Bauers singled to left . Naquin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Cimber pitching for Indians . Arteaga singled to right center . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arteaga out at second . Starling struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Lindor doubled to deep center . Mercado singled to center , Lindor to third . Mercado stole second . Santana intentionally walked . Allen hit for Luplow . Allen hit by pitch , Lindor scored , Santana to second , Mercado to third . Ramírez singled to deep right , Mercado scored , Allen to second , Santana to third . Kipnis hit sacrifice fly to center , Santana scored . Pérez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Allen in left field . Pérez pitching for Indians . Viloria walked . Merrifield lined out to center . Gordon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Viloria out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - Indians 10 .	Mercado gets 5 hits , Indians top Royals 10 - 5 , 6th win in row