Phillies - Top 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Galvis struck out swinging. Asche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Phillies. Markakis flied out to left. Simmons homered to left center (412 feet). Freeman flied out to left. Johnson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Howard singled to center. Ruf struck out swinging. Herrera reached on infield single to third, Howard to second. Hernández struck out swinging. Rupp walked, Howard to third, Herrera to second. Williams popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Callaspo lined out to left. Bethancourt struck out swinging. Peterson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Revere doubled to deep center. Galvis singled to right, Revere to third. Asche struck out swinging. Howard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher to third, Revere scored, Galvis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Phillies. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. Markakis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ruf flied out to right. Herrera struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Simmons doubled to deep center. Freeman doubled to shallow left, Simmons scored. Johnson struck out looking. Callaspo singled to center, Freeman to third. Bethancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Callaspo out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Rupp flied out to left. Williams grounded out to first. Revere doubled to right center. Galvis walked. Asche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Peterson singled to center. Maybin singled to right, Peterson to third. Maybin stole second. Foltynewicz hit sacrifice fly to right, Peterson scored, Maybin to third. Markakis singled to center, Maybin scored. Simmons singled to left, Markakis to second. Diekman pitching for Phillies. Freeman doubled to deep right, Markakis and Simmons scored. Johnson grounded out to second, Freeman to third. Callaspo walked. Bethancourt struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Howard homered to center (407 feet). Ruf grounded out to third. Herrera reached on infield single to second. Hernández walked, Herrera to second. Martin pitching for Braves. Rupp popped out to second. Francoeur hit for Diekman. Francoeur singled to center, Herrera scored, Hernández to second. Johnson at third base. Avilán pitching for Braves. Gomes in left field. Revere doubled to right, Hernández scored, Francoeur to third. Galvis grounded out to catcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Gómez pitching for Phillies. Peterson walked. Maybin struck out swinging. Peterson stole second. Gomes popped out to shortstop. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Peterson scored. Simmons grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Avilan pitching for Braves. Asche struck out swinging. Howard singled to right. Ruf lined out to shortstop. Herrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Freeman singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freeman out at second. Gosselin hit for Avilán. Gosselin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Blanco hit for Araujo. Blanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Phillies. Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop. Peterson singled to center. Maybin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peterson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Revere singled to left. Galvis flied out to left. Asche struck out looking. Revere to second on fielder's indifference. Howard walked. Ruf singled to left, Revere scored, Howard to second. Herrera struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Braves 7.	Simmons, Freeman power Braves past Phillies, 7-5