Braves - Top 1st. Latos pitching for Marlins. Peterson grounded out to pitcher. Gosselin grounded out to third. Freeman singled to right. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Prado singled to center. Stanton flied out to left, Prado to second. Ozuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Prado to third. Baker walked, Ozuna to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ozuna out at third, Baker to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Latos pitching for Marlins. Simmons doubled to left. Pierzynski singled to center, Simmons scored. Cunningham singled to left, Pierzynski to second. Maybin singled to left, Pierzynski to third, Cunningham to second. Wood struck out swinging. Peterson homered to right (416 feet), Pierzynski, Cunningham and Maybin scored. Gosselin grounded out to second. Freeman lined out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Realmuto safe at first on error by first baseman Freeman. Hechavarría singled to center, Realmuto to second. Latos sacrificed to third, Realmuto to third, Hechavarría to second. Gordon grounded out to second, Realmuto scored, Hechavarría to third. Prado grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 3rd. Latos pitching for Marlins. Markakis grounded out to second. Simmons grounded out to third. Pierzynski lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Stanton homered to center (475 feet). Ozuna grounded out to first. Baker grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher. Suzuki picked off first. Realmuto batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Latos pitching for Marlins. Cunningham singled to right. Maybin reached on infield single to catcher, Cunningham to second. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Wood struck out bunting foul. Peterson struck out swinging. Gosselin reached on infield single to shortstop, Cunningham to third, Maybin to second. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Realmuto grounded out to third. Hechavarría reached on infield single to shortstop. Koehler sacrificed to catcher, Hechavarría to second. Hechavarría picked off second. Gordon batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Markakis singled to center. Simmons grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. Pierzynski lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Prado flied out to center. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Cunningham lined out to shortstop. Maybin lined out to center. Wood struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Ozuna flied out to right. Baker singled to center. Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Gosselin, Baker to second. Realmuto walked, Baker to third, Suzuki to second. Hechavarría fouled out to catcher. Solano hit for Koehler. Solano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 7th. Masset pitching for Marlins. Peterson singled to right. Gosselin grounded out to second, Peterson to second. Peterson to third on passed ball by Realmuto. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Wood pitching for Braves. Gordon lined out to second. Prado grounded out to shortstop. Stanton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Cunningham singled to left center. Cunningham safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Cishek, Cunningham out at third attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Ozuna grounded out to second. Baker singled to right. Suzuki struck out looking. Realmuto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Maybin singled to left center. Young Jr. hit for Johnson. Young Jr. grounded out to first, Maybin to second. Peterson flied out to right. Gosselin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Hechavarría doubled to deep right. Bour hit for Cishek. Bour popped out to shortstop. Gordon singled to center, Hechavarría scored. Prado struck out swinging. Stanton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Marlins 3.	Peterson's slam helps Braves offset Stanton's shot, Marlins