Braves - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Peterson grounded out to second. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Freeman singled to shallow left. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Pederson doubled to center. Rollins bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Pederson out at second. Kendrick struck out looking. González singled to left center, Rollins to third. Turner hit by pitch, González to second. Ethier walked, Rollins scored, González to third, Turner to second. Van Slyke popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. Simmons flied out to center. Ciriaco singled to right. Bethancourt singled to right center, Ciriaco to second. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Ellis grounded out to first. Anderson struck out looking. Pederson singled to right. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Peterson grounded out to second. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Braves. Kendrick singled to right. González popped out to second. Turner singled to center, Kendrick to second. Ethier singled to shallow left, Kendrick to third, Turner to second. Van Slyke grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ethier out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Markakis grounded out to second. Gomes singled to left. Simmons grounded out to pitcher, Gomes to second. Ciriaco singled to shallow center, Gomes scored, Ciriaco to second advancing on throw. Bethancourt intentionally walked. Pérez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Braves. Ellis struck out swinging. Anderson struck out looking. Pederson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Peterson singled to center. Peterson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Maybin walked. Maybin to second on wild pitch by Anderson. Freeman singled to right, Maybin scored. Markakis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Freeman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Braves. Rollins lined out to left. Kendrick grounded out to second. González singled to right. Turner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Gomes grounded out to first. Simmons lined out to center. Ciriaco lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Braves. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. Van Slyke struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Anderson pitching for Dodgers. Bethancourt grounded out to first. Young Jr. hit for Pérez. Young Jr. grounded out to third. Peterson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Avilán pitching for Braves. Uribe hit for Anderson. Uribe walked. Pederson singled to shallow left, Uribe to second. Rollins bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Uribe out at third, Pederson to second. Kendrick walked, Pederson to third, Rollins to second. González grounded out to pitcher, Pederson scored, Rollins to third, Kendrick to second. Masset pitching for Braves. Turner grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Liberatore pitching for Dodgers. Maybin flied out to right. Freeman grounded out to second. Markakis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Braves. Ethier homered to center (426 feet). Van Slyke struck out swinging. Ellis walked. Guerrero hit for Liberatore. Guerrero homered to left center (391 feet), Ellis scored. Pederson grounded out to second. Rollins homered to right (373 feet). Cahill pitching for Braves. Kendrick walked. González struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Hatcher pitching for Dodgers. Gomes doubled to shallow left. Simmons singled to right, Gomes to third. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Bethancourt grounded out to third, Gomes scored, Simmons to third. Cunningham hit for Cahill. Cunningham grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Dodgers 6.	Homer happy: Dodgers hit 3 in 8th to beat Braves 6-3