Braves - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Peterson grounded out to shortstop. Maybin grounded out to second. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Panik lined out to center. Pence reached on infield single to third. Belt walked, Pence to second. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Markakis singled to right. Uribe walked, Markakis to second. Cunningham grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uribe out at second, Markakis to third. Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis scored, Cunningham to second. Bethancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Simmons out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Pagán singled to center. Duffy grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Pagán out at second. Susac walked. Lincecum grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Susac out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Pérez struck out swinging. Peterson singled to center. Peterson stole second, Peterson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Susac. Maybin singled to right, Peterson scored. Freeman struck out swinging. Maybin stole second. Markakis flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Braves. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Panik struck out swinging. Pence flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Uribe doubled to left. Cunningham grounded out to second, Uribe to third. Simmons struck out swinging. Bethancourt singled to left center, Uribe scored. Pérez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Braves. Belt grounded out to first. Crawford struck out looking. Pagán grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Peterson doubled to deep center. Maybin popped out to first. Freeman singled to left, Peterson scored. Markakis walked, Freeman to second. Kontos pitching for Giants. Uribe grounded out to third, Freeman to third, Markakis to second. Cunningham grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Braves. Duffy flied out to center. Susac grounded out to catcher. Maxwell hit for Kontos. Maxwell singled to center. Aoki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Giants. Simmons grounded out to second. Bethancourt lined out to shortstop. Pérez reached on infield single to third. Peterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Braves. Panik walked. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Panik out at second. Belt singled to right, Pence to third. Crawford struck out swinging. Pagán grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Giants. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Braves. Duffy grounded out to second. Susac walked. Blanco hit for Petit. Blanco lined out to center. Aoki lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Machí pitching for Giants. Blanco in left field. Uribe singled to right. Uribe stole second. Cunningham struck out swinging. Simmons singled to center, Uribe scored, Simmons to second advancing on throw. Bethancourt lined out to right. Johnson hit for Pérez. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Avilán pitching for Braves. Panik singled to center. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Panik out at second. Belt struck out swinging. Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher, Pence to second, Pence to third, Crawford to second on throwing error by pitcher Avilán. Johnson pitching for Braves. Pagán grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Machi pitching for Giants. Peterson tripled to right. Maybin singled to center, Peterson scored. Freeman flied out to left. Markakis struck out swinging. Uribe homered to left (409 feet), Maybin scored. Cunningham flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. Susac struck out swinging. Blanco singled to center. Arias hit for Machí. Arias singled to center, Blanco to second. Panik grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arias out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Giants 0.	Perez earns first major league win, Uribe homers for Braves