Padres - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Venable lined out to right. Spangenberg grounded out to first. Upton walked. Alonso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Peterson grounded out to pitcher. Maybin struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. Upton Jr. flied out to right. Amarista singled to center. Hedges struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Markakis singled to left. Johnson grounded out to third, Markakis to second. Johnson singled to deep right, Markakis scored. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pierzynski safe at first on error by pitcher Ross. Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Ross. Simmons singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Simmons thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Braves. Ross struck out looking. Venable flied out to left. Spangenberg doubled to right. Upton hit by pitch. Alonso walked, Spangenberg to third, Upton to second. Middlebrooks lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Pérez singled to deep right. Peterson singled to right, Pérez to second. Maybin walked, Pérez to third, Peterson to second. Freeman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pérez scored, Maybin out at second, Peterson to third. Markakis walked. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Braves. Upton Jr. lined out to left. Amarista grounded out to second. Hedges grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Johnson singled to left. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second. Simmons grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pierzynski out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Braves. Ross reached on infield single to catcher, Ross to second on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski. Venable lined out to center. Spangenberg doubled to deep left, Ross scored. Upton struck out swinging. Alonso flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Pérez struck out swinging. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin singled to deep right. Maybin to second on wild pitch by Ross. Freeman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks grounded out to shortstop. Upton Jr. struck out swinging. Amarista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Markakis singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Braves. Hedges popped out to shortstop. Solarte hit for Ross. Solarte struck out swinging. Venable grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Kelley pitching for Padres. Pierzynski singled to center. Simmons lined out to left. Cunningham hit for Pérez. Cunningham reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pierzynski to second. Peterson walked, Pierzynski to third, Cunningham to second. Maybin singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Cunningham to third, Peterson to second. Garcés pitching for Padres. Freeman flied out to left. Markakis flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Johnson at third base. Cunningham in left field. Spangenberg reached on infield single to shortstop. Upton struck out swinging. Alonso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Spangenberg out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Uribe hit for Cunniff. Uribe grounded out to second. Johnson singled to right center. Pierzynski singled to right center, Johnson to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierzynski out at second, Johnson to third. Cunningham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Uribe at third base. Johnson pitching for Braves. Middlebrooks flied out to center. Upton Jr. grounded out to third. Amarista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 1 - Braves 4.	Perez throws 7 strong innings as Braves top Padres 4-1