Braves - Top 1st. Gee pitching for Mets. Peterson singled to left. Maybin struck out swinging. Peterson stole second. Freeman singled to right, Peterson scored. Markakis flied out to left. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Granderson singled to right. Lagares singled to center, Granderson to third. Duda lined out to third. Granderson scored, Lagares to second on passed ball by Bethancourt. d'Arnaud struck out swinging. Flores flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Gee pitching for Mets. Johnson doubled to deep center. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bethancourt singled to center, Johnson to third. Foltynewicz struck out bunting foul. Peterson homered to right (388 feet), Johnson and Bethancourt scored. Maybin flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ceciliani fouled out to left. Tejada doubled to left. Herrera fouled out to first. Gee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Gee pitching for Mets. Freeman lined out to left. Markakis singled to center. Uribe singled to center, Markakis to second. Johnson singled to right, Markakis scored, Uribe to third. Simmons lined out to third. Bethancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Granderson singled to right center. Lagares grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. Duda singled to center, Lagares to third. d'Arnaud walked, Duda to second. Lagares out at home on runner's fielder's choice, Duda to third, d'Arnaud to second on runner's fielder's choice. Flores singled to right, Duda and d'Arnaud scored, Flores thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Gee pitching for Mets. Foltynewicz struck out swinging. Peterson doubled to center. Maybin struck out swinging. Freeman intentionally walked. Markakis hit ground rule double to deep right, Peterson scored, Freeman to third. Uribe reached on infield single to second, Freeman scored, Markakis to third. Torres pitching for Mets. Johnson singled to right, Markakis scored, Uribe to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Ceciliani homered to right (396 feet). Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Herrera homered to left (372 feet). Mayberry Jr. hit for Torres. Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Granderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Gilmartin pitching for Mets. Bethancourt struck out swinging. Foltynewicz grounded out to second. Peterson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Foltynewicz pitching for Braves. Lagares grounded out to shortstop. Duda singled to left center. Cunniff pitching for Braves. d'Arnaud homered to left (386 feet), Duda scored. Flores walked. Ceciliani walked, Flores to second. Tejada struck out swinging. Herrera struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Gilmartin pitching for Mets. Maybin struck out swinging. Freeman grounded out to first. Markakis walked. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Avilán pitching for Braves. Cuddyer hit for Gilmartin. Cuddyer singled to center. Granderson singled to right, Cuddyer to second. Lagares homered to left (368 feet), Cuddyer and Granderson scored. Duda struck out swinging. d'Arnaud grounded out to pitcher. Flores struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Johnson walked. Simmons flied out to center. Bethancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Aardsma pitching for Braves. Ceciliani flied out to right. Tejada flied out to center. Herrera walked. Campbell hit for Parnell. Herrera stole second. Campbell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Robles pitching for Mets. Cunningham hit for Aardsma. Cunningham popped out to second. Peterson flied out to center. Maybin singled to center. Familia pitching for Mets. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Eveland pitching for Braves. Granderson struck out swinging. Lagares doubled to center. Duda struck out swinging. d'Arnaud grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Familia pitching for Mets. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Uribe singled to right center. Johnson lined out to center. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 8 - Mets 10.	Mets hit 4 HRs, rally from 5 down to beat Braves 10-8