Red Sox - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Pedroia struck out swinging. Holt singled to center. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holt out at second. Ramírez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Peterson doubled to deep center. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peterson out at third. Freeman flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Sandoval singled to left. Napoli walked, Sandoval to second. Betts sacrificed to pitcher, Sandoval to third, Napoli to second. Swihart struck out swinging. Kelly grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Uribe struck out swinging. Johnson flied out to center. Pierzynski walked. Ciriaco singled to center, Pierzynski to second. Wood grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Pedroia flied out to left. Holt struck out swinging. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Peterson walked. Maybin lined out to left. Freeman grounded out to second, Peterson to second. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Ramírez singled to left. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to left, Ramírez safe at second on error by third baseman Uribe. Napoli fouled out to first. Betts flied out to right, Ramírez to third. Swihart walked, Sandoval to second. Kelly reached on infield single to second, Ramírez scored, Sandoval to third, Swihart to second. Pedroia flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Uribe singled to center. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to catcher, Uribe to second. Ciriaco singled to right, Uribe scored, Ciriaco to second on error by second baseman Pedroia. Wood struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Holt struck out swinging. Bogaerts grounded out to third. Ramírez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Peterson grounded out to second. Maybin grounded out to pitcher. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Sandoval struck out swinging. Napoli homered to center (441 feet). Betts flied out to right. Swihart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Kelly pitching for Red Sox. Markakis walked. Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop, Markakis to second. Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uribe out at second, Markakis to third. Ogando pitching for Red Sox. Ciriaco singled to left, Markakis scored, Pierzynski to second. Gomes hit for Wood. Gomes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Masset pitching for Braves. Johnson at first base. Gomes in left field. Castillo hit for Ogando. Castillo grounded out to third. Pedroia grounded out to third. Holt singled to center. Bogaerts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Peterson flied out to right. Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop. Castro hit for Masset. Castro singled to right, Maybin to third. Markakis singled to left, Maybin scored, Castro to second. Uribe walked, Castro to third, Markakis to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castro out at home, Markakis to third, Uribe to second. Layne pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski walked, Markakis scored, Uribe to third, Johnson to second. Ciriaco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Braves. Ramírez grounded out to first. Sandoval singled to left. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sandoval out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Gomes walked. Peterson sacrificed to second, Gomes to second. Maybin singled to left, Gomes scored. Johnson hit for Johnson. Johnson flied out to center. Maybin stole second. Markakis struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Braves. Betts singled to left. Swihart struck out swinging. Ortiz hit for Breslow. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. Betts to second on fielder's indifference. Pedroia popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 2 - Braves 5.	Markakis, Ciriaco power Braves past Red Sox 5-2