Braves - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Peterson flied out to center. Maybin struck out swinging. Markakis singled to center. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Span doubled to deep right center. Rendon singled to right, Span scored. Escobar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rendon out at second. Harper lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to right. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Ramos grounded out to second. Espinosa flied out to left. Moore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Wood struck out swinging. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Taylor singled to center, Taylor to second on error by center fielder Maybin. Taylor stole third. Strasburg grounded out to pitcher. Span singled to left, Taylor scored. Rendon singled to left center, Span to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon out at second, Span to third. Harper lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Markakis singled to right. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second. Uribe struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Ramos singled to left. Espinosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramos out at second. Moore walked, Espinosa to second. Taylor singled to left, Espinosa scored, Moore to second. Strasburg sacrificed to first, Moore to third, Taylor to second. Span lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Simmons grounded out to catcher. Pérez doubled to deep left center. Wood walked. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Rendon singled to right. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rendon out at second. Harper grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Markakis lined out to left. Pierzynski popped out to shortstop. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Ramos singled to left. Espinosa struck out swinging. Moore flied out to center. Taylor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramos out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Roark pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Simmons grounded out to third. Pérez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Uggla hit for Roark. Wood pitching for Braves. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Span lined out to center. Rendon singled to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rendon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for Nationals. Gomes hit for Wood. Gomes flied out to left. Peterson struck out swinging. Maybin homered to center (415 feet). Markakis singled to right center. Pierzynski singled to right, Markakis to second. Carpenter pitching for Nationals. Uribe flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Eveland pitching for Braves. Harper grounded out to first. Cunniff pitching for Braves. Ramos doubled to deep left center. Espinosa singled to shallow left, Ramos to third. Moore struck out swinging. Taylor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Terdoslavich hit for Johnson. Terdoslavich grounded out to second. Simmons singled to shallow center. Pérez struck out swinging. Johnson hit for Cunniff. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Simmons to second. Peterson walked, Simmons to third, Johnson to second. Maybin fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 1 - Nationals 3.	Strasburg solid in return as Nats top Braves