Braves - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Peterson struck out swinging. Pérez doubled to deep left. Markakis walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Wood pitching for Braves. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Gomes grounded out to pitcher. Simmons grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Wood pitching for Braves. Arenado singled to center. González singled to right, Arenado to third. Rosario struck out swinging. Hundley singled to left, Arenado scored, González to second. Stubbs walked, González to third, Hundley to second. Bettis bunted into fielder's choice to first, González out at home, Hundley to third, Stubbs to second. Blackmon singled to left center, Hundley and Stubbs scored, Bettis to second. Bettis to third, Blackmon to second on wild pitch by Wood. LeMahieu struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Wood walked. Peterson grounded out to third, Wood to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Wood pitching for Braves. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Arenado lined out to left. González grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Johnson walked. Uribe flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Wood pitching for Braves. Rosario flied out to right. Hundley grounded out to second. Stubbs tripled to deep left center. Bettis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Gomes lined out to center. Simmons singled to center. Wood struck out bunting foul. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Wood pitching for Braves. Blackmon reached on infield single to first. LeMahieu flied out to right. Tulowitzki flied out to center, Blackmon to second. Arenado intentionally walked. González grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Pérez reached on bunt single to first. Markakis walked, Pérez to second. Johnson singled to right, Pérez scored, Markakis to second. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second, Markakis to third. Pierzynski singled to center, Markakis scored, Uribe to second. Gomes hit ground rule double to deep right, Uribe scored, Pierzynski to third. Simmons intentionally walked. Wood struck out looking. Peterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Simmons out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Braves. Rosario singled to center. Hundley singled to left center, Rosario to second. Stubbs sacrificed to third, Rosario to third, Hundley to second. McKenry hit for Bettis. McKenry struck out swinging. Blackmon singled to right center, Rosario and Hundley scored. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to third. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Tulowitzki homered to left (409 feet), Blackmon and LeMahieu scored. Arenado struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Barnes in right field. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Pérez singled to right. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Braves. Barnes doubled to deep center. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. Stubbs homered to left center (409 feet), Barnes scored. Rusin reached on infield single to first. Blackmon flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Pierzynski flied out to center. Gomes walked. Simmons singled to center, Gomes to second. Ciriaco hit for Carpenter. Ciriaco flied out to left. Peterson grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Brigham pitching for Braves. LeMahieu singled to left. Descalso hit for Tulowitzki. Descalso singled to right, LeMahieu to second. Arenado singled to center, LeMahieu scored, Descalso to second. Barnes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Arenado out at second, Descalso to third. Rosario struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Descalso at shortstop. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Pérez lined out to left. Maybin hit for Markakis. Maybin walked. Johnson struck out swinging. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 3 - Rockies 11.	Tulowitzki homers as Rockies sweep Braves, 11-3.