Yankees - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Braves. Ellsbury flied out to center. Gardner lined out to shortstop. Beltrán singled to center. McCann walked, Beltrán to second. Bird walked, Beltrán to third, McCann to second. Headley hit ground rule double to deep left center, Beltrán and McCann scored, Bird to third. Gregorius homered to right (405 feet), Bird and Headley scored. Drew struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to right. Maybin walked, Markakis to second. Freeman singled to right, Markakis scored, Maybin to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Maybin scored. García singled to left, Freeman to second. Peterson flied out to center, Freeman to third. Bethancourt flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Braves. Tanaka grounded out to second. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Gardner singled to center. Beltrán singled to right, Gardner to second. McCann walked, Gardner to third, Beltrán to second. Detwiler pitching for Braves. Bird walked, Gardner scored, Beltrán to third, McCann to second. Headley walked, Beltrán scored, McCann to third, Bird to second. Gregorius singled to left, McCann and Bird scored, Headley to third, Gregorius to second advancing on throw. Drew intentionally walked. Tanaka struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Simmons struck out looking. Detwiler struck out looking. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Braves. Ellsbury hit by pitch. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellsbury out at second. Beltrán grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gardner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Maybin lined out to first. Freeman homered to center (444 feet). Swisher grounded out to first. García grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for Braves. McCann grounded out to second. Bird singled to deep center. Headley struck out swinging. Gregorius reached on infield single to second, Bird to second. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Peterson flied out to center. Bethancourt struck out swinging. Simmons grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Tanaka walked. Ellsbury flied out to right. Gardner flied out to left. Beltrán grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tanaka out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Lavarnway hit for Marksberry. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Lavarnway struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Marimon pitching for Braves. McCann walked. Bird grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCann out at second. Headley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Freeman grounded out to third. Swisher grounded out to second. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Ray Marimon pitching for Braves. Gregorius flied out to right. Drew flied out to center. Tanaka grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Peterson flied out to center. Bethancourt grounded out to second. Simmons doubled to deep center. Bourn hit for Marimon. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. McKirahan pitching for Braves. Ellsbury singled to left. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellsbury out at second. Beltrán doubled to deep right, Gardner to third. McCann homered to right (372 feet), Gardner and Beltrán scored. Bird grounded out to shortstop. Headley hit ground rule double to deep right. Gregorius singled to center, Headley scored. Drew struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Young in left field. Gardner in center field. Wilson pitching for Yankees. Markakis struck out looking. Maybin struck out swinging. Freeman walked. McCann at first base. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Murphy catching. Swisher lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Gomes pitching for Braves. Young homered to left (401 feet). Murphy doubled to left. Gardner doubled to deep center, Murphy to third. Ryan hit for Beltrán. Ryan flied out to center. McCann hit sacrifice fly to left, Murphy scored. Mitchell struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Ryan in right field. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. García grounded out to shortstop. Peterson walked. Peterson to second on passed ball by Murphy. Bethancourt singled to right, Peterson scored. Simmons popped out to first. Gomes reached on infield single to third, Bethancourt to second. Markakis flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 15 - Braves 4.	Gregorius has 6 RBIs, Yankees roll to 15-4 win over Braves