Braves - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Markakis doubled to deep center. Peterson popped out to second. Freeman walked. Pierzynski flied out to left. Swisher singled to right, Markakis scored, Freeman to third, Swisher to second on missed catch error by pitcher Ross. García grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Banuelos pitching for Braves. Werth struck out swinging. Rendon struck out swinging. Harper popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Simmons grounded out to third. Bourn grounded out to first. Bañuelos grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Banuelos pitching for Braves. Escobar singled to left. Desmond walked, Escobar to second. Ramos struck out looking. Taylor doubled to deep left, Escobar and Desmond scored. Moore lined out to right. Ross hit by pitch. Werth homered to left (380 feet), Taylor and Ross scored. Rendon grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Markakis singled to left. Peterson flied out to center. Freeman flied out to left. Pierzynski lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Banuelos pitching for Braves. Harper homered to center (395 feet). Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop. Marimon pitching for Braves. Desmond walked, Escobar to second. Ramos lined out to left. Taylor safe at first on error by center fielder Bourn, Escobar to third, Desmond to second. Moore safe at first on error by third baseman García, Escobar scored, Desmond to third, Taylor to second. Ross grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Moore out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Swisher walked. García grounded out to pitcher, Swisher to second. Simmons grounded out to second, Swisher to third. Bourn reached on infield single to first, Swisher scored. Marimon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Ray Marimon pitching for Braves. Werth fouled out to first. Rendon homered to left center (404 feet). Harper walked. Escobar flied out to center. Desmond struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Markakis grounded out to second. Peterson doubled to deep right. Freeman walked. Solis pitching for Nationals. Pierzynski singled to center, Peterson scored, Freeman to third. Swisher hit sacrifice fly to center, Freeman scored, Pierzynski to second. García struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Castro at third base. Ramos struck out swinging. Taylor safe at first on error by third baseman Castro. Moore flied out to center. Robinson hit for Solis. Robinson hit by pitch, Taylor to second. Werth flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Janssen pitching for Nationals. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Bourn struck out swinging, Bourn safe at first on passed ball by Ramos. Castro grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Rivero pitching for Nationals. Markakis lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Wisler pitching for Braves. Rendon walked. Harper grounded out to pitcher, Rendon to second. Escobar lined out to left. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Vazquez pitching for Nationals. Peterson grounded out to second. Freeman struck out swinging. Pierzynski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Moylan pitching for Braves. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. Taylor reached on infield single to third. Moore grounded out to pitcher, Taylor to second. Uggla hit for Rivero. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Storen pitching for Nationals. Swisher walked. Ciriaco hit for Moylan. Ciriaco struck out swinging. Simmons struck out swinging. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Braves. Werth lined out to right. Rendon struck out looking. Harper singled to left. Escobar singled to right, Harper to third. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Nationals. Castro singled to right. Markakis struck out looking. Peterson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Nationals 8.	Nationals sweep Braves 8-4, gain ground on Mets in NL East