Braves - Top 1st. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Markakis homered to right center (419 feet). Castro singled to center. Freeman singled to center, Castro to second. Pierzynski reached on infield single to second, Castro to third, Freeman to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castro scored, Pierzynski out at second, Freeman to third. Maybin singled to center, Freeman scored, Simmons to third. Olivera hit sacrifice fly to left, Simmons scored. Bourn flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Weber pitching for Braves. Gordon reached on infield single to first. Yelich doubled to deep right, Gordon to third. Prado singled to right, Gordon scored, Yelich to third. Bour homered to right (412 feet), Yelich and Prado scored. Ozuna reached on infield single to pitcher, Ozuna to second on throwing error by pitcher Weber. Dietrich grounded out to second, Ozuna to third. Mathis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ozuna out at home. Rojas singled to center, Mathis to second. Fernández grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Weber struck out looking. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Castro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Weber pitching for Braves. Gordon bunt grounded out to catcher. Yelich walked. Prado flied out to right. Yelich caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bour batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Freeman lined out to first. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Simmons lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Weber pitching for Braves. Bour doubled to left center. Ozuna reached on infield single to third. Dietrich singled to left, Bour to third, Ozuna to second. Kelly pitching for Braves. Mathis doubled to left, Bour, Ozuna and Dietrich scored. Rojas grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mathis out at third. Fernández grounded out to pitcher, Rojas to second. Gordon reached on infield single to second, Rojas tagged out at third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Maybin struck out swinging. Olivera singled to left. Bourn singled to left, Olivera to second. Cunningham hit for Kelly. Cunningham lined out to left. Markakis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Marimon pitching for Braves. Yelich tripled to deep center. Prado singled to left, Yelich scored. Bour singled to center, Prado to third. Ozuna grounded into double play, third to second to first, Prado scored, Bour out at second. Dietrich doubled to deep center. Mathis tripled to deep center, Dietrich scored. Rojas singled to center, Mathis scored. Fernández flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Castro popped out to shortstop. Freeman singled to right. Pierzynski walked, Freeman to second. Simmons doubled to left, Freeman scored, Pierzynski to third. Maybin hit sacrifice fly to center, Pierzynski scored. Olivera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. McKirahan pitching for Braves. Lavarnway catching. Gordon singled to right. Gordon stole second. Yelich singled to right center, Gordon scored. Prado grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. Bour grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Bourn singled to left. Lavarnway grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bourn out at second. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. García in left field. Bourn in right field. McKirahan pitching for Braves. Ozuna flied out to center. Dietrich grounded out to second. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Ellington pitching for Marlins. Castro walked. Freeman homered to right center (419 feet), Castro scored. Ciriaco hit for McKirahan. Ciriaco flied out to right. Simmons popped out to third. Maybin grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Burawa pitching for Braves. Rojas singled to shallow right. Telis hit for Ellington. Telis grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rojas out at second. Gordon grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rienzo pitching for Marlins. Olivera reached on infield single to third. Bourn singled to shallow left, Olivera to second. Lavarnway struck out swinging. García doubled to left, Olivera and Bourn scored. Morris pitching for Marlins. Castro singled to right, García to third. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Freeman walked, Castro to second. Swisher hit for Burawa. Swisher walked, García scored, Castro to third, Freeman to second. Wisler ran for Swisher. Barraclough pitching for Marlins. Simmons struck out swinging. Maybin grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Marksberry pitching for Braves. Yelich struck out swinging. Prado walked. Bour flied out to center. Jackson pitching for Braves. Ozuna flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Suzuki in left field. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Olivera singled to left. Bourn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Olivera out at second. Lavarnway struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 11 - Marlins 12.	Fernandez 1st to win first 17 home decisions