Twins - Top 1st . Civale pitching for Indians . Arraez grounded out to second . Donaldson grounded out to second . Buxton reached on infield single to third . Cruz tripled to deep right , Buxton scored . Kirilloff singled to deep left , Cruz scored , Kirilloff out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Maeda pitching for Twins . Hernandez struck out swinging . Luplow grounded out to third . Ramírez homered to right ( 411 feet ) . Rosario grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Civale pitching for Indians . Astudillo grounded out to pitcher . Cave singled to left . Garver struck out looking . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Reyes homered to left ( 452 feet ) . Naylor grounded out to shortstop . Bauers grounded out to second . Pérez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Civale pitching for Indians . Arraez grounded out to first . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Buxton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Maeda pitching for Twins . Giménez grounded out to second . Hernandez doubled to right . Luplow struck out swinging . Hernandez scored on error , Ramírez safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Kirilloff , Ramírez safe at second on error . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Civale pitching for Indians . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop , Cruz safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Giménez . Kirilloff struck out swinging . Astudillo singled to right center , Cruz scored . Cave doubled to left center , Astudillo to third . Garver grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cave to third , Astudillo out at home . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garver out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Reyes singled to shallow center . Naylor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . Bauers singled to right . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bauers out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Civale pitching for Indians . Arraez grounded out to first . Donaldson grounded out to shortstop . Buxton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Giménez grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez grounded out to second . Luplow flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Civale pitching for Indians . Cruz lined out to first . Kirilloff grounded out to second . Astudillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Maeda pitching for Twins . Ramírez grounded out to first . Rosario grounded out to second . Reyes homered to left ( 434 feet ) . Naylor doubled to deep center . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Bauers doubled to deep right , Naylor scored . Pérez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Civale pitching for Indians . Cave struck out swinging . Garver lined out to right . Simmons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Thielbar pitching for Twins . Giménez flied out to center . Hernandez struck out swinging . Stashak pitching for Twins . Luplow walked . Ramírez walked , Luplow to second . Rosario fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Civale pitching for Indians . Arraez struck out swinging . Donaldson grounded out to third . Buxton homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Colomé pitching for Twins . Reyes struck out looking . Naylor hit by pitch . Bauers walked , Naylor to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Giménez walked , Bauers to second , Naylor to third . Hernandez walked , Naylor scored , Giménez to second , Bauers to third . Alcala pitching for Twins . Luplow hit by pitch , Bauers scored , Hernandez to second , Giménez to third . Ramírez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Kirilloff lined out to right . Astudillo popped out to first . Cave struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Indians 7 .	Reyes homers twice as Indians hand slumping Twins 7 - 4 loss