Indians - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Hernandez struck out looking . Rosario flied out to left . Ramírez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Mullins homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Mancini struck out looking . Santander flied out to left . Galvis fouled out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Rosario walked . Ramírez lined out to second . Naylor grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Mountcastle singled to center . Stewart singled to center , Mountcastle to second . Franco flied out to left . Urías hit by pitch , Stewart to second , Mountcastle to third . Wynns singled to right , Mountcastle scored , Urías to second , Stewart to third . Mullins singled to center , Stewart scored , Wynns to second , Urías to third . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Urías scored on throwing error by pitcher Quantrill and Wynns scored on error , Mancini second , Mullins safe at third on error . Sandlin pitching for Indians . Santander doubled to right , Mancini scored and Mullins scored . Galvis grounded out to pitcher . Mountcastle struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Chang hit ground rule double to deep right . Bradley doubled to deep center , Chang scored . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher , Bradley to third . Rosario lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hentges pitching for Indians . Stewart singled to center . Franco singled to center , Stewart to second . Urías struck out looking . Wynns grounded into double play , third to second to first , Franco out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ramírez walked . Rosario flied out to center . Ramírez hit by pitch , Ramírez to second . Naylor walked , Ramírez to second , Ramírez to third . Chang grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Naylor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hentges pitching for Indians . Mullins doubled to deep right center , Mullins out stretching at third . Mancini struck out swinging . Santander singled to center . Galvis singled to right , Santander to second . Mountcastle reached on infield single to shortstop , Santander scored , Galvis to second . Stewart singled to shallow right , Galvis scored , Mountcastle to second . Stewart to second on wild pitch by Hentges , Mountcastle to third on wild pitch by Hentges . Franco singled to center , Mountcastle scored and Stewart scored , Franco to second . Urías singled to right , Franco scored . Stephan pitching for Indians . Wynns flied out to center . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Bradley reached on infield single to third . Rivera lined out to shortstop . Bradley to second on wild pitch by López . Hernandez grounded out to second , Bradley to third . Rosario homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Bradley scored . Ramírez lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Stephan pitching for Indians . Mullins walked . Mancini struck out swinging . Santander grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Mullins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Rosario popped out to third . Ramírez singled to center . Naylor flied out to right . Chang lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Miller at second base . Zimmer in center field . Ramírez in left field . Stephan pitching for Indians . Galvis flied out to left . Mountcastle flied out to center . Stewart walked . McKenna ran for Stewart . Franco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . McKenna in right field . Wells pitching for Orioles . Bradley grounded out to first . Rivera struck out swinging . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Nelson pitching for Indians . Urías flied out to right . Wynns singled to center . Mullins walked , Wynns to second . Mancini hit into fielder 's choice to right , Mullins out at second , Wynns to third . Santander singled to center , Wynns scored , Mancini to second . Galvis singled to right , Mancini scored , Santander to third . Wilkerson ran for Galvis . Mountcastle doubled to deep left , Santander scored , Wilkerson to third . McKenna singled to center , Wilkerson scored and Mountcastle scored . Franco flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Wilkerson at second base . Urías at shortstop . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Rosario struck out swinging . Ramírez singled to center . Zimmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramírez out at second . Ramírez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Urías homered to right ( 386 feet ) . Wynns struck out swinging . Mullins lined out to left . Mancini lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Lowther pitching for Orioles . Naylor doubled to deep right center . Chang struck out swinging . Bradley homered to left ( 398 feet ) , Naylor scored . Rivera struck out swinging . Miller lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 5 - Orioles 18 .	Orioles score most runs since 2015 , blow out Indians 18 - 5