Indians - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez walked . Rosario tripled to deep center , Hernandez scored . Ramírez grounded out to first , Rosario scored . Rosario fouled out to third . Bradley lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Bieber pitching for Indians . Edman grounded out to pitcher . Carlson grounded out to first . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Naylor flied out to left . Hedges singled to center . Zimmer struck out looking . Bieber struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Arenado lined out to left . O'Neill reached on infield single to shortstop . Carpenter struck out looking . Sosa singled to right , O'Neill to third . Knizner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez singled to shallow right center . Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Martínez . Rosario singled to right , Hernandez to third . Ramírez homered to right ( 425 feet ) , Hernandez scored and Rosario scored . Rosario struck out swinging . Bradley struck out swinging . Naylor singled to center . Hedges singled to left , Naylor to second . Zimmer struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Bieber pitching for Indians . Martínez struck out swinging . Edman grounded out to shortstop . Carlson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Bieber struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to first . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Arenado struck out swinging . O'Neill walked . Carpenter hit by pitch , O'Neill to second . Sosa singled to right , O'Neill scored , Carpenter to second . Knizner walked , Sosa to second , Carpenter to third . Nogowski hit for Martínez . Nogowski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Knizner out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez singled to left . Ramírez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rosario singled to center . Rosario stole second . Bradley grounded out to second , Rosario to third . Naylor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Bieber pitching for Indians . Edman struck out looking . Carlson lined out to center . Goldschmidt singled to center . Arenado fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Hedges walked . Zimmer hit by pitch , Hedges to second . Bieber grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmer out at second , Hedges to third . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to left , Hedges scored . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bieber out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Bieber pitching for Indians . O'Neill grounded out to second . Carpenter singled to shallow right center . Sosa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at second . Knizner fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Ramírez grounded out to second . Rosario singled to right . Bradley flied out to center . Naylor flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Rondón hit for Ponce de Leon . Rondón struck out swinging . Edman grounded out to first . Carlson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Elledge pitching for Cardinals . Hedges grounded out to shortstop . Zimmer struck out swinging . Miller hit for Shaw . Miller walked . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Clase pitching for Indians . Goldschmidt walked . Arenado struck out swinging . O'Neill struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Sosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Fernandez pitching for Cardinals . Rosario singled to right . Ramírez doubled to deep right , Rosario to third . Rosario reached on infield single to second , Rosario scored and Ramírez scored . Bradley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosario out at second . Naylor doubled to deep center , Bradley to third . Hedges struck out swinging . Zimmer singled to center , Bradley scored and Naylor scored . Chang hit for Clase . Chang struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Sandlin pitching for Indians . Knizner struck out swinging . Thomas hit for Fernandez . Thomas struck out looking . Edman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 10 - Cardinals 1 .	Ramírez , Bieber boost Indians , hand Cards 6th straight loss