Orioles - Top 1st . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Mullins flied out to center . Mancini grounded out to third . Santander popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Hernandez walked . Rosario struck out looking . Ramírez grounded out to first , Hernandez to second . Rosario safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Wilkerson , Hernandez safe at third on error . Bradley singled to center , Hernandez scored , Rosario to third . Naylor grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Stewart struck out swinging . Hays grounded out to shortstop . Galvis singled to deep right . Franco doubled to deep left center , Galvis scored . Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Clement grounded out to shortstop . Zimmer popped out to second . Hedges safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Franco . Hernandez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 3rd . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Wynns safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rosario . Mullins flied out to right . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wynns out at second . Santander singled to right , Mancini to third . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Rosario singled to right center . Ramírez flied out to left . Rosario flied out to center . Rosario stole second . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Quantrill pitching for Indians . Hays lined out to center . Galvis struck out swinging . Franco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Naylor doubled to deep right center . Clement singled to center , Naylor scored on throwing error by center fielder Mullins , Clement to third . Zimmer singled to shallow right , Clement scored . Hedges lined out to right . Hernandez walked , Zimmer to second . Rosario singled to right center , Zimmer scored , Hernandez to third . Sulser pitching for Orioles . Ramírez fouled out to catcher . Rosario doubled to right , Rosario scored and Hernandez scored , Rosario to third . Bradley flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Parker pitching for Indians . Wilkerson struck out looking . Wynns fouled out to catcher . Mullins reached on infield single to first . Mancini doubled to left center , Mullins scored . Santander struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Naylor struck out looking . Clement grounded out to pitcher . Zimmer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Maton pitching for Indians . Stewart reached on infield single to pitcher . Hays struck out swinging . Galvis singled to left center , Stewart to second . Franco struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Hedges lined out to shortstop . Hernandez singled to right . Rosario singled to center , Hernandez to second . Ramírez fouled out to first . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Wittgren pitching for Indians . Wynns struck out swinging . Mullins walked . Mancini grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mullins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Plutko pitching for Orioles . Bradley homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Naylor flied out to left . Tate pitching for Orioles . Clement grounded out to shortstop . Zimmer walked . Hedges grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Santander struck out swinging . Stewart struck out swinging . Hays struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Tate pitching for Orioles . Hernandez struck out looking . Rosario safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Wilkerson . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rosario out at second . Rosario flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Clase pitching for Indians . Galvis grounded out to first . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 2 - Indians 7 .	Indians win 7 - 2 , extend Orioles ' road losing streak to 17