Orioles - Top 1st . Civale pitching for Indians . Mullins doubled to right . Mancini singled to left , Mullins to third . Galvis singled to right , Mullins scored , Mancini to third . Mountcastle singled to center , Mancini scored , Galvis to third . Stewart fouled out to catcher . Hays grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mountcastle out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Akin pitching for Orioles . Hernandez struck out swinging . Rosario flied out to center . Ramírez homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Ramírez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Civale pitching for Indians . Franco grounded out to third . Severino walked . Valaika flied out to right . Mullins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Akin pitching for Orioles . Rosario reached on infield single to catcher . Chang flied out to right . Bradley walked , Rosario to second . Rosario caught stealing third , catcher to third . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Civale pitching for Indians . Mancini doubled to left . Galvis flied out to right . Mountcastle singled to left , Mancini scored . Stewart popped out to third . Mountcastle caught stealing second , catcher to second . Aaron Civale pitches to Austin Hays . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Akin pitching for Orioles . Zimmer singled to right center . Hernandez walked , Zimmer to second . Rosario singled to left , Zimmer scored , Rosario to second , Hernandez to second , Hernandez safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Stewart . Ramírez singled to shallow right , Hernandez scored and Rosario scored , Ramírez to third . Ramírez doubled to third , Ramírez scored . Rosario doubled to right , Ramírez scored . Chang flied out to center . Bradley struck out looking . Rivera struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Civale pitching for Indians . Hays lined out to center . Franco singled to left . Severino flied out to right . Valaika flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Akin pitching for Orioles . Zimmer struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Rosario grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Civale pitching for Indians . Mullins struck out swinging . Mancini singled to right . Galvis struck out swinging . Mountcastle homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Mancini scored . Stewart walked . Hays grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Akin pitching for Orioles . Ramírez fouled out to first . Ramírez grounded out to pitcher . Rosario flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Sandlin pitching for Indians . Franco struck out looking . Severino struck out looking . Valaika walked . Mullins hit by pitch , Valaika to second . Mullins to second on passed ball by Rivera , Valaika to third on passed ball by Rivera . Mancini lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Akin pitching for Orioles . Chang struck out swinging . Bradley struck out swinging . Rivera walked . Zimmer singled to right , Rivera to second . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Hernandez tripled to first , Rivera scored and Zimmer scored . Rosario struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Galvis singled to left center . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Galvis safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Hernandez , Galvis safe at third on error . Hays singled to right , Galvis scored , Stewart to second . Franco singled to center , Stewart scored , Hays to second . Severino struck out swinging . Santander hit for Valaika . Santander struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Wilkerson at second base . Harvey pitching for Orioles . Ramírez lined out to second . Ramírez grounded out to second . Rosario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Karinchak pitching for Indians . Mullins fouled out to third . Mancini struck out looking . Galvis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Chang struck out swinging . Bradley flied out to center . Rivera hit by pitch . Zimmer walked , Rivera to second . Hernandez hit by pitch , Zimmer to second , Rivera to third . Rosario grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Naylor at first base . Clase pitching for Indians . Mountcastle struck out swinging . Stewart flied out to shortstop . Hays grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - Indians 8 .	Civale wins 10th , Indians deal O 's 18th straight road loss