Angels - Top 1st . Morton pitching for Astros . Kinsler popped out to second . Trout homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Pujols grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Springer singled to right . Altuve flied out to center . Correa struck out looking . Springer caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Morton pitching for Astros . Simmons homered to left ( 366 feet ) . Cozart lined out to left . Calhoun grounded out to first . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Reddick struck out swinging . Gurriel struck out looking . Bregman doubled to deep left . McCann walked . González singled to right , Bregman scored , McCann to second , González thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Morton pitching for Astros . Maldonado walked . Kinsler walked , Maldonado to second . Trout walked , Maldonado to third , Kinsler to second . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Maldonado scored , Kinsler to third , Trout to second . Pujols fouled out to first . Simmons reached on infield single to third , Kinsler scored , Trout to third , Upton to second . Cozart grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Simmons out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Fisher walked . Springer fouled out to second . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa walked , Fisher to second . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Morton pitching for Astros . Calhoun struck out swinging . Young walked . Maldonado grounded into double play , second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Gurriel singled to center . Bregman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gurriel out at second . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bregman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Morton pitching for Astros . Kinsler singled to left center . Kinsler stole second . Trout walked . Peacock pitching for Astros . Upton struck out swinging . Pujols popped out to third . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trout out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . González walked . Fisher homered to center ( 425 feet ) , González scored . Springer singled to right . Altuve struck out swinging . Correa popped out to second . Reddick lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Cozart flied out to center . Calhoun struck out swinging . Young popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Ohtani pitching for Angels . Gurriel walked . Bregman struck out swinging . Álvarez pitching for Angels . McCann homered to right center ( 405 feet ) , Gurriel scored . González flied out to right . Fisher reached on bunt single to shortstop . Johnson pitching for Angels . Springer singled to left , Fisher to second . Altuve fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Smith pitching for Astros . Maldonado bunt grounded out to pitcher . Kinsler walked . Trout struck out swinging . Upton singled to left , Kinsler to second . Pujols singled to center , Kinsler scored , Upton to third , Pujols to second advancing on throw . Simmons homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Upton and Pujols scored . Cozart struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Johnson pitching for Angels . Correa singled to center . Reddick singled to shallow right , Correa to third . Gurriel lined out to second . Bregman singled to left center , Correa scored , Reddick to second . Anderson pitching for Angels . Reddick to third , Bregman to second on wild pitch by Anderson . McCann walked . González singled to center , Reddick scored , Bregman to third , McCann to second . Fisher struck out swinging . Springer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , González out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Calhoun struck out swinging . Young lined out to third . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Altuve bunt popped out foul to catcher . Correa struck out swinging . Reddick singled to right . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Gurriel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Giles pitching for Astros . Kinsler grounded out to third . Trout lined out to left . Upton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Bregman grounded out to shortstop . McCann lined out to center . González walked . Marisnick ran for González . Fisher struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 8 - Astros 7 .	Trout hits 10th HR , Ohtani shaky , Angels beat Astros 8 - 7