Orioles - Top 1st . Barria pitching for Angels . Mancini lined out to second . Peterson struck out looking . Machado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Kinsler walked . Trout tripled to deep right , Kinsler scored . Upton doubled to left , Trout scored . Pujols grounded out to second , Upton to third . Ohtani singled to deep right , Upton scored . Simmons doubled to deep left , Ohtani scored . Valbuena singled to right , Simmons scored . Calhoun flied out to left . Maldonado flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Barria pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to second . Davis walked . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Kinsler doubled to left . Trout singled to center , Kinsler scored . Castro pitching for Orioles . Upton singled to right , Trout to second . Pujols doubled to left , Trout and Upton scored . Ohtani struck out swinging . Simmons grounded out to shortstop , Pujols to third . Valbuena grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Barria pitching for Angels . Álvarez grounded out to first . Santander grounded out to first . Sisco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Castro pitching for Orioles . Calhoun singled to center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Kinsler struck out swinging . Calhoun caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Barria pitching for Angels . Mancini grounded out to third . Peterson walked . Machado popped out to shortstop . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peterson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Trout flied out to right . Upton singled to left . Pujols hit by pitch , Upton to second . Ohtani walked , Upton to third , Pujols to second . Givens pitching for Orioles . Simmons doubled to right center , Upton and Pujols scored , Ohtani to third . Valbuena singled to center , Ohtani and Simmons scored . Calhoun grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Valbuena out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Barria pitching for Angels . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez batting . Santander lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Maldonado walked . Kinsler flied out to right . Trout grounded into double play , second to first , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Barria pitching for Angels . Sisco grounded out to first . Mancini singled to right center . Peterson grounded out to second , Mancini to second . Machado singled to left center , Mancini scored . Jones singled to right , Machado to second . Davis singled to left , Machado scored , Jones to second . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Upton struck out swinging . Pujols fouled out to first . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Ohtani singled to shallow center . Simmons lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Young in left field . Parker pitching for Angels . Álvarez struck out swinging . Santander struck out swinging . Sisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Valbuena reached on infield single to first . Calhoun grounded out to second , Valbuena to second . Maldonado struck out looking . Kinsler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Angels . Mancini singled to center . Peterson singled to right , Mancini to third . Machado singled to right , Mancini scored , Peterson to second . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Machado out at second , Peterson to third . Davis grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Valencia in right field . Vielma at shortstop . Gentry in center field . Santander in left field . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Trout fouled out to catcher . Young struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Marte at first base . Morris pitching for Angels . Trumbo singled to center . Álvarez grounded out to pitcher , Trumbo to second . Santander grounded out to shortstop , Trumbo to third . Sisco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 3 - Angels 12 .	Albert Pujols gets 2,999th hit , Angels blast Orioles 12 - 3