Angels - Top 1st . Hess pitching for Orioles . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop . Trout homered to left center ( 408 feet ) . Upton singled to left . Pujols lined out to second . Simmons singled to center , Upton to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pena pitching for Angels . Mancini singled to center . Jones struck out swinging . Machado singled to left , Mancini to second . Trumbo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Machado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hess pitching for Orioles . Kinsler fouled out to first . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . Fletcher walked . Calhoun popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pena pitching for Angels . Davis lined out to center . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Schoop grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Hess pitching for Orioles . Trout hit by pitch . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Trout to second . Pujols flied out to center . Simmons singled to center , Trout scored , Upton to third . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Upton scored , Simmons out at second . Kinsler popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pena pitching for Angels . Beckham singled to left . Sisco struck out swinging . Mancini walked , Beckham to second . Jones grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mancini out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Maldonado singled to left center . Fletcher fouled out to third . Calhoun grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pena pitching for Angels . Machado singled to left center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Davis fouled out to third . Valencia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Trout flied out to right . Upton struck out swinging .    Pujols pops out to first baseman Davis in foul territory . Pujols batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pena pitching for Angels . Schoop struck out swinging . Beckham grounded out to first . Sisco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Hess pitching for Orioles . Simmons doubled to left . Valbuena singled to left center , Simmons to third , Valbuena to second advancing on throw . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Simmons scored . Fletcher doubled to deep left , Valbuena scored , Maldonado to third . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to left , Maldonado scored . Trout intentionally walked . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Upton flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pena pitching for Angels . Mancini singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Machado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mancini out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Pujols doubled to right . Simmons struck out swinging , Simmons safe at first on wild pitch by Meisinger , Pujols to third . Valbuena flied out to left . Kinsler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Simmons out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Robles pitching for Angels . Trumbo flied out to center . Davis flied out to left . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Meisinger pitching for Orioles . Maldonado homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Fletcher flied out to center . Fry pitching for Orioles . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Paredes pitching for Angels . Schoop flied out to right . Beckham struck out swinging . Sisco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Upton singled to left . Pujols grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Upton out at second . Simmons singled to right . Valbuena flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Paredes pitching for Angels . Mancini doubled to right . Jones singled to deep right , Mancini scored . Machado flied out to right . Trumbo struck out looking . Davis struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Orioles 1 .	Trout HR helps Angels beat Orioles 7 - 1 , ending 6 - game skid