Angels - Top 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Calhoun flied out to center . Fletcher singled to shallow left center . Trout homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Fletcher scored . Ohtani singled to right . Ohtani stole second . Upton singled to right , Ohtani scored . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Upton out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Moncada doubled to right . Sánchez doubled to deep right , Moncada scored . García grounded out to third . Palka singled to deep left , Sánchez to third . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Palka out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Fernández grounded out to third . Ward fouled out to third . Arcia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Davidson popped out to second . Anderson lined out to center . Smith grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Calhoun singled to center . Fletcher singled to center , Calhoun to second . Calhoun to third , Fletcher to second on wild pitch by Shields . Trout homered to left ( 377 feet ) , Calhoun and Fletcher scored . Ohtani walked . Ohtani caught stealing second , catcher to second . Upton popped out to third . Simmons singled to right center . Fernández flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Engel grounded out to shortstop . Moncada struck out swinging . Sánchez hit ground rule double to left . García singled to right , Sánchez scored . Palka struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Ward hit by pitch . Arcia grounded out to shortstop , Ward to second . Calhoun lined into double play , first to shortstop , Ward doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Castillo struck out looking . Davidson popped out to second . Anderson singled to center . Anderson stole second . Smith doubled to deep center , Anderson scored . Engel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Fletcher struck out swinging . Trout singled to center . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Ohtani grounded out to shortstop , Trout to second . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Moncada flied out to right . Sánchez walked . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Simmons reached on infield single to shortstop . Fernández singled to shallow left , Simmons to second . Ward struck out swinging . Arcia struck out swinging , Fernández stole second . Calhoun intentionally walked . Fletcher flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Palka grounded out to pitcher . Castillo flied out to right . Davidson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Minaya pitching for White Sox . Trout singled to right . Frare pitching for White Sox . Ohtani flied out to left . Upton struck out looking . Trout to second on wild pitch by Frare . Simmons lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Robles pitching for Angels . Anderson walked . Smith singled to right , Anderson to second . Engel flied out to center . Moncada struck out looking . Sánchez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Marte hit for Fernández . Hamilton pitching for White Sox . Marte grounded out to third . Ward singled to left center . Arcia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ward out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Marte at first base . Cowart at third base . Anderson pitching for Angels . García struck out looking . Palka walked . Castillo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Palka out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Calhoun safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Fletcher walked , Calhoun to second . Trout singled to right center , Calhoun to third , Fletcher to second . Ohtani tripled to right , Calhoun , Fletcher and Trout scored . Vieira pitching for White Sox . Upton fouled out to catcher . Ohtani scored on Vieira 's wild pitch . Simmons walked . Simmons to second on wild pitch by Vieira . Marte singled to left center , Simmons to third . Cowart singled to right , Simmons scored , Marte to second . Hudson hit for Arcia . Marte to third , Cowart to second on wild pitch by Vieira . Hudson grounded out to second , Marte scored , Cowart to third . Cowart out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Calhoun batting . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Blash in right field . Hermosillo in center field . Young Jr. in left field . Hudson catching . Johnson pitching for Angels . Cordell hit for Davidson . Cordell grounded out to third . Rondón hit for Anderson . Rondón struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - White Sox 3 .	Trout homers twice , leads Angels past White Sox 12 - 3