Padres - Top 1st. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Giles struck out swinging. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Edmonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for Padres. Furcal reached on bunt single to third. Pierre singled to center, Furcal to second. Furcal to third, Pierre to second on wild pitch by Peavy. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left, Furcal scored. Kent singled to left, Pierre to third. Loney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kent out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Greene grounded out to second. Hairston singled to left. Bard walked, Hairston to second. Peavy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Martin doubled to deep right. Jones struck out swinging. Dewitt struck out swinging. Penny singled to left, Martin thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Giles walked. Iguchi struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giles out at second. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for Padres. Furcal doubled to deep left center. Pierre reached on infield single to third, Furcal to third. Pierre stole second. Ethier grounded out to first, Furcal scored, Pierre to third. Kent grounded out to third. Loney popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds singled to center. Greene flied out to center. Hairston singled to left center, Edmonds to second. Bard singled to left, Edmonds scored, Hairston to second. Peavy bunted into fielder's choice to first, Hairston out at third, Bard to second. Giles singled to right, Bard scored, Peavy to third. Iguchi singled to center, Peavy scored, Giles to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Giles scored, Iguchi to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Martin walked. Jones grounded out to first, Martin to second. Dewitt grounded out to first, Martin to third. Penny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Edmonds flied out to center. Greene singled to left center. Hairston grounded into double play, third to second to first, Greene out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Furcal walked. Furcal caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Pierre flied out to left. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Penny pitching for Dodgers. Bard grounded out to first. Peavy popped out to third. Giles walked. Iguchi grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for Padres. Kent struck out swinging. Loney homered to right. Martin singled to center. Jones fouled out to first. Dewitt flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Edmonds doubled to deep right, Kouzmanoff to third. Proctor pitching for Dodgers. Greene hit sacrifice fly to center, Kouzmanoff scored. Hairston grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Young hit for Proctor. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Young grounded out to second. Furcal tripled to deep right. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Furcal scored. Ethier grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Bard grounded out to third. Clark hit for Thatcher. Clark singled to left. Crabbe ran for Clark. Giles struck out swinging, Crabbe stole second. Iguchi singled to right, Crabbe scored. Gonzalez walked, Iguchi to second. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Iguchi scored, Gonzalez to second. Edmonds grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Kent flied out to left. Loney flied out to right. Martin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Park pitching for Dodgers. Greene grounded out to third. Hairston flied out to right. Bard singled to center. McAnulty hit for Bell. McAnulty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Jones flied out to left. Dewitt walked. Sweeney hit for Park. Sweeney struck out swinging. Dewitt to second on fielder's indifference. Furcal walked. Pierre singled to center, Dewitt scored, Furcal to second. Ethier reached on infield single to second, Furcal to third, Pierre to second. Kent struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Dodgers 5.	Peavy, Pads send Dodgers to fourth straight loss