Padres - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Marlins. Giles struck out looking. Iguchi flied out to right. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Ross struck out swinging. Hermida singled to left center. Ramirez singled to right center, Hermida to third. Jacobs lined out to third. Cantu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hairston doubled to deep left. Edmonds grounded out to first, Hairston to third. Bard grounded out to second, Hairston scored. Crabbe reached on bunt single to third, Crabbe to second on throwing error by catcher Treanor. Maddux flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Uggla homered to left center. Gonzalez bunt grounded out to catcher. Treanor struck out swinging. Miller grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Giles walked. Giles caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Iguchi popped out to second. Gonzalez homered to right. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Ross flied out to right. Hermida grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hairston struck out swinging. Edmonds flied out to center. Bard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Jacobs singled to right center. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla doubled to deep left, Jacobs to third. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Treanor reached on infield single to shortstop, Jacobs scored, Uggla to third, Gonzalez to second. Miller grounded out to second, Uggla scored, Gonzalez to third, Treanor to second. Ross struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Crabbe flied out to center. Maddux flied out to right. Giles walked. Iguchi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Hermida flied out to center. Ramirez singled to deep left. Jacobs singled to right, Ramirez to third. Cantu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jacobs out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff lined out to left. Hairston flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Treanor singled to left, Gonzalez to third. Amezaga hit for Miller. Amezaga fouled out to third. Amezaga hit for Miller. Amezaga fouled out to third. Ross singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Treanor to third, Treanor scored, Ross to third on error by right fielder Giles. Cameron pitching for Padres. Hermida grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Amezaga in center field. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Edmonds struck out looking. Bard struck out swinging. Crabbe walked. Huber hit for Cameron. Huber grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crabbe out at second. Huber hit for Cameron. Huber grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crabbe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Rusch pitching for Padres. Ramirez walked. Jacobs doubled to deep center, Ramirez scored. Helms ran for Jacobs. Cantu struck out looking. Uggla intentionally walked. Gonzalez singled to left center, Helms to third, Uggla to second. Treanor walked, Helms scored, Uggla to third, Gonzalez to second. Ledezma pitching for Padres. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uggla scored, Treanor out at second, Gonzalez to third. Amezaga to second on wild pitch by Ledezma. Pinto walked. Hermida struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Helms at first base. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Giles singled to center. Iguchi struck out swinging. Giles to second on wild pitch by Pinto. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Ledezma pitching for Padres. Ramirez walked. Helms struck out looking. Cantu singled to center, Ramirez to second. Ramirez to third, Cantu to second on passed ball by Bard. Uggla doubled to left, Ramirez and Cantu scored. Gonzalez walked. Treanor struck out looking. Amezaga singled to left, Uggla to third, Gonzalez to second. Carroll hit for Pinto. Carroll lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Carroll in left field. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hairston flied out to center. Edmonds singled to right. Bard doubled to deep center, Edmonds scored. Crabbe walked. Clark hit for Ledezma. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crabbe out at second. Clark hit for Ledezma. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crabbe out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Marlins 10.	Marlins stop Maddux's bid for 350th win