Padres - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Gerut grounded out to first. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Padres. Soriano flied out to right. Theriot singled to right. Lee doubled to right, Theriot scored. Ramirez flied out to right. Fukudome walked. Lee stole third. Soto walked, Fukudome to second. DeRosa flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez lined out to first. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Greene struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Johnson flied out to center. Zambrano grounded out to second. Soriano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Hairston singled to center. Bard lined out to right. Wolf bunted into fielder's choice to third, Hairston out at second. Gerut walked, Wolf to second. Iguchi singled to right, Wolf scored, Gerut to third. Giles grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Theriot singled to center. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Theriot out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. Greene struck out looking. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Fukudome flied out to left. Soto struck out swinging. DeRosa walked. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Bard flied out to center. Wolf struck out swinging. Gerut homered to right. Iguchi struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Zambrano doubled to deep right center. Soriano homered to center, Zambrano scored. Theriot walked. Lee singled to left, Theriot to second. Ramirez singled to right center, Theriot scored, Lee to third. Fukudome walked, Ramirez to second. Soto singled to center, Lee and Ramirez scored, Fukudome to second. Henn pitching for Padres. DeRosa singled to shallow left, Fukudome scored, Soto to second. Johnson grounded into double play, second to first, DeRosa out at second, Soto to third. Zambrano struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Giles flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Henn pitching for Padres. Soriano doubled to left. Theriot walked. Lee struck out looking. Ramirez walked, Soriano to third, Theriot to second. Fukudome walked, Soriano scored, Theriot to third, Ramirez to second. Soto flied out to center. DeRosa reached on infield single to third, Theriot scored, Ramirez to third, Fukudome to third, Ramirez and Fukudome scored, DeRosa to second on throwing error by third baseman Kouzman. Germano pitching for Padres. Gonzalez at third base. DeRosa to third on wild pitch by Germano. Johnson singled to center, DeRosa scored. Zambrano singled to center, Johnson to third. Soriano flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Pie in center field. Cedeno at second base. DeRosa at third base. Johnson in left field. Zambrano pitching for Cubs. Greene reached on infield single to shortstop. Hairston grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene out at second. Bard grounded out to first, Hairston to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Hairston scored. Gerut walked, Gonzalez to second. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. McAnulty in right field. Germano pitching for Padres. Theriot flied out to right. Ward hit for Lee. Ward walked. Cedeno grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ward out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Ward at first base. Blanco catching. Eyre pitching for Cubs. McAnulty grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Germano doubled to deep center. Howry pitching for Cubs. Greene flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Germano pitching for Padres. Fukudome flied out to center. Blanco struck out looking. DeRosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Howry pitching for Cubs. Hairston singled to left. Bard singled to left, Hairston to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Gerut singled to left, Hairston to third, Bard to second. Iguchi grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gerut out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Cubs 12.	Zambrano, Cubs storm past Padres, win 4th in row