Dodgers - Top 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Pierre singled to left. Pierre stole second. Ethier grounded out to pitcher. Kent lined out to third. Martin singled to right, Pierre scored. Martin stole second. Loney walked. Kemp flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hairston singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hairston out at second, Gonzalez to second on throwing error by second baseman Kent. Giles struck out looking. Gonzalez walked. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. DeWitt grounded out to pitcher. Berroa grounded out to second. Kershaw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Greene flied out to right. Huber singled to right. Barrett grounded into fielder's choice to first, Huber out at second. Maddux grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barrett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Pierre flied out to left. Ethier flied out to right. Kent grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hairston flied out to center. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Kershaw. Giles walked. Gonzalez singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Greene flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Martin singled to left. Loney singled to center, Martin to third. Kemp lined into double play, pitcher to first, Loney out at first. DeWitt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Huber grounded out to shortstop. Barrett flied out to center. Maddux struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Berroa singled to left. Kershaw sacrificed to first, Berroa to second. Pierre grounded out to first, Berroa to third. Ethier walked. Kent fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hairston singled to left. Hairston caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Giles flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Martin grounded out to third. Loney walked. Kemp grounded out to third, Loney to second. DeWitt singled to center, Loney thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Kouzmanoff walked. Greene singled to center, Kouzmanoff to second. Huber sacrificed to third, Kouzmanoff to third, Greene to second. Proctor pitching for Dodgers. Kouzmanoff scored, Greene to third on wild pitch by Proctor. Barrett safe at first on error by pitcher Proctor. Clark hit for Maddux. Clark struck out swinging. Hairston fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 7th. Corey pitching for Padres. Berroa flied out to center. Young hit for Proctor. Young doubled to right center. Hampson pitching for Padres. Pierre singled to center. Ethier walked, Young to third, Pierre to second. Meredith pitching for Padres. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at home, Pierre to third, Ethier to second. Bell pitching for Padres. Martin singled to right, Pierre and Ethier scored, Kent to third, Martin to second advancing on throw. Loney intentionally walked. Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop, Kent and Martin scored, Loney to second. DeWitt grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez flied out to center. Giles reached on infield single to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Giles to second. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Berroa walked. Broxton bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Berroa out at second. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Greene struck out swinging. Gerut hit for Huber. Gerut struck out swinging. Barrett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hairston in left field. Gerut in center field. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Ethier doubled to left. Kent reached on infield single to shortstop, Ethier to third. Maza ran for Kent. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ethier out at home, Maza to second. Loney singled to left, Maza to third, Martin to second. Guevara pitching for Padres. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Maza scored, Loney out at second, Martin to third, Martin scored on error by first baseman Gonzalez. DeWitt struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Maza at second base. Wade pitching for Dodgers. McAnulty hit for Guevara. McAnulty struck out swinging. Hairston flied out to right. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Giles singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Padres 2.	Dodgers' 7th-inning surge keeps Maddux stalled