Marlins - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Padres. Ramirez struck out swinging. Hermida homered to center. Cantu struck out swinging. Willingham flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hairston doubled to deep left. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff batting. Ambres singled to left, Headley to third. Rodriguez walked, Ambres to second. Hundley hit sacrifice fly to right, Headley scored, Ambres to third, Rodriguez to second. Wolf struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Helms hit by pitch. Ross singled to left, Helms to second. Hoover struck out swinging. Andino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Hairston flied out to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out looking. Hermida flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Marlins. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. Headley struck out swinging. Ambres walked. Rodriguez singled to center, Ambres to second. Hundley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Cantu flied out to right. Willingham singled to center. Helms singled to right, Willingham to third. Ross grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Helms out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Wolf struck out swinging. Hairston doubled to deep left. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gonzalez out at second, Hairston to third. Kouzmanoff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Hoover struck out swinging. Andino flied out to right. Miller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Headley singled to left. Ambres grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ambres out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Ramirez flied out to right. Hermida popped out to shortstop. Cantu lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Waechter pitching for Marlins. Hundley doubled to left. Wolf sacrificed to pitcher, Hundley to third, Wolf safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Waechter. Hairston homered to left, Hundley and Wolf scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right. Kouzmanoff doubled to left, Gonzalez to third. Headley singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Ambres walked, Headley to second. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center, Kouzmanoff scored, Headley to third. Hundley struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Willingham grounded out to third. Helms walked. Ross struck out swinging. Hoover singled to left, Helms to second. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoover out at second, Helms to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Myrow hit for Wolf. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Myrow homered to right. Hairston flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to shallow right. Gonzalez walked, Gonzalez to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second, Gonzalez to third. Headley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Myrow at first base. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Amezaga hit for Kensing. Amezaga reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez safe at second on error by left fielder Headley, Amezaga to third. Hermida popped out to shortstop. Cantu popped out to first. Willingham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 8th. Amezaga at shortstop. Tucker pitching for Marlins. Ambres flied out to left. Rodriguez flied out to left. Hundley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Helms grounded out to shortstop. Ross safe at first on error by shortstop Rodriguez. Hoover grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ross out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Padres 10.	Headley, rest of young Padres beat up on Marlins