Padres - Top 1st. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Gerut singled to center. Gonzalez singled to center, Gerut to second. Giles lined out to center, Gerut to third. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Schumaker flied out to left. Ludwick struck out looking. Pujols singled to left. Glaus doubled to deep center, Pujols to third. Ankiel singled to center, Pujols and Glaus scored. Molina popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Headley popped out to shortstop. Greene homered to right. Hundley struck out looking. Maddux flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Izturis walked. Looper sacrificed to pitcher, Izturis to second. Izturis stole third. Ryan grounded out to shortstop, Izturis scored. Schumaker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Gerut flied out to left. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Giles singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Giles scored, Gonzalez to second. Headley flied out to center. Greene struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Ludwick singled to left. Pujols singled to center, Ludwick to third. Glaus flied out to left. Ankiel struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Looper pitching for Cardinals. Hundley doubled to left. Maddux sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Hundley to third, Maddux to first, Hundley scored, Maddux to second on throwing error by catcher Molina.G Maddux to third on throwing er. Gerut homered to right, Maddux scored. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Giles singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to center. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Thompson struck out looking. Ryan singled to center. Schumaker singled to left, Ryan to second. Ludwick homered to left center, Ryan and Schumaker scored. Pujols lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Headley grounded out to first. Greene struck out swinging. Hundley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Corey pitching for Padres. Glaus singled to right. Ankiel popped out to second. Molina grounded out to first, Glaus to second. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Ambres hit for Corey. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Ambres grounded out to shortstop. Gerut singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Gerut to third. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Giles singled to right, Gerut scored, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Giles out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Adams pitching for Padres. Kennedy hit for Villone. Kennedy lined out to third. Ryan walked. Schumaker singled to right center, Ryan to second. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols walked, Ryan to third, Schumaker to second. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Kennedy at second base. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. Greene popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Ankiel homered to right. Molina popped out to first. Izturis singled to center. Izturis stole second. Kennedy grounded out to third, Izturis to third. Miles hit for Springer. Bell pitching for Padres. Rodriguez at shortstop. Miles walked. Schumaker struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Hundley struck out looking. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Gerut walked. Gerut caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Ludwick struck out swinging. Pujols singled to center. Glaus walked, Pujols to second. Ankiel reached on infield single to second, Pujols to third, Glaus to second. Molina singled to right, Pujols and Glaus scored, Ankiel to third, Molina to second advancing on throw. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ankiel out at home, Molina to third. Duncan hit for McClellan. Duncan singled to right, Molina scored, Izturis to second. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Miles singled to left center, Izturis scored, Duncan to second. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Meredith pitching for Padres. Miles singled to left center, Izturis scored, Duncan to second. Duncan to third, Miles to second on wild pitch by Meredith. Schumaker walked. Ludwick struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Giles walked. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Giles to second. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Cardinals 11.	Molina, Cardinals extend woes for Pads' Maddux