Padres - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Gerut singled to center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to right, Gerut out at second. Giles walked, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez doubled on line drive to center fielder Ankiel, Gonzalez scored, Giles to third. Kouzmanoff hit sacrifice fly to center, Giles scored. Headley lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Padres. Schumaker lined out to left. Ludwick singled to left. Pujols singled to left, Ludwick to second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pujols out at second, Ludwick to third. Ankiel popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Greene doubled to left. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Wolf walked. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wolf out at second, Greene to third. Gonzalez homered to left, Greene and Gerut scored. Giles popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Molina struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to pitcher. Wellemeyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to shortstop. Headley flied out to left. Greene grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Padres. Ryan hit by pitch. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ryan out at second. Ludwick walked. Pujols flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hundley flied out to center. Wolf grounded out to second. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Glaus doubled to deep right center. Ankiel grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop, Glaus to third. Izturis lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Giles walked. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Giles to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Wellemeyer singled to right. Ryan struck out swinging. Schumaker walked, Wellemeyer to second. Ludwick singled to right, Wellemeyer to third, Schumaker to second. Pujols doubled to deep left center, Wellemeyer, Schumaker and Ludwick scored. Glaus struck out swinging. Ankiel singled to right, Pujols scored. Molina lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Headley flied out to right. Greene popped out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Wolf pitching for Padres. Izturis reached on infield single to shortstop. Wellemeyer sacrificed to catcher, Izturis to second. Ryan safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Kouzmanoff, Izturis to third. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop, Izturis scored. Meredith pitching for Padres. Ryan to third on wild pitch by Meredith. Ludwick walked. Pujols singled to shallow left, Ryan scored, Ludwick to second. Glaus flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Hairston hit for Meredith. Wellemeyer pitching for Cardinals. Hairston struck out looking. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Gerut walked. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez singled to left, Gerut to second. Giles singled to right, Gerut to third, Gonzalez to second. Villone pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez struck out looking. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Corey pitching for Padres. Ankiel flied out to left. Molina grounded out to third. Izturis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Miles at second base. Ryan at shortstop. Headley walked. Greene grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. Myrow hit for Hundley. Myrow singled to right, Greene to second. Rodriguez hit for Corey. Rodriguez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Myrow out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Carlin catching. Hensley pitching for Padres. Miles grounded out to first. Ryan popped out to shortstop. Schumaker grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Gerut lined out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Giles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Cardinals 6.	Cards rally past Padres