Padres - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gerut singled to center. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Gerut to second. Giles grounded out to first, Gerut to third. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Maddux pitching for Padres. Taveras grounded out to shortstop. Barmes struck out swinging. Holliday lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff hit ground rule double to deep center. Headley flied out to left. Hundley grounded out to second, Kouzmanoff to third. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Hawpe singled to right. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. Stewart walked. Stewart stole second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Maddux grounded out to pitcher. Gerut flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Maddux pitching for Padres. Iannetta homered to right center. Cook grounded out to pitcher. Taveras struck out looking. Barmes grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Giles grounded out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff reached on infield single to second. Headley doubled to deep right, Kouzmanoff scored. Hundley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe struck out looking. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop. Maddux grounded out to pitcher. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Stewart singled to center. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stewart out at second. Iannetta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez singled to right. Giles fouled out to third. Gonzalez singled to right center, Rodriguez to third. Kouzmanoff singled to center, Rodriguez scored, Gonzalez to second. Headley singled to right, Gonzalez scored, Kouzmanoff to third. Hundley doubled to deep left center, Kouzmanoff and Headley scored. Iguchi grounded out to shortstop, Hundley to third. Maddux reached on bunt single to third, Hundley scored. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Gerut flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Maddux pitching for Padres. De La Rosa singled to center. Taveras grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, De La Rosa out at second. Barmes fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez singled to left. Giles struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to left. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Maddux pitching for Padres. Holliday singled to left. Hawpe singled to right, Holliday to second. Adams pitching for Padres. Adams pitching for Padres. Atkins flied out to center, Holliday to third. Adams pitching for Padres. Adams pitching for Padres. Atkins flied out to center, Holliday to third. Stewart walked, Hawpe to second. Tulowitzki walked, Holliday scored, Hawpe to third, Stewart to second. Hensley pitching for Padres. Iannetta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Headley struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. Iguchi walked. Hairston hit for Hensley. Hairston walked, Iguchi to second. Gerut flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Bell pitching for Padres. Baker hit for De La Rosa. Baker struck out looking. Taveras grounded out to first. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez singled to right center. Giles grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Gonzalez homered to right, Rodriguez scored. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Corey pitching for Padres. Holliday singled to deep right center. Hawpe singled to center, Holliday to third. Atkins doubled to deep left, Holliday scored, Hawpe to third. Meredith pitching for Padres. Stewart walked. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Iannetta lined into double play, to third, Hawpe doubled off third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 8 - Rockies 3.	Maddux pitches six solid as Padres crack Rockies