Padres - Top 1st. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Venable doubled to deep right. Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher, Venable to third. Giles singled to center, Venable scored. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center, Giles scored. Kouzmanoff lined out to third. Headley flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Taveras flied out to right. Barmes tripled to deep center. Holliday struck out swinging. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Hundley flied out to center. Antonelli reached on infield single to shortstop. LeBlanc sacrificed to catcher, Antonelli to second. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Iannetta struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki doubled to center. Stewart grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez singled to right. Giles singled to right, Rodriguez to second. Gonzalez homered to left center, Rodriguez and Giles scored. Kouzmanoff tripled to deep right. Headley doubled to right, Kouzmanoff scored. Hirsh pitching for Rockies. Hundley struck out swinging. Antonelli homered to left, Headley scored. LeBlanc singled to center. Venable flied out to center. Rodriguez fouled out to third. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Hirsh grounded out to shortstop. Taveras flied out to center. Barmes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Hirsh pitching for Rockies. Giles popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Kouzmanoff grounded out to shortstop. Headley doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez scored. Hundley fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Holliday flied out to center. Atkins singled to left. Iannetta walked, Atkins to second. Hawpe singled to right, Atkins to third, Iannetta to second. Tulowitzki homered to center, Atkins, Iannetta and Hawpe scored. Stewart flied out to center. Hirsh grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hirsh pitching for Rockies. Antonelli grounded out to third. LeBlanc singled to center. Venable walked, LeBlanc to second. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez flied out to right. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez flied out to right. Giles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Taveras doubled to center. Barmes singled to left center. Holliday grounded into double play, third to second to first, Barmes out at second, Taveras to third. Atkins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Headley walked, Kouzmanoff to second. Hundley lined into double play, shortstop to second, Kouzmanoff doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Iannetta walked. Hawpe walked, Iannetta to second. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hawpe out at second, Iannetta to third. Stewart struck out looking. Baker hit for Vizcaino. Baker flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Herges pitching for Rockies. Antonelli walked. Gonzalez hit for LeBlanc. Gonzalez singled to center, Antonelli to second. Venable struck out swinging. Rodriguez lined out to center. Giles doubled to deep left, Antonelli scored, Gonzalez to third. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Speier pitching for Rockies. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Meredith pitching for Padres. Taveras singled to center. Barmes grounded out to shortstop, Taveras to second. Holliday flied out to center. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Headley struck out swinging. Hundley grounded out to second. Antonelli struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Macias in left field. Iannetta homered to right. Hawpe singled to center. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. Stewart grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Register pitching for Rockies. Macias homered to right. Venable struck out swinging. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Giles fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Smith hit for Register. Ekstrom pitching for Padres. Smith walked. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Smith out at second. Barmes flied out to right. Taveras to second on fielder's indifference. Holliday grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Rockies 5.	Gonzalez leads way as Padres put away Rockies