Athletics - Top 1st. Teheran pitching for Angels. Semien flied out to center. Laureano struck out looking. Olson bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Fletcher singled to right. La Stella singled to right, La Stella out stretching at second, Fletcher to third. Fletcher scored on Manaea wild pitch. Trout singled to right center. Rendon homered to left (368 feet), Trout scored. Ohtani walked. Pujols grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ohtani out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Teheran pitching for Angels. Chapman homered to left center (412 feet). Canha hit by pitch. Grossman singled to shallow center, Canha to second. Piscotty singled to right, Canha scored, Grossman to third. Pinder grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pinder to second, Piscotty to third, Grossman out at home in rundown. Murphy popped out to second. Piscotty scored on Teherán wild pitch, Pinder to third on wild pitch by Teherán. Semien walked. Laureano grounded into fielder's choice to third, Semien out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Upton struck out swinging. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Adell singled to center. Fletcher walked, Adell to second. La Stella lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Teheran pitching for Angels. Olson walked. Olson to second on passed ball by Stassi. Chapman homered to center (431 feet), Olson scored. Canha singled to center. Andriese pitching for Angels. Grossman struck out looking. Piscotty struck out swinging. Pinder struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Manaea pitching for Athletics. Trout singled to left. Rendon walked, Trout to second. Ohtani grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rendon out at second, Trout to third. Pujols lined out to third. Upton reached on infield single to shortstop, Trout scored, Ohtani to second. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Stassi walked, Upton to second, Ohtani to third. Adell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Andriese pitching for Angels. Murphy singled to center. Semien flied out to center. Laureano walked, Murphy to second. Olson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Laureano to second, Murphy to third. Chapman tripled to deep right center, Murphy scored, Laureano scored and Olson scored. Chapman scored and Canha safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Upton. Canha to second. Grossman walked. Piscotty grounded into double play, third to second to first, Grossman out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Wendelken pitching for Athletics. Fletcher struck out swinging. La Stella doubled to deep right. Trout homered to left (428 feet), La Stella scored. Rendon walked. McFarland pitching for Athletics. Ohtani doubled to deep right, Rendon to third. Pujols grounded out to shortstop, Rendon scored, Ohtani to third. Upton walked. Stassi grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Upton out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Pinder singled to center. Murphy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pinder out at second. Semien grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. McFarland pitching for Athletics. Adell singled to center. Fletcher flied out to right. La Stella grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Adell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Laureano walked. Olson walked, Laureano to second. Chapman lined into double play, shortstop to second, Laureano doubled off second. Middleton pitching for Angels. Canha flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Trout struck out looking. Rendon singled to center. Ohtani homered to center (417 feet), Rendon scored. Pujols flied out to left. Upton grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Middleton pitching for Angels. Grossman walked. Piscotty struck out swinging, Grossman stole second. Pinder flied out to left. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Trivino pitching for Athletics. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Adell struck out swinging. Fletcher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Peña pitching for Angels. Semien grounded out to third. Laureano lined out to right. Olson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Petit pitching for Athletics. La Stella fouled out to third. Trout homered to left (426 feet). Rendon lined out to left. Ohtani grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Rengifo at second base. Goodwin in left field. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Chapman struck out swinging. Canha singled to left. Barreto ran for Canha. Grossman struck out swinging. Piscotty lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Angels 10.	Trout goes deep twice, including dagger in eighth