Angels - Top 1st. Bielak pitching for Astros. Trout lined out to center. La Stella walked. La Stella stole second. Fletcher reached on infield single to third. Ohtani flied out to left. Simmons walked, Fletcher to second, La Stella to third. Goodwin reached on infield single to first, Fletcher scored, La Stella scored and Simmons scored on fielding error by right fielder Reddick, Goodwin to third. Adell doubled to right, Goodwin scored. Bemboom walked. Sneed pitching for Astros. Rengifo lined out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Teheran pitching for Angels. Straw struck out looking. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Sneed pitching for Astros. Trout struck out looking. La Stella struck out looking. Fletcher lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Teheran pitching for Angels. Gurriel singled to left. Tucker lined into double play, second to first, Gurriel doubled off first. Correa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Sneed pitching for Astros. Ohtani reached on infield single to shortstop. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Raley pitching for Astros. Goodwin struck out swinging. Ohtani stole second. Adell walked. Bemboom grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Teheran pitching for Angels. Reddick lined out to center. Toro struck out looking. Garneau lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Raley pitching for Astros. Rengifo homered to left (422 feet). Scrubb pitching for Astros. Trout struck out looking. La Stella lined out to left. Fletcher grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Teheran pitching for Angels. Straw lined out to center. Altuve flied out to right. Brantley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Scrubb pitching for Astros. Ohtani walked. Simmons singled to shallow right, Ohtani to third. Goodwin hit sacrifice fly to left, Ohtani scored. De Jong pitching for Astros. Adell flied out to right. Bemboom grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Teheran pitching for Angels. Gurriel singled to center. Tucker tripled to deep center, Gurriel scored. Correa struck out swinging. Reddick fouled out to left, Tucker scored. Toro homered to left (355 feet). Peña pitching for Angels. Garneau walked. Garneau to second on wild pitch by Peña. Straw singled to center, Garneau scored. Altuve struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. De Jong pitching for Astros. Rengifo walked. Trout singled to center, Rengifo to third. Taylor pitching for Astros. La Stella reached on infield single to first, Rengifo scored, Trout to third. Fletcher singled to right, Trout scored, La Stella to second. Ohtani struck out looking. Simmons lined out to second. Goodwin walked, Fletcher to second, La Stella to third. Biagini pitching for Astros. Adell flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Peña pitching for Angels. Brantley grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel lined out to right. Tucker singled to left. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Correa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Biagini pitching for Astros. Bemboom doubled to deep left. Rengifo grounded out to shortstop. Trout walked. La Stella walked, Trout to second, Bemboom to third. Fletcher reached on infield single to shortstop, Bemboom scored, La Stella to second, Trout to third. Trout scored on Biagini wild pitch, Fletcher to second on wild pitch by Biagini, La Stella to third on wild pitch by Biagini. Ohtani doubled to right center, Fletcher scored and La Stella scored. Castellanos pitching for Astros. Simmons struck out swinging. Goodwin walked. Adell struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Buttrey pitching for Angels. Reddick grounded out to shortstop. Toro grounded out to first. Garneau homered to left (379 feet). Straw grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 12 - Astros 5.	Astros beat Angels 6-3 in opener of DH caused by hurricane