Angels - Top 1st. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Fletcher grounded out to pitcher. Walsh flied out to left. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Teheran pitching for Angels. Betts hit by pitch. Seager struck out swinging. Turner singled to shallow right, Betts to third. Muncy walked, Turner to second. Bellinger walked, Betts scored, Muncy to second, Turner to third. Smith singled to right, Turner scored, Bellinger to second, Muncy to third. Pederson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Muncy scored, Smith safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Pujols, Bellinger to third. Taylor struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Hernández in right field. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Ohtani struck out swinging. Stassi struck out swinging. Ward grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Barnes pitching for Angels. Hernández struck out swinging. Seager struck out swinging. Turner lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Adell doubled to deep right. Jones singled to center, Adell scored. Soto singled to right, Jones to second. Fletcher struck out swinging. Walsh tripled to deep left, Jones scored and Soto scored. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center, Walsh scored. Ohtani flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Barnes pitching for Angels. Muncy struck out looking. Bellinger doubled to deep left. Smith struck out looking. Pederson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Stassi grounded out to shortstop. Ward singled to right. Adell singled to left, Ward to second. Jones struck out swinging. Adell to second on wild pitch by Gonsolin, Ward to third on wild pitch by Gonsolin. Soto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Taylor grounded out to shortstop. Pollock reached on infield single to third, Pollock safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Fletcher. Hernández singled to left, Pollock to third. Seager grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Fletcher reached on infield single to third. Walsh popped out to third. Pujols grounded into double play, first to second to first, Fletcher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Turner flied out to right. Muncy grounded out to second. Bellinger lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Gonsolin pitching for Dodgers. Ohtani struck out looking. Stassi struck out looking. Ward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Robles pitching for Angels. Smith walked. Pederson homered to left (346 feet), Smith scored. Taylor struck out swinging. Pollock struck out swinging. Hernández lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Ríos at third base. Lux at second base. Kelly pitching for Dodgers. Adell grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to third. Soto walked. Fletcher reached on infield single to catcher, Soto to second. Fletcher to second on wild pitch by Kelly, Soto to third on wild pitch by Kelly. Walsh struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Milner pitching for Angels. Seager struck out swinging. Ríos homered to center (392 feet). Lux struck out looking. Bellinger flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Pujols popped out to second. Ohtani walked. Stassi struck out looking. Ward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Bard pitching for Angels. Smith homered to left (380 feet). Pederson struck out swinging. Taylor struck out looking. Pollock grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Dodgers. Adell struck out swinging. Jones safe at first on fielding error by third baseman Ríos. Soto hit ground rule double to deep right, Jones to third. Fletcher doubled to left, Jones scored and Soto scored. Kolarek pitching for Dodgers. Walsh reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols lined out to right, Fletcher to third. Ohtani grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Dodgers 7.	Betts exits after HBP, Dodgers edge Angels following outage