Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Parra popped out to shortstop . Prado popped out to second . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki grounded out to second . Gomez grounded out to shortstop . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Montero singled to left . Goldschmidt singled to left , Montero to second . Kubel singled to right , Montero to third , Goldschmidt to second . Chavez flied out to left , Montero thrown out at home , Goldschmidt to third . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to left . Schafer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Kennedy grounded out to second . Parra singled to left . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Parra out at second . Hill singled to center , Prado to second . Montero walked , Prado to third , Hill to second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Prado and Hill scored , Montero to second . Kubel struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt singled to left center . Maldonado doubled to deep right , Betancourt to third . Gallardo struck out swinging . Aoki doubled to deep center , Betancourt and Maldonado scored . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aoki out at third . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Chavez grounded out to second . Pennington struck out looking . Kennedy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks flied out to right . Gonzalez homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Schafer grounded out to first . Betancourt flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lucroy catching . Gonzalez at shortstop . Betancourt at third base . Maldonado at first base . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Parra flied out to left . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Hill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Maldonado lined out to left . Gallardo reached on infield single to third . Aoki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gallardo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Montero singled to center . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right , Montero to third . Kubel doubled to deep left , Montero scored , Goldschmidt to third . Chavez walked . Pennington hit sacrifice fly to right , Goldschmidt scored , Kubel to third . Kennedy sacrificed to pitcher , Chavez to second . Parra grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomez singled to left . Gomez to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Lucroy hit by pitch . Weeks walked , Gomez to third , Lucroy to second . Gonzalez lined into double play , to third , Gomez doubled off third . Schafer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Badenhop pitching for Brewers . Prado singled to center . Hill homered to left ( 359 feet ) , Prado scored . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Kubel struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt singled to center . Maldonado hit by pitch , Betancourt to second . Davis hit for Badenhop . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Davis struck out swinging . Aoki singled to left , Betancourt to third , Maldonado to second . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt scored , Aoki out at second , Maldonado to third . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Chavez grounded out to first . Pennington flied out to center . Marte hit for Ziegler . Marte walked . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to left . Schafer singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Betancourt flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Prado struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Prince hit for Henderson . Prince hit ground rule double to deep center . Aoki singled to right , Prince scored . Aoki stole second . Gomez grounded out to third . Lucroy singled to right , Aoki scored . Weeks struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Betancourt at shortstop . Prince at third base . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Kubel flied out to left . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 10th . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Schafer struck out looking . Betancourt flied out to center . Maldonado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Pennington doubled to deep left . Hinske hit for Sipp . Hinske homered to center ( 436 feet ) , Pennington scored . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Parra struck out swinging . Prado lined out to left . Hill singled to left . Hill caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Montero batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 11th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Prince flied out to center . Aoki singled to left . Gomez singled to right , Aoki to third . Lucroy singled to right , Aoki scored , Gomez to third . Weeks struck out looking . Lohse hit for Gonzalez . Lohse struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Brewers 7 .	Diamondbacks sweep Brewers