Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Parra doubled to deep center . Gregorius singled to left center , Parra to third , Gregorius to second advancing on throw . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Parra scored , Gregorius to third . Montero singled to right , Gregorius scored . Prado flied into double play , center to first , Montero doubled off first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter lined out to right . Molina singled to left . Holliday homered to left ( 425 feet ) , Molina scored . Craig singled to left . Adams struck out looking . Freese grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Kubel struck out looking . Pollock flied out to left . Pennington flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso singled to left center . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . Miller singled to center . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Miller out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Kennedy struck out looking . Parra singled to center . Gregorius reached on infield single to pitcher , Parra to second . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , second to first , Gregorius out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina doubled to deep right . Holliday singled to left , Molina to third . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at home , Holliday to second . Adams flied out to right . Freese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Prado singled to center . Kubel struck out looking . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Descalso doubled to deep right . Jay singled to right , Descalso scored . Miller struck out bunting foul . Carpenter singled to shallow left center , Jay to second . Molina grounded out to pitcher , Jay to third , Carpenter to second . Holliday walked . Craig singled to center , Jay and Carpenter scored , Holliday to third . Adams homered to right ( 439 feet ) , Holliday and Craig scored . Freese walked . Descalso homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Freese scored . Jay struck out swinging . 8 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Pennington struck out looking . Kennedy struck out looking . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Miller homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Carpenter homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Molina grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to third . Craig grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Gregorius struck out swinging . Hinske hit for Goldschmidt . Hinske struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Hinske at first base . Wilson at third base . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Adams doubled to deep left . Freese grounded out to first , Adams to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Jay walked . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Cruz catching . Wigginton in left field . Robinson in right field . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Kubel singled to center . Pollock singled to center , Kubel to second . Pennington singled to right , Kubel scored , Pollock to second . Nieves hit for Reynolds . Nieves singled to center , Pollock scored , Pennington to second . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Parra singled to left , Pennington scored , Nieves to third . Gregorius struck out looking . Hinske struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves catching . Carpenter flied out to left . Cruz lined out to first . Wigginton popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ross hit for Sipp . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Ross popped out to first . Wilson struck out swinging . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Robinson struck out looking . Adams lined out to center . Freese singled to center . Descalso walked , Freese to second . Jay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Butler pitching for Cardinals . Pollock grounded out to third . Pennington singled to center . Nieves hit ground rule double to deep right , Pennington to third . Parra walked . Gregorius walked , Pennington scored , Nieves to third , Parra to second . Hinske walked , Nieves scored , Parra to third , Gregorius to second . Bloomquist hit for Bell . Carpenter at third base . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Kozma at shortstop . Bloomquist hit sacrifice fly to center , Parra scored , Gregorius to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Cardinals 12 .	Miller pitches , hits Cards by Diamondbacks