Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Pollock flied out to right . Bloomquist flied out to left . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto struck out looking . Ellis walked . Gonzalez flied out to right . Puig singled to right , Ellis to second . Hairston Jr. singled to center , Ellis scored , Puig to second . Ethier lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ross doubled to left . Montero singled to center , Ross scored . Prado grounded out to second , Montero to second . Parra walked . Pennington flied out to left . Miley grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe grounded out to pitcher . Federowicz grounded out to shortstop . Kershaw struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Pollock lined out to left . Bloomquist singled to center . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bloomquist out at second . Ross singled to left , Goldschmidt to second . Montero struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto grounded out to second . Ellis singled to center . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Prado grounded out to first . Parra grounded out to first . Pennington lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to left . Hairston Jr. singled to right , Puig out at second . Ethier singled to right , Hairston Jr. to second . Uribe doubled to right center , Hairston Jr. scored , Ethier to third . Federowicz intentionally walked . Kershaw grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Federowicz out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Miley struck out swinging . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto grounded out to second . Ellis homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Gonzalez popped out to second . Puig struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Ross singled to left center . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ross out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston Jr. singled to right . Ethier struck out looking . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hairston Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Prado grounded out to third . Parra doubled to left . Pennington grounded out to third . Nieves hit for Miley . Parra to third on wild pitch by Kershaw . Nieves walked . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Brewer pitching for Diamondbacks . Federowicz flied out to right . Sellers hit for Kershaw . Sellers struck out looking . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist struck out looking . Goldschmidt flied out to center . Ross popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Brewer pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis singled to right . Gonzalez singled to center , Ellis to second . Puig singled to right , Ellis to third , Gonzalez to second . Hairston Jr. grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Ellis out at home , Gonzalez to third , Puig to second . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . League pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker in left field . Montero struck out swinging . Prado singled to left . Parra doubled to deep center , Prado to third . Kubel hit for Pennington . Kubel reached on infield single to second , Prado scored , Parra to third . Gregorius hit for Sipp . Wilson ran for Kubel . Gregorius walked , Wilson to second . Pollock popped out to second . Bloomquist reached on infield single to second , Parra and Wilson scored , Gregorius to second . Moylan pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt singled to left , Gregorius scored , Bloomquist to second . Ross popped out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Gregorius at shortstop . Uribe homered to right center ( 387 feet ) . Federowicz doubled to right . Van Slyke ran for Federowicz . Schumaker sacrificed to third , Van Slyke to third , Schumaker safe at first on error by third baseman Prado . Van Slyke to third on error by third baseman Prado . Punto flied out to left . Ellis struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Dodgers 4 .	D - backs rally past Dodgers in 9th