Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Pollock lined out to left . Parra singled to left . Goldschmidt singled to right , Parra to second . Ross grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto flied out to left . Ellis grounded out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Montero singled to left . Prado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Gregorius popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston Jr. popped out to third . Uribe reached on infield single to shortstop . Ethier flied out to center . Hernandez popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Pennington flied out to left . Corbin singled to center . Pollock walked , Corbin to second . Parra grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pollock out at second , Corbin to third . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Castellanos singled to left . Ryu sacrificed to pitcher , Castellanos to second . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Castellanos out at third . Punto caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ellis batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Ross reached on infield single to third . Montero singled to center , Ross to second . Prado singled to left , Ross scored , Montero to second . Gregorius singled to right , Montero scored , Prado to third . Pennington grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Prado scored , Gregorius out at second . Corbin lined out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to left . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Pollock grounded out to third . Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Parra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe doubled to deep left . Ethier grounded out to second , Uribe to third . Hernandez grounded out to second , Uribe scored . Castellanos hit ground rule double to deep left . Castellanos to third on passed ball by Montero . Ryu tripled to deep right , Castellanos scored . Punto singled to center , Ryu scored . Ellis singled to center , Punto to third . Gonzalez singled to left center , Punto scored , Ellis to third . Hairston Jr. flied out to left . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Ross singled to left . Montero struck out looking . Prado walked , Ross to second . Gregorius singled to left , Ross to third , Prado to second . Pennington struck out swinging . Bloomquist hit for Corbin . Bloomquist popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe struck out swinging . Ethier fouled out to catcher . Hernandez walked . Hernandez stole second . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker in right field . Pollock struck out looking . Parra lined out to right . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to pitcher . Ross singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Montero singled to left , Goldschmidt scored , Ross to second . Prado walked , Ross to third , Montero to second . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Gregorius struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker grounded out to third . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto lined out to third . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Pennington walked . Kubel hit for Ziegler . Kubel struck out swinging . Pennington picked off first . Pollock grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . Hairston Jr. flied out to center . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Parra struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier singled to right . Hernandez struck out bunting foul . Ramirez hit for Jansen . Ramirez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Montero flied out to center . Prado popped out to first . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 10th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Schumaker struck out swinging . Punto flied out to center . Ellis reached on bunt single to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 11th . Howell pitching for Dodgers . Pennington doubled to deep left . Collmenter struck out swinging . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Pollock grounded out to second , Pennington to third . Parra walked . Goldschmidt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 11th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston Jr. popped out to shortstop . Uribe flied out to center . Ethier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 12th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Ross doubled to center . Montero reached on infield single to second , Ross to third . Prado hit ground rule double to deep left , Ross scored , Montero to third . Gregorius intentionally walked . League pitching for Dodgers . Puig in right field . Schumaker in left field . Pennington singled to right , Montero scored , Prado to third , Gregorius to second . Hinske hit for Collmenter . Hinske flied out to center . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Prado out at home , Gregorius to third , Pennington to second . Parra singled to center , Gregorius and Pennington scored , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt walked , Parra to second . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 12th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Hernandez homered to left ( 410 feet ) . Puig singled to left . Schumaker walked , Puig to second . Punto grounded out to first , Puig to third , Schumaker to second . Ellis grounded out to third , Puig scored . Gonzalez walked . Federowicz hit for League . Cruz ran for Gonzalez . Federowicz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Dodgers 6 .	D - backs score 4 runs in 12th , top Dodgers