Rockies - Top 1st . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu lined out to right . Dickerson singled to left . Cuddyer flied out to right . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rosario batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Pollock tripled to deep right center . Hill struck out swinging . Pollock scored on De La Rosa 's wild pitch . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario lined out to center . Pacheco grounded out to first . Arenado fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ross popped out to first . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Colvin lined out to left . Rutledge struck out swinging . De La Rosa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gregorius singled to center . Skaggs sacrificed to third , Gregorius to second . Pollock doubled to deep left , Gregorius to third . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gregorius out at home , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock scored , Hill to second . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu struck out looking . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ross singled to left center . Prado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ross out at second . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario struck out looking . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . Arenado walked . Colvin fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gregorius grounded out to first . Skaggs grounded out to first . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Rutledge fouled out to catcher . De La Rosa struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hill doubled to deep left . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center , Hill scored . Montero struck out swinging . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Ross popped out to second . Prado flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson grounded out to pitcher . Cuddyer reached on infield single to second . Rosario grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer out at second . Pacheco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Parra struck out swinging . Gregorius singled to center . Skaggs sacrificed to pitcher , Gregorius to second . Pollock walked . Hill singled to center , Gregorius and Pollock scored , Hill to second advancing on throw . Goldschmidt flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Skaggs pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado singled to center . Colvin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . Rutledge grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Montero reached on infield single to third . Ross flied out to left . Montero to second on passed ball by Rosario . Prado grounded out to third . Parra flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera hit for Lopez . Herrera struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 0 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Skaggs helps D - backs shut down Rockies