Dodgers - Top 1st . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out swinging . Puig singled to center . Gonzalez fouled out to catcher . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Parra struck out swinging . Hill flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . Uribe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Chavez struck out swinging . Prado struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis singled to left center . Greinke sacrificed to pitcher , Ellis to second . Crawford grounded out to second , Ellis to third . Puig fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Kubel walked . Gregorius walked , Kubel to second . Delgado bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kubel out at third , Gregorius to second . Parra struck out swinging . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gregorius out at third , Delgado to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Ramirez singled to deep right center . Ethier singled to left , Ramirez to second . Ellis flied out to center . Uribe singled to center , Ramirez scored , Ethier to third . Ellis flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt singled to right center . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Greinke singled to left . Crawford flied out to center . Puig singled to left , Greinke to second . Gonzalez singled to right , Greinke scored , Puig to third . Ramirez singled to right , Puig scored , Gonzalez to second , Gonzalez to third on fielding error by Kubel , Ramirez out at second . Ethier grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Montero struck out swinging . Kubel flied out to left . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to center . Uribe singled to left . Ellis fouled out to third . Greinke singled to left center , Uribe to second . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Pollock hit for Delgado . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Pollock struck out swinging . Parra flied out to center . Hill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Brewer pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig grounded out to first . Gonzalez walked . Ramirez fouled out to first . Ethier doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Ellis singled to right , Ethier scored . Uribe grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Greinke pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Chavez flied out to center . Prado doubled to deep left . Montero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Brewer pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to left . Greinke singled to center . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford struck out looking . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Kubel struck out swinging . Gregorius flied out to center . Ross hit for Sipp . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left . Ramirez singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Ethier singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Ramirez to second . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez scored , Ethier out at second , Ramirez to third . Uribe struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Dominguez pitching for Dodgers . Punto at shortstop . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Hill flied out to right . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third . Goldschmidt to second on fielder 's indifference . Chavez doubled to deep left , Goldschmidt scored . Prado flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Dodgers ' hit parade downs D - backs