Brewers - Top 1st . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Schafer singled to center , Aoki to second . Segura singled to center , Aoki to third , Schafer to second . Gomez singled to right , Aoki and Schafer scored , Segura to second , Segura to third advancing on throw . Francisco struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded out to third , Segura scored , Gomez to second . Gomez to third on passed ball by Montero . Betancourt popped out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Eaton walked . Parra flied out to left . Goldschmidt singled to left , Eaton to third . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Bianchi singled to right . Peralta sacrificed to first , Bianchi to second . Aoki singled to center , Bianchi to third . Schafer sacrificed to pitcher , Bianchi scored , Aoki to second . Segura walked . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Aoki out at third , Segura to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Kubel struck out swinging . Prado singled to right . Prado to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Montero walked . Gregorius lined out to center , Prado to third . Kennedy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco struck out swinging . Maldonado bunt grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Eaton singled to center . Eaton picked off first . Parra flied out to left . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Bianchi flied out to center . Peralta grounded out to third . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Hill singled to left . Kubel struck out swinging . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Schafer homered to right ( 387 feet ) . Segura singled to right . Gomez struck out swinging . Segura to second on wild pitch by Kennedy . Francisco lined out to center . Maldonado grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Montero homered to right center ( 398 feet ) . Gregorius lined out to first . Kennedy struck out swinging . Eaton struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Betancourt lined out to center . Bianchi grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Parra reached on infield single to second . Goldschmidt singled to left , Parra to second . Hill struck out swinging , Parra to third , Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Kubel struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks . Aoki struck out looking . Schafer walked . Segura reached on bunt single to third , Schafer to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomez popped out to second . Francisco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Montero struck out swinging . Gregorius popped out to shortstop . Ross hit for Collmenter . Ross fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Maldonado struck out swinging . Betancourt lined out to right . Bianchi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Eaton fouled out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Goldschmidt fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Weeks hit for Henderson . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks struck out swinging . Aoki grounded out to third . Schafer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Hill singled to shallow left center . Kubel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . Prado lined out to left . Montero popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Diamondbacks 1 .	Brewers snap 4 - game slide behind Peralta