Rays - Top 1st . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Zobrist doubled to deep center . Joyce doubled to deep right , Zobrist scored . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Joyce out at third . Myers singled to left center , Longoria to second . Loney flied out to right . Escobar doubled to deep left , Longoria and Myers scored . Johnson flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Archer pitching for Rays . Eaton singled to right . Prado walked , Eaton to second . Goldschmidt singled to right , Eaton scored , Prado to third . Chavez struck out swinging . Goldschmidt caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hill flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina singled to center . Archer struck out looking . Zobrist grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Archer pitching for Rays . Ross grounded out to second . Nieves grounded out to second . Gregorius struck out looking . Torres pitching for Rays . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Joyce singled to center . Longoria flied out to right , Joyce out at second . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Torres pitching for Rays . Delgado walked . Eaton struck out swinging . Prado homered to left ( 401 feet ) , Delgado scored . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Chavez singled to right . Hill doubled to deep left , Chavez scored . Ross grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Loney walked . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Loney out at second . Johnson homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Molina struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Torres pitching for Rays . Nieves struck out swinging . Gregorius lined out to right . Delgado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Roberts hit for Torres . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Roberts grounded out to second . Zobrist flied out to right . Joyce singled to center . Longoria lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Farnsworth pitching for Rays . Eaton singled to shallow right . Prado doubled to deep left , Eaton to third . Goldschmidt lined out to shortstop . McGee pitching for Rays . Chavez singled to left , Eaton scored , Prado to third . Hill doubled to deep left , Prado scored , Chavez to third . Ross intentionally walked . Nieves hit sacrifice fly to left , Chavez scored . Gregorius lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Myers reached on infield single to third . Loney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Myers out at second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Escobar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . McGee pitching for Rays . Collmenter struck out swinging . Eaton lined out to shortstop . Prado singled to right center . Goldschmidt lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to second . Molina reached on infield single to second . Scott hit for McGee . Scott reached on bunt single to third , Molina to second . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Scott out at second , Molina to third . Joyce walked , Zobrist to second . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria doubled to deep left , Molina and Zobrist scored , Joyce to third . Fuld hit for Myers . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Fuld singled to left , Joyce and Longoria scored , Fuld to second advancing on throw . Loney flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Fuld in center field . Peralta pitching for Rays . Chavez struck out looking . Hill struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar grounded out to third . Johnson singled to left center . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Rays . Nieves lined out to center . Gregorius walked . Parra hit for Putz . Parra singled to center , Gregorius to third . Rodney pitching for Rays . Rodriguez in left field . Eaton walked , Parra to second . Prado singled to right , Gregorius and Parra scored , Eaton to second . Goldschmidt lined out to left . Chavez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Prado at third base . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ross in left field . Parra in right field . Lobaton hit for Rodriguez . Lobaton grounded out to second . Zobrist singled to center . Joyce walked , Zobrist to second . Longoria grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Joyce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 8 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Prado , D - backs rally in wild one vs. Rays