Padres - Top 1st . Holmberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia doubled to deep right . Venable reached on bunt single to pitcher , Denorfia to third . Gyorko singled to center , Denorfia scored , Venable to third . Headley singled to left , Venable scored , Gyorko to second . Alonso walked , Gyorko to third , Headley to second . Forsythe fouled out to first . Hundley hit sacrifice fly to center , Gyorko scored . Cedeno fouled out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kennedy pitching for Padres . Campana grounded out to pitcher . Eaton fouled out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Holmberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Kennedy hit ground rule double to deep right . Denorfia flied out to center . Venable lined out to right , Kennedy to third . Gyorko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kennedy pitching for Padres . Prado singled to center . Hill walked , Prado to second . Parra homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Prado and Hill scored . Montero doubled to deep center . Gregorius fouled out to third . Holmberg struck out swinging . Campana struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Holmberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Headley flied out to right . Alonso grounded out to first . Forsythe grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Kennedy pitching for Padres . Eaton lined out to center . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt caught stealing second , catcher to second . Prado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Holmberg pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley walked . Cedeno lined out to third . Kennedy walked , Hundley to second . Denorfia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hundley out at third , Kennedy to second . Venable singled to right , Kennedy to third , Denorfia to second . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Kennedy pitching for Padres . Hill walked . Parra walked , Hill to second . Montero fouled out to third . Gregorius struck out swinging . Collmenter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Amarista hit for Headley . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista struck out looking . Alonso struck out looking . Forsythe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in right field . Amarista in center field . Forsythe at third base . Kennedy pitching for Padres . Campana grounded out to second . Eaton tripled to deep center . Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep right , Eaton scored . Prado walked . Hill hit by pitch , Goldschmidt to third , Prado to second . Parra singled to deep center , Goldschmidt and Prado scored , Hill to second . Denorfia in right field . Venable in center field . Amarista at third base . Hynes pitching for Padres . Kotsay in left field . Montero walked , Hill to third , Parra to second . Gregorius lined into double play , to first , Montero doubled off first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hundley grounded out to third . Cedeno lined out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hynes pitching for Padres . Collmenter hit by pitch . Campana fouled out to third . Eaton singled to center , Collmenter to second . Boxberger pitching for Padres . Goldschmidt walked , Collmenter to third , Eaton to second . Prado walked , Collmenter scored , Eaton to third , Goldschmidt to second . Hill lined out to third . Parra struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia singled to center , Denorfia to second on error by center fielder Campana . Venable flied out to right . Gyorko struck out swinging . Amarista popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Gyorko at third base . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Guzman at second base . Montero flied out to center . Gregorius struck out swinging . Pollock hit for Collmenter . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Roe pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso walked . Guzman walked , Alonso to second . Hundley popped out to shortstop . Cedeno doubled to deep left , Alonso and Guzman scored . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Kotsay singled to center , Cedeno scored . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Denorfia struck out swinging . Venable singled to right , Kotsay to second . Gyorko singled to center , Kotsay scored , Venable to second . Fuentes hit for Stauffer . Fuentes grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Campana walked . Eaton sacrificed to third , Campana to second . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Prado doubled to deep left , Campana and Goldschmidt scored . Hill grounded out to pitcher . Parra lined out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Alonso singled to right . Guzman walked , Alonso to second . Hundley singled to left , Alonso scored , Guzman to third . Cedeno reached on bunt single to first , Guzman scored , Hundley to second . Kotsay sacrificed to pitcher , Hundley to third , Cedeno to second . Denorfia flied out to right . Venable intentionally walked . Gyorko lined out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Montero singled to right . Gregorius hit by pitch , Montero to second . Chavez hit for Ziegler . Pennington ran for Montero . Gyorko at second base . Guzman at third base . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gregorius out at second , Pennington to third . Chavez to second on fielder 's indifference . Campana struck out looking . Pennington out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Eaton batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 10th . Nieves catching . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera hit for Gregerson . Rivera struck out looking . Alonso lined out to left . Guzman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Gyorko at third base . Thayer pitching for Padres . Guzman at second base . Eaton singled to left . Gyorko at second base . Guzman at third base . Goldschmidt singled to left , Eaton to second . Prado flied out to center , Eaton to third . Goldschmidt to second on fielder 's indifference . Alonso in left field . Kotsay at first base . Hill singled to deep left center , Eaton scored , Goldschmidt to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 9 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Hill , D - backs walk off vs. Padres in 10th