Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Pollock singled to center . Bloomquist singled to left , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt singled to right center , Pollock scored , Bloomquist to third . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Bloomquist scored , Goldschmidt out at second . Hill grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig singled to right . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Puig out at second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Parra doubled to left , Parra to third on error by left fielder Van Slyke . Owings grounded out to second . Gosewisch doubled to left , Parra scored . Corbin grounded out to shortstop , Gosewisch to third . Pollock struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez walked . Young lined out to right . Van Slyke flied out to center . Ellis hit ground rule double to deep right , Gonzalez to third . Schumaker walked . Ryu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Puig grounded out to first . Punto singled to right center . Ramirez singled to left , Punto to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Hill singled to left center . Parra flied out to left . Owings singled to center , Hill to second . Gosewisch grounded out to second , Hill to third , Owings to second . Corbin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke grounded out to third . Ellis grounded out to pitcher . Schumaker singled to left . Ryu singled to right , Schumaker to second . Puig grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Pollock singled to right . Bloomquist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pollock out at second . Goldschmidt singled to left center . Prado fouled out to first , Goldschmidt to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez doubled to left . Gonzalez grounded out to first , Ramirez to third . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jin Ryu pitching for Dodgers . Hill reached on infield single to third . Parra grounded into double play , second to first , Hill out at second . Owings lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop . Ellis flied out to center . Schumaker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . League pitching for Dodgers . Gosewisch doubled to deep center . Corbin struck out bunting foul . Pollock walked . Bloomquist singled to left , Gosewisch to third , Pollock to second . Wilson pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt singled to center , Gosewisch scored , Pollock to third , Bloomquist to second . Prado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ellis hit for Wilson . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis struck out swinging . Puig homered to left ( 415 feet ) . Roe pitching for Diamondbacks . Punto flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Marmol pitching for Dodgers . Ellis at second base . Hill flied out to left . Parra struck out swinging . Owings walked . Owings stole second . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out looking . Young lined out to shortstop . Van Slyke flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Eaton hit for Hernandez . Garcia pitching for Dodgers . Eaton walked . Moylan pitching for Dodgers . Eaton caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pollock popped out to second . Bloomquist singled to right . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Bloomquist to third . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Eaton in left field . Ellis grounded out to third . Schumaker grounded out to first . Ellis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Dodgers 1 .	D - backs top Dodgers , avert sweep