Rockies - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon flied out to center . LeMahieu singled to right . Tulowitzki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Oswalt pitching for Rockies . Eaton struck out swinging . Hill struck out looking . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer grounded out to first . Rosario struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Rockies . Prado popped out to shortstop . Montero singled to center . Davidson doubled to center , Montero to third . Parra doubled to deep center , Montero and Davidson scored . Gregorius popped out to third . Miley grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to second . Culberson singled to left center . Oswalt sacrificed to catcher , Culberson to second . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Rockies . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Hill popped out to shortstop . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop . Cuddyer grounded out to third , Tulowitzki to second . Rosario lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Oswalt pitching for Rockies . Prado flied out to center . Montero singled to right . Davidson singled to left center , Montero to second . Parra lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Arenado walked . Culberson struck out swinging . Oswalt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Oswalt pitching for Rockies . Gregorius struck out swinging . Miley singled to center . Eaton flied out to left . Hill singled to right , Miley to third . Goldschmidt walked , Hill to second . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Prado popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon struck out looking . LeMahieu flied out to right . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Scahill pitching for Rockies . Montero hit ground rule double to deep left center . Davidson lined out to second . Parra doubled to left , Montero scored . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher , Parra to third . Miley doubled to deep left , Parra scored . Eaton struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer grounded out to third . Rosario singled to center . Helton doubled to center , Rosario scored . Arenado singled to right center , Helton scored . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Culberson lined out to center . Wheeler hit for Scahill . Wheeler grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Dickerson in left field . Boggs pitching for Rockies . Dickerson in left field . Boggs pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt tripled to right . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Montero struck out swinging . Davidson walked . Parra flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Eaton in left field . Prado at third base . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pollock in center field . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu flied out to right . Tulowitzki popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Gregorius singled to left center . Pollock singled to center , Gregorius to second . Eaton doubled to deep center , Gregorius scored , Pollock to third . Hill singled to center , Pollock and Eaton scored . Goldschmidt flied out to right . Prado walked , Hill to second . Manship pitching for Rockies . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Rosario singled to right . Rosario to second on fielder 's indifference . Helton struck out swinging . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 9 .	Miley , Parra lead D - backs to 9 - 2 win over Rockies