Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Eaton tripled to deep right . Pollock homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Eaton scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon lined out to left . Rutledge lined out to shortstop . Dickerson popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Parra grounded out to second . Nieves grounded out to third . Gregorius walked . Delgado reached on infield single to third , Gregorius to second . Eaton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to center . Helton lined out to center . Pacheco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tulowitzki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Pollock singled to right . Goldschmidt walked , Pollock to second . Prado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Pollock to third . Hill fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to second . Culberson singled to left . Culberson stole second . Chacin homered to left ( 363 feet ) , Culberson scored . Blackmon lined out to center . Rutledge flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Parra singled to shallow left . Nieves walked , Parra to second . Gregorius lined out to center . Delgado bunted into double play , first to third to second , Parra out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson popped out to first . Tulowitzki walked . Helton flied out to left . Pacheco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Eaton grounded out to second . Pollock hit by pitch . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado walked . Culberson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . Chacin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Prado singled to left . Prado to second on wild pitch by Chacin . Hill flied out to left . Parra walked . Nieves lined out to right , Prado to third . Gregorius walked , Parra to second . Bloomquist hit for Delgado . Bloomquist lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Rutledge singled to left . Dickerson homered to right center ( 422 feet ) , Rutledge scored . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Helton doubled to deep right . Pacheco reached on infield single to shortstop , Helton to third . Arenado struck out swinging . Culberson singled to left , Helton scored , Pacheco to second . Fowler hit for Chacin . Fowler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Boggs pitching for Rockies . Eaton grounded out to second . Pollock struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Prado grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . Rutledge grounded out to pitcher , Blackmon to second . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop , Blackmon to third . Langwell pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki homered to center ( 429 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Helton popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Hill flied out to center . Parra lined out to left . Nieves doubled to left . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Langwell pitching for Diamondbacks . Pacheco flied out to right . Arenado singled to center . Culberson walked , Arenado to second . Wheeler hit for Belisle . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at shortstop . Wheeler singled to right , Arenado scored , Culberson to third . Blackmon struck out swinging . Rutledge lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Wheeler at first base . Owings grounded out to first . Eaton grounded out to third . Pollock walked . Pollock to second on fielder 's indifference . Goldschmidt singled to center , Pollock scored . Prado walked , Goldschmidt to second . Hill lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 9 .	Rockies club 4 homers to beat Diamondbacks 9 - 4 .