Nationals - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kobernus lined out to center . Rendon singled to left . Hairston popped out to second . Moore singled to center , Rendon to second . Walters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Bloomquist singled to center . Eaton sacrificed to catcher , Bloomquist to second , Eaton safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Roark . Bloomquist to third on throwing error by pitcher Roark . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to center , Bloomquist scored . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton out at third . Hill grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lombardozzi singled to center . Solano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lombardozzi out at second . Perez reached on infield single to second . Roark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kobernus grounded out to second . Rendon walked . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rendon out at second . Moore lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Miley grounded out to third . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Eaton fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Walters grounded out to third . Lombardozzi safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bloomquist . Solano grounded out to third , Lombardozzi to second . Lombardozzi stole third . Perez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Prado singled to center . Hill fouled out to third . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Roark singled to center . Kobernus lined out to center . Rendon singled to center , Roark to second . Hairston lined into double play , left to second , Roark doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Parra grounded out to second . Gosewisch grounded out to third . Miley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore reached on infield single to third , Moore to second on throwing error by third baseman Prado . Walters safe at third on error by right fielder Parra , Moore scored . Lombardozzi singled to left , Walters scored . Solano fouled out to first . Perez struck out swinging . Roark grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Eaton grounded out to first . Goldschmidt popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kobernus lined out to center . Rendon lined out to left . Hairston flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Prado grounded out to second . Hill walked . Pollock safe at first on error by third baseman Rendon , Hill to second . Parra singled to left , Hill to third , Pollock to second . Gosewisch struck out looking . Nieves hit for Miley . Nieves grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore struck out looking . Walters flied out to right . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Bloomquist struck out swinging . Eaton singled to center . Goldschmidt singled to right , Eaton to third . Prado singled to left center , Eaton scored , Goldschmidt to second . Campana ran for Goldschmidt . Hill flied out to right , Campana to third . Pollock reached on infield single to pitcher , Campana scored , Prado to second . Cedeno pitching for Nationals . Parra grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Chavez at first base . Solano struck out swinging . Leon hit for Perez . Leon struck out swinging . Brown hit for Cedeno . Brown grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Diamondbacks 3 .	D - backs beat Nats 3 - 2 in Johnson 's final game