Brewers - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Nationals . Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop . Counsell singled to center , Weeks to third . Braun singled to left , Weeks scored , Counsell to second . Fielder hit by pitch , Counsell to third , Braun to second . McGehee walked , Counsell scored , Braun to third , Fielder to second . Edmonds hit by pitch , Braun scored , Fielder to third , McGehee to second . Zaun singled to left , Fielder scored , McGehee to third , Edmonds to second . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop , McGehee scored , Edmonds to third , Zaun to second . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Edmonds scored . Weeks walked , Zaun to third , Gomez to second . Counsell homered to right ( 383 feet ) , Zaun , Gomez and Weeks scored . Braun struck out swinging . Fielder walked . McGehee grounded out to second . 10 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Taveras struck out looking . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman singled to center . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Batista pitching for Nationals . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Willingham flied out to center . Rodriguez safe at second on error by center fielder Gomez . Maxwell lined out to second . Kennedy doubled to right , Rodriguez scored . Batista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . Batista pitching for Nationals . Davis struck out swinging . Weeks hit by pitch . Counsell flied out to left . Braun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Taveras singled to center . Guzman singled to center , Taveras to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guzman out at second , Taveras to third . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . McGehee singled to left . Edmonds walked , McGehee to second . Zaun lined out to left . Gomez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Willingham popped out to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . Maxwell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Davis grounded out to first . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Counsell walked . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Kennedy singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Kennedy to second . Taveras reached on bunt single to pitcher , Kennedy to third , Gonzalez to second . Guzman singled to center , Kennedy scored , Gonzalez to third , Taveras to second . Zimmerman singled to left , Gonzalez and Taveras scored , Guzman to second . Dunn grounded out to first , Guzman to third , Zimmerman to second . Willingham flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to right , Guzman scored , Zimmerman to third . Maxwell walked , Rodriguez to second . Kennedy flied out to center . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Fielder popped out to third . McGehee singled to left . Edmonds struck out swinging . Zaun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Gomez struck out swinging . Vargas struck out looking . Weeks doubled to deep left . Counsell fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman struck out looking . Dunn lined out to first . Willingham singled to center . Rodriguez doubled to deep left , Willingham to third . Desmond doubled to deep left , Willingham and Rodriguez scored . Kennedy singled to center , Desmond thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . English pitching for Nationals . Braun flied out to right . Fielder flied out to center . McGehee doubled to left . McGehee to third on wild pitch by English . Edmonds doubled to right center , McGehee scored . Zaun popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Taveras popped out to second . Guzman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Gomez flied out to right . Villanueva struck out swinging . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn singled to center . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dunn out at second . Willingham to second on fielder 's indifference . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 11 - Nationals 7 .	Brewers score 10 in first inning against Nats