Brewers - Top 1st . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Weeks struck out looking . Gomez flied out to right . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Iwamura struck out swinging . McCutchen flied out to right . Milledge singled to center . Milledge caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Jones batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Fielder homered to center ( 424 feet ) . McGehee flied out to right . Edmonds doubled to deep center . Kottaras grounded out to second , Edmonds to third . Escobar fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Jones walked . Church lined out to right . Jones stole second . Doumit reached on infield single to second , Jones to third . Young grounded out to shortstop , Doumit to second . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Wolf singled to center . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wolf out at second . Gomez singled to center , Weeks to third . Gomez stole second . Braun homered to left ( 414 feet ) , Weeks and Gomez scored . Fielder walked . McGehee struck out swinging . Edmonds singled to center , Fielder to second . Kottaras grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Cedeno doubled to deep center . Iwamura grounded out to shortstop , Cedeno to third . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . Milledge walked . Jones walked , Milledge to second . Church struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Escobar singled to left . Wolf grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . Weeks flied out to center . Gomez doubled to left , Wolf to third . Braun walked . Fielder singled to center , Wolf and Gomez scored , Braun to second . Braun stole third . McGehee singled to center , Braun scored , Fielder to second . Edmonds grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Doumit popped out to shortstop . Young doubled to deep right . Carrasco grounded out to third , Young to third . Cedeno popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Kottaras homered to center ( 436 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . Wolf singled to right . Weeks doubled to deep right , Wolf to third . Gomez struck out swinging . Braun doubled to deep right , Wolf and Weeks scored . Fielder popped out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Iwamura grounded out to second . McCutchen singled to left center . Milledge grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McCutchen out at second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Pirates . McGehee flied out to center . Edmonds struck out swinging . Kottaras walked . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Church singled to left . Doumit flied out to right . Young flied out to right . Church to second on wild pitch by Wolf . Jaramillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Inglett tripled to deep center . Weeks doubled to right , Inglett scored . Gomez walked . Braun singled to left center , Weeks to third , Gomez to second . Fielder struck out swinging . Counsell singled to center , Weeks and Gomez scored , Braun to second . Edmonds homered to right ( 396 feet ) , Braun and Counsell scored . Kottaras doubled to deep right . Escobar popped out to first . Inglett popped out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Cedeno struck out looking . Iwamura singled to right . McCutchen flied out to right . Milledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Pirates . Weeks popped out to first . Gomez walked . Gerut struck out swinging . Vargas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Jones singled to center . Church struck out swinging . Raynor struck out swinging . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Dotel pitching for Pirates . Counsell singled to center . Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep left center , Counsell to third . Kottaras hit sacrifice fly to center , Counsell scored . Escobar singled to left , Edmonds scored . Inglett struck out looking . Weeks singled to right , Escobar to second . Gomez safe at first on error by second baseman Iwamura , Escobar to third , Weeks to second . Gerut walked , Escobar scored , Weeks to third , Gomez to second . Parra singled to right , Weeks scored , Gomez to third , Gerut to second . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Parra out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Hoffman pitching for Brewers . Jaramillo flied out to left . Cedeno flied out to right . Diaz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 20 - Pirates 0 .	Brewers pound out 25 hits , rout Pirates 20 - 0