Pirates - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee . Church grounded out to second , LaRoche to second . Jones walked . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Weeks grounded out to first . Gomez singled to right . Braun flied out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Clement struck out swinging . Iwamura singled to left . Duke bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Iwamura out at second . Cedeno struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . McGehee walked . Hart flied out to center . Zaun walked , McGehee to second . Escobar struck out swinging . Gallardo doubled to deep center , McGehee and Zaun scored . Weeks struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . McCutchen flied out to center . LaRoche singled to left . Church grounded out to first , LaRoche to second . Jones walked . Doumit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Gomez bunt grounded out to pitcher . Braun singled to center . Fielder singled to right , Braun to second . McGehee grounded out to second , Braun to third , Fielder to second . Hart intentionally walked . Zaun doubled to deep left , Braun , Fielder and Hart scored . Escobar singled to right , Zaun to third . Gallardo singled to right , Zaun scored , Escobar to second . Weeks singled to left , Escobar scored , Gallardo to second . Gomez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Clement flied out to left . Iwamura safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Duke walked . Cedeno flied out to right , Iwamura to third . McCutchen doubled to left , Iwamura and Duke scored . LaRoche lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Braun walked . Fielder hit by pitch , Braun to second . Braun stole third . McGehee flied out to right . Hart hit sacrifice fly to left , Braun scored . Zaun singled to right , Fielder to second . Escobar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Church grounded out to first . Jones flied out to left . Doumit singled to right . Doumit to second on wild pitch by Gallardo . Clement reached first base on catcher 's interference . Clement batting . Iwamura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Gallardo walked . Weeks struck out swinging . Gomez struck out looking . Braun safe at first on error by third baseman LaRoche , Gallardo to second . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Milledge popped out to first . Cedeno flied out to center . McCutchen reached on infield single to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Meek pitching for Pirates . McGehee struck out swinging . Hart singled to right . Zaun singled to right , Hart to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zaun out at second , Hart to third . Inglett flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Church singled to right . Jones lined out to center . Doumit grounded into double play , third to second to first , Church out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Weeks struck out swinging . Gomez struck out swinging . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Crosby singled to left center . Iwamura walked , Crosby to second . Milledge lined out to left . Cedeno grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Iwamura out at second , Crosby to third . McCutchen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Dotel pitching for Pirates . Fielder singled to center . McGehee struck out swinging . Hart walked , Fielder to second . Zaun doubled to deep center , Fielder and Hart scored . Escobar homered to left center ( 385 feet ) , Zaun scored . Gerut flied out to center . Weeks walked . Gomez singled to left , Weeks to second . Braun walked , Weeks to third , Gomez to second . Fielder singled to right , Weeks scored , Gomez to third , Braun to second . McGehee homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Gomez , Braun and Fielder scored . Hart struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . LaRoche doubled to deep left . LaRoche to third on wild pitch by Suppan . Church struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to first , LaRoche scored . Doumit fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Brewers 17 .	Brewers muscle up to pummel Pirates again