Brewers - Top 1st . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Weeks struck out swinging . Gomez doubled to deep left . Gomez picked off second . Braun doubled to deep left . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Hairston Jr. singled to center . Eckstein hit by pitch , Hairston Jr. to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Headley struck out looking . Hairston struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Hart flied out to right . Counsell grounded out to shortstop . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Blanks struck out looking . Salazar struck out looking . Torrealba walked . LeBlanc reached on infield single to third , Torrealba to second , Torrealba to third , LeBlanc to second on throwing error by third baseman Counsell . Hairston Jr. lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 3rd . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Kottaras grounded out to first . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Eckstein flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Gomez struck out looking . Braun singled to left . Fielder flied out to center . Hart singled to center , Braun thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Hairston safe at first on error by third baseman Counsell . Blanks walked , Hairston to second . Salazar singled to left , Hairston scored , Blanks to second . Torrealba singled to center , Blanks scored , Salazar to second . LeBlanc reached on infield single to second , Salazar to third , Torrealba to second . Hairston Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Salazar scored , LeBlanc out at second , Torrealba to third . Eckstein singled to right , Torrealba scored , Hairston Jr. to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eckstein out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Counsell doubled to right . Escobar flied out to center . Kottaras singled to center , Counsell to third . Davis struck out swinging , Kottaras to second on wild pitch by LeBlanc . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Headley singled to center . Hairston singled to center , Headley to third . Blanks reached on infield single to third , Headley scored , Hairston to second . Salazar singled to center , Hairston to third , Blanks to second . Torrealba singled to left , Hairston and Blanks scored , Salazar to second . LeBlanc singled to left center , Salazar to third , Torrealba to second . Hairston Jr. singled to center , Salazar scored , Torrealba to third , LeBlanc to second . Eckstein grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Torrealba scored , Hairston Jr. out at second , LeBlanc to third . Gonzalez flied out to center . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Gomez flied out to center . Braun grounded out to first . Fielder singled to right center . Hart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Hairston Jr. , Fielder to second . Counsell fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Headley lined out to second . Hairston struck out looking . Blanks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . LeBlanc pitching for Padres . Escobar struck out swinging . Kottaras hit ground rule double to deep center . Suppan singled to left , Kottaras to third . Weeks walked , Suppan to second . Gomez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Weeks out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Salazar grounded out to third . Torrealba struck out looking . Stauffer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Braun struck out looking . Fielder flied out to center . Hart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Suppan pitching for Brewers . Hairston Jr. grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein flied out to left . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Counsell flied out to center . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Kottaras struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 0 - Padres 9 .	Padres tie team mark while blanking Brewers