Brewers - Top 1st . Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks singled to left . Weeks to second on passed ball by Snyder . Edmonds singled to right , Weeks to third . Braun struck out swinging . Edmonds to second on passed ball by Snyder . Fielder struck out swinging . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Johnson doubled to deep left center . Jackson singled to center , Johnson scored . Upton hit ground rule double to deep center , Jackson to third . LaRoche popped out to second . Reynolds singled to right , Jackson scored , Upton to third . Young walked , Reynolds to second . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Upton out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gerut homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Kottaras struck out swinging . Escobar struck out swinging . Wolf struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Snyder popped out to second . Valdez struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks singled to right . Edmonds grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Weeks out at second . Braun walked , Edmonds to second . Fielder singled to right , Edmonds scored , Braun to second . McGehee singled to left , Braun scored , Fielder to second . Gerut singled to right , Fielder to third , McGehee to second . Kottaras walked , Fielder scored , McGehee to third , Gerut to second . Escobar fouled out to first . Wolf safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche , McGehee scored , Gerut to third , Kottaras to second . Weeks struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Jackson popped out to second . Upton grounded out to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds flied out to center . Braun lined out to shortstop . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Reynolds safe at first on error by third baseman McGehee . Young flied out to center . Abreu flied out to center . Snyder struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee singled to right . Gerut tripled to deep right , McGehee scored . Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks . Kottaras walked . Escobar grounded out to first , Gerut scored , Kottaras to second . Wolf grounded out to second , Kottaras to third . Weeks singled to right , Kottaras scored . Edmonds walked , Weeks to second . Braun homered to center ( 467 feet ) , Weeks and Edmonds scored . Fielder struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Ojeda hit for Boyer . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Ojeda singled to left . Johnson struck out swinging . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ojeda out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Howry pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at second base . McGehee walked . Gerut flied out to left . Kottaras flied out to center . Escobar walked , McGehee to second . Wolf singled to center , McGehee scored , Escobar to second . Weeks lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Upton struck out swinging . LaRoche flied out to center . Reynolds homered to center ( 440 feet ) . Young walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Gillespie in center field . Stange pitching for Diamondbacks . Edmonds struck out swinging . Braun walked . Fielder popped out to shortstop . McGehee doubled to deep right , Braun scored . Gerut grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Parra pitching for Brewers . Counsell at third base . Snyder flied out to left . Ojeda grounded out to shortstop . Gillespie grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Stange pitching for Diamondbacks . Kottaras grounded out to third . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Edmonds at first base . Hart in right field . Gerut in center field . Parra pitching for Brewers . Jackson flied out to right . Upton struck out swinging . LaRoche struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks safe at second on error by shortstop Abreu . Edmonds struck out swinging . Braun doubled to deep center , Weeks scored . Hart struck out swinging . Inglett hit for Parra . Inglett singled to right , Braun to third . Gerut doubled to deep center , Braun and Inglett scored . Kottaras doubled to right , Gerut scored . Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks . Escobar flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Vargas pitching for Brewers . Inglett in left field . Reynolds flied out to center . Ryal hit for Heilman . Ryal walked . Abreu struck out looking . Snyder walked , Ryal to second . Ojeda flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 17 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Gerut hits for cycle as Brewers rock D - backs