Padres - Top 1st . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Eckstein popped out to shortstop . Tejada flied out to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Gonzalez to third on passed ball by Lucroy . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Correia pitching for Padres . Weeks grounded out to third . Escobar doubled to deep right . Braun lined out to center . Fielder safe at first on error by second baseman Eckstein , Escobar scored . McGehee singled to right , Fielder to second . Cain struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Headley reached on infield single to shortstop . Torrealba flied out to center . Headley stole second . Denorfia grounded out to third . Hairston fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Correia pitching for Padres . Dickerson reached on bunt single to second . Dickerson stole second . Lucroy grounded out to third . Narveson flied out to center , Dickerson to third . Weeks popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Correia flied out to left . Eckstein fouled out to third . Tejada walked . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Correia pitching for Padres . Escobar walked . Braun singled to left , Escobar to second . Fielder walked , Escobar to third , Braun to second . McGehee hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Cain singled to left , Braun to third , Fielder to second . Dickerson grounded out to third , Braun scored , Fielder to third , Cain to second . Lucroy intentionally walked . Narveson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Ludwick singled to center . Headley walked , Ludwick to second . Torrealba walked , Ludwick to third , Headley to second . Denorfia doubled to deep left center , Ludwick and Headley scored , Torrealba to third . McClendon pitching for Brewers . Hairston walked . Correia singled to center , Torrealba scored , Denorfia to third , Hairston to second . Eckstein grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Denorfia out at home , Hairston to third , Correia to second . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hairston out at home , Correia to third , Eckstein to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Correia pitching for Padres . Weeks struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to right . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . McClendon pitching for Brewers . Ludwick lined out to shortstop . Headley walked . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop , Headley to second . Denorfia struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Correia pitching for Padres . Fielder walked . McGehee singled to left , Fielder to second . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to first , McGehee out at second , Fielder to third . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Dickerson hit sacrifice fly to center , Fielder scored . Cain stole second . Lucroy singled to right , Cain scored . McClendon grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . McClendon pitching for Brewers . Hairston lined out to left . Venable hit for Thatcher . Venable flied out to center . Eckstein walked . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Hundley catching . Frieri pitching for Padres . Venable in left field . Weeks popped out to first . Escobar grounded out to third . Braun homered to left ( 387 feet ) . Fielder struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Braddock pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ludwick popped out to shortstop . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Frieri pitching for Padres . McGehee popped out to second . Cain grounded out to third . Dickerson hit ground rule double to deep right center . Lucroy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Hundley lined out to shortstop . Denorfia singled to left . Stairs hit for Frieri . Denorfia to second on wild pitch by Loe . Stairs homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Denorfia scored . Inglett in right field . Venable singled to left . Axford pitching for Brewers . Eckstein struck out swinging , Venable stole second . Tejada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Inglett popped out to second . Weeks walked . Escobar lined out to left . Braun walked , Weeks to second . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ludwick struck out swinging . Headley flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 5 - Brewers 6 .	Brewers edge Padres as Braun ends HR drought