Brewers - Top 1st . Gee pitching for Mets . Weeks struck out swinging . Braun walked . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Feliciano singled to center . Pagan singled to left center , Feliciano to second . Feliciano to third , Pagan to second on wild pitch by Narveson . Wright struck out looking . Hessman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Gee pitching for Mets . Fielder walked . Hart singled to deep center , Fielder to third . Cain grounded out to third , Hart to second . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop , Fielder scored , Hart to third . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hart scored , Escobar out at second . Narveson reached on infield single to second , Lucroy to second . Weeks reached on infield single to pitcher , Lucroy to third , Narveson to second . Braun fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Duda struck out swinging . Nickeas struck out swinging . Tejada walked . Gee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Gee pitching for Mets . McGehee doubled to deep right . Fielder grounded out to second , McGehee to third . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , McGehee out at home . Cain flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Feliciano grounded out to second . Pagan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Gee pitching for Mets . Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop . Lucroy flied out to center . Narveson sacrificed to pitcher , Escobar to second . Weeks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Wright grounded out to shortstop . Hessman walked . Duda doubled to deep right center , Hessman scored . Nickeas struck out swinging . Tejada walked . Gee struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Gee pitching for Mets . Braun fouled out to catcher . McGehee flied out to center . Fielder walked . Hart safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes , Fielder to third . Cain doubled to deep center , Fielder and Hart scored . Escobar grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 5th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Reyes struck out swinging . Feliciano grounded out to second . Pagan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Gee pitching for Mets . Lucroy fouled out to first . Narveson flied out to left . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Wright grounded out to second . Hessman struck out swinging . Duda struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Igarashi pitching for Mets . Braun flied out to right . McGehee flied out to right . Fielder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Arias hit for Nickeas . Narveson pitching for Brewers . Arias flied out to left . Tejada reached on bunt single to pitcher . Davis hit for Igarashi . Davis popped out to shortstop . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Thole catching . Arias at second base . Green pitching for Mets . Davis at first base . Hart grounded out to third . Cain struck out looking . Escobar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Brewers . Feliciano grounded out to second . Pagan struck out swinging . Wright singled to left . Thole doubled to deep right center , Wright scored . Braddock pitching for Brewers . Duda struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Green pitching for Mets . Lucroy flied out to center . Dickerson hit for Braddock . Dickerson walked . Weeks hit by pitch , Dickerson to second . Braun singled to right , Dickerson scored , Weeks to third . McGehee safe at first on throwing error by catcher Thole , Weeks scored , Braun advanced to second on Thole throwing error , Braun to third , McGehee to second on throwing error by first baseman Davis . Fielder intentionally walked . Hart singled to right , Braun scored , McGehee to third , Fielder to second . Acosta pitching for Mets . Cain reached on infield single to third , McGehee scored , Fielder to third , Hart to second . Escobar struck out looking . Lucroy walked , Fielder scored , Hart to third , Cain to second . Dickerson flied out to left . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Arias struck out swinging . Carter hit for Acosta . Carter singled to left center . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 9 - Mets 2 .	Brewers win , ensure Mets will have losing year