Angels - Top 1st. Lohse pitching for Twins. Figgins doubled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Figgins to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to center, Figgins scored. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Stewart flied out to right. Castillo grounded out to second. Redmond flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Erstad doubled to deep right. Izturis grounded out to second, Erstad to third. Kotchman grounded out to second, Erstad scored. Mathis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Sierra doubled to deep right. Hunter grounded out to first, Sierra to third. Morneau singled to left, Sierra scored. Batista walked, Morneau to second. Ford walked, Morneau to third, Batista to second. Castro struck out swinging. Stewart reached on infield single to third, Morneau scored, Batista to third, Ford to second. Castillo singled to center, Batista and Ford scored, Stewart to second. Redmond struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lohse pitching for Twins. Kennedy singled to center. Figgins flied out to left. Cabrera homered to left, Kennedy scored. Guerrero lined out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Sierra popped out to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Erstad popped out to third. Izturis hit by pitch. Kotchman singled to center, Izturis to third. Mathis walked, Kotchman to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Kennedy singled to right, Izturis and Kotchman scored, Mathis to third. Figgins singled to right, Mathis scored, Kennedy to second. Cabrera walked, Kennedy to third, Figgins to second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy scored, Cabrera out at second, Figgins to third. Anderson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Batista struck out swinging. Ford flied out to right. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Erstad doubled to deep center. Izturis singled to deep right, Erstad scored, Izturis to second advancing on throw. Kotchman flied out to left, Izturis to third. Mathis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at home. Kennedy grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Stewart fouled out to catcher. Castillo singled to left. Redmond lined out to right. Eyre pitching for Twins. Sierra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Figgins grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to right. Guerrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Hunter walked. Morneau struck out swinging. Hunter to second on balk by Santana. Batista grounded out to third. Ford singled to left, Hunter scored. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Castro doubled to deep center, Ford scored. Stewart singled to right, Castro scored. Castillo walked, Stewart to second. Redmond safe at first on error by right fielder Guerrero, Stewart scored, Castillo to third. Sierra fouled out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Anderson struck out looking. Erstad grounded out to second. Izturis walked. Izturis stole second. Kotchman singled to center, Izturis scored. Mathis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Hunter homered to right. Shields pitching for Angels. Morneau struck out swinging. Batista flied out to center. Ford grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Kennedy singled to right. Rincon pitching for Twins. Figgins struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Castro grounded out to second. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Erstad grounded out to second. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Mauer hit for Redmond. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Mauer reached on infield single to first. Punto ran for Sierra. Sierra walked, Mauer to second. Hunter singled to right, Mauer to third, Punto to second. Morneau fouled out to third. Batista struck out swinging. Ford walked, Mauer scored, Punto to third, Hunter to second. Mauer catching. Nathan pitching for Twins. Castro grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 10th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Kotchman flied out to left. Mathis grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy doubled to deep right. Romero pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Romero pitching for Angels. Stewart struck out looking. Castillo walked. Castillo stole second. Cuddyer hit for Punto. Mauer grounded out to pitcher, Castillo to third. Cuddyer homered to right center, Castillo scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Twins 12.	Cuddyer pinch-homer lifts Twins past Angels in 10