Twins - Top 1st. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Stewart grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to third. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr singled to left. Young grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira singled to right. Nevin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Hunter singled to center. Cuddyer lined into double play, right to first, Hunter doubled off first. Morneau singled to center. White flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Blalock singled to center. Mench lined into double play, second to first, Blalock doubled off first. Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Batista singled to left. Punto reached on bunt single to second, Batista to second. Stewart walked, Batista to third, Punto to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Batista scored, Stewart out at second, Punto to third. Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left, Punto scored. Hunter singled to left, Castillo to second. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hunter out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Barajas doubled to deep left. DeRosa grounded out to second, Barajas to third. Matthews Jr walked. Young walked, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira singled to right, Barajas scored, Matthews Jr out at home, Young to third, Teixeira to second advancing on throw. Nevin singled to center, Young and Teixeira scored. Blalock singled to right, Nevin to second. Mench singled to left, Nevin scored, Blalock to third, Mench out stretching at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Morneau flied out to center. White flied out to right. Batista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Radke pitching for Twins. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Barajas lined out to right. DeRosa grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Punto grounded out to shortstop. Stewart flied out to center. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Radke pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr doubled to deep center. Young doubled to deep right, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira intentionally walked. Nevin flied out to right. Blalock singled to left, Matthews Jr scored, Young tagged out at home, Teixeira to second, Teixeira to third advancing on throw. Teixeira scored, Blalock to second on wild pitch by Radke. Mench grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. Mauer grounded out to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Cuddyer singled to center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Wilkerson grounded out to third. Barajas grounded out to second. DeRosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Koronka pitching for Rangers. White singled to left. Batista flied out to center. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Punto walked, White to second. Stewart struck out swinging. Castillo singled to left, White scored, Punto to second. Mauer lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young doubled to deep left. Eyre pitching for Twins. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop, Young to third. Nevin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Hunter grounded out to second. Cuddyer doubled to deep center. Morneau flied out to left. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Eyre pitching for Twins. Blalock singled to right. Mench struck out swinging. Wilkerson flied out to center. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez hit for Batista. Barajas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Brown in center field. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Punto reached on infield single to shortstop. Stewart singled to right, Punto to third. Castillo grounded out to first, Punto scored, Stewart to second. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Rangers 6.	Blalock, Rangers ensure Twins' road woes continue