White Sox - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Podsednik singled to center. Iguchi hit by pitch, Podsednik to second. Thome flied out to center, Podsednik to third. Konerko popped out to second. Dye homered to center, Podsednik and Iguchi scored. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Stewart singled to center. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stewart safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Buehrle. Redmond singled to right, Stewart scored, Castillo to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redmond safe at second on error by shortstop Uribe. Cuddyer singled to left, Castillo scored, Redmond to third, Hunter to second. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to left, Redmond scored, Hunter to third. White doubled to deep right, Hunter scored, Cuddyer to third. Batista singled to left, Cuddyer and White scored. Castro singled to right, Batista to third. Stewart singled to left, Batista scored, Castro to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Redmond popped out to second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Crede struck out looking. Uribe singled to center. Anderson singled to left, Uribe to second. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Hunter popped out to second. Cuddyer flied out to right. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Iguchi fouled out to first. Thome homered to left center. Konerko grounded out to third. Dye popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. White fouled out to first. Batista grounded out to second. Castro singled to center. Castro picked off first. Stewart batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Pierzynski homered to right. Crede grounded out to first. Uribe singled to center. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Uribe safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Castillo. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Podsednik tripled to deep right, Uribe and Anderson scored. Iguchi safe at first on error by third baseman Batista, Podsednik scored. Thome singled to deep right, Iguchi to third. Konerko hit sacrifice fly to left, Iguchi scored. Dye struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Stewart singled to right. Castillo walked, Stewart to second. Redmond lined out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop, Stewart to third, Castillo to second. Punto at shortstop. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Crede struck out swinging. Uribe singled to center. Anderson singled to right, Uribe to second. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Morneau singled to center. White grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Iguchi grounded out to third. Thome grounded out to second. Konerko fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Punto reached on bunt single to first. Stewart walked, Punto to second. Castillo bunt popped into triple play, first to second to shortstop, Stewart out at first, Punto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Dye flied out to center. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Crede flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Redmond hit ground rule double to deep center. Hunter flied out to center. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Cuddyer walked. Morneau flied out to center. Crain pitching for Twins. White flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Crain pitching for Twins. Uribe fouled out to right. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik reached on infield single to third. Podsednik stole second. Iguchi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Batista flied out to center. Punto walked. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to second, Punto out at second. Stewart stole second. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Thome grounded out to shortstop. Gload ran for Konerko. Konerko doubled to deep left center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Dye fouled out to catcher. Gload at first base. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Minnesota's Manager Gardenhire ejected by Scott in the 9th. Hunter walked. Hunter to second on wild pitch by Jenks. Cuddyer struck out looking, Hunter stole third. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 9 - Twins 7.	ChiSox allow 7 in first, hold off Twins