Twins - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Ford singled to left. Castillo reached on infield single to second, Ford to second. Mauer doubled to deep center, Ford and Castillo scored, Mauer to third on error by catcher Molina. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to left, Mauer scored. Kubel singled to center. Morneau lined into double play, second to first, Kubel doubled off first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Figgins grounded out to third. Cabrera walked. Anderson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Redmond lined out to second. Batista struck out looking. Punto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Morales grounded out to pitcher. Salmon safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Batista. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Ford safe at first on error by third baseman Quinlan. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ford out at second. Mauer singled to center, Castillo to third. Hunter singled to left, Castillo scored, Mauer to second. Kubel struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Quinlan lined out to third. Molina walked. Figgins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Redmond batting. Batista grounded out to third. Punto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to third. Anderson struck out swinging. Guerrero batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Ford flied out to left. Castillo flied out to center. Mauer doubled to center. Mauer to third on wild pitch by Santana. Hunter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Morales grounded out to shortstop. Salmon grounded out to second. Rivera walked. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Kubel singled to left center. Morneau hit by pitch, Kubel to second. Redmond grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first to shortstop to first, Morneau out at second, Kubel to third. Kubel picked off third. Batista batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Molina walked. Figgins struck out swinging. Molina to third, Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Anderson struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Batista flied out to right. Punto doubled to center. Ford grounded out to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Castillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Morales flied out to right. Salmon struck out swinging. McPherson hit for Quinlan. Rivera doubled to center. Kennedy hit for Molina. McPherson reached on infield single to shortstop, Rivera scored, McPherson to second on throwing error by shortstop Punto. McPherson at third base. Napoli catching. Romero pitching for Angels. Kennedy grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Romero pitching for Angels. Mauer grounded out to first. Hunter grounded out to second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Kubel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. Figgins walked. Cabrera flied out to center. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Anderson flied into double play, right to first, Figgins doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Morneau singled to center. Redmond singled to center, Morneau to second, Morneau to third on error by center fielder Rivera. Batista doubled to center, Morneau and Redmond scored. Punto singled to left, Batista scored. Ford singled to center, Punto to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ford out at second, Punto to third. Nathan pitching for Twins. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Guerrero struck out swinging. Aybar hit for Salmon. Morales struck out swinging. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 7 - Angels 1.	Liriano, Mauer help Twins snap losing skid vs. Angels