Twins - Top 1st. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Punto flied out to left. Mauer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. DeJesus struck out swinging. Grudzielanek singled to center. Mientkiewicz singled to left, Grudzielanek to second. Sanders singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Stairs grounded out to shortstop, Mientkiewicz to third, Sanders to second. Teahen lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Cuddyer flied out to left. Morneau fouled out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Berroa popped out to second. Buck singled to right. Gathright flied out to right. DeJesus popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Stewart flied out to left. Kubel flied out to left. Bartlett singled to center. Castillo singled to right, Bartlett to third. Punto singled to right, Bartlett scored, Castillo to second. Mauer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Grudzielanek doubled to right. Mientkiewicz flied out to center, Grudzielanek to third. Sanders hit sacrifice fly to center, Grudzielanek scored. Stairs singled to right. Teahen grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Cuddyer flied out to center. Morneau doubled to center. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at third. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Radke pitching for Twins. Berroa doubled to center. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Gathright singled to left, Berroa to third. DeJesus hit sacrifice fly to center, Berroa scored. Gathright stole second. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to shortstop, Gathright to third. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Kubel lined out to first. Bartlett walked. Castillo walked, Bartlett to second. Punto grounded out to first, Bartlett to third, Castillo to second. Mauer singled to right, Bartlett and Castillo scored. Cuddyer singled to center, Mauer to second. Morneau flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Radke pitching for Twins. Sanders grounded out to shortstop. Stairs singled to left center, Stairs out stretching at second. Teahen tripled to deep center. Berroa grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Hunter struck out swinging. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Kubel walked. Crain pitching for Twins. Bartlett lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Crain pitching for Twins. Buck flied out to center. Gathright walked. DeJesus struck out looking. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gathright out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Royals. Castillo singled to center. Castillo stole second. Kansas City's Manager Bell ejected by Hallion in the 7th. Punto grounded out to second, Castillo to third. Mauer intentionally walked. Mauer to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer. Affeldt pitching for Royals. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castillo out at home, Mauer to third. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Mientkiewicz flied out to right. Sanders singled to right. Reyes pitching for Twins. German hit for Stairs. German singled to left, Sanders to second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Teahen grounded out to first, Sanders to third, German to second. Berroa intentionally walked. Sanders scored, German to third, Berroa to second on passed ball by Mauer. Buck doubled to right center, German and Berroa scored. Dessens pitching for Royals. Gathright grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Dessens pitching for Royals. Hunter singled to center. Stewart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. Kubel flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Rincon pitching for Twins. DeJesus flied out to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to second. Burgos pitching for Royals. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Burgos pitching for Royals. Bartlett singled to left. Castillo grounded into double play, second to first, Bartlett out at second. Punto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - Royals 6.	K.C. survives Twins, finally wins one on the road