Tigers - Top 1st. Radke pitching for Twins. Granderson singled to left. Polanco singled to center, Granderson to second. Monroe singled to left, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson scored, Monroe out at second, Polanco to third. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to first, Polanco scored, Ordonez out at second. Young singled to right, Guillen to second. Thames flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castillo walked. Punto grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castillo out at second. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Radke pitching for Twins. Inge doubled to center. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Inge to third. Granderson hit sacrifice fly to center, Inge scored. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer struck out looking. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. White singled to left. Rabe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Radke pitching for Twins. Monroe singled to left. Ordonez singled to right center, Monroe to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ordonez out at second, Monroe to third. Young hit sacrifice fly to left, Monroe scored. Thames grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Tyner reached on infield single to second. Bartlett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tyner out at second. Castillo singled to center. Lohse pitching for Twins. Punto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Inge singled to center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inge out at second. Granderson homered to center, Wilson scored. Polanco walked. Monroe flied out to left. Ordonez fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Mauer grounded out to first. Cuddyer singled to center. Morneau homered to right center, Cuddyer scored. White struck out looking. Rabe singled to right center. Tyner lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to second. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Bartlett grounded out to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Punto lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Inge reached on infield single to third. Inge to second on balk by Lohse. Wilson sacrificed to third, Inge to third. Granderson grounded out to shortstop. Polanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Mauer grounded out to first. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Neshek pitching for Twins. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Monroe flied out to left. Ordonez struck out looking. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. White singled to right. Rabe homered to left, White scored. Tyner reached on infield single to first. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Bartlett struck out swinging. Tyner to second on wild pitch by Zumaya. Tyner to third on wild pitch by Zumaya. Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center, Tyner scored. Punto flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Twins. Young homered to left. Thames singled to center. Inge struck out swinging. Reyes pitching for Twins. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. Wilson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Shelton at first base. Granderson batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Mauer flied out to left. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Morneau singled to right. Kubel hit for Rabe. White singled to left, Morneau to second. Kubel in left field. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Monroe singled to center, Polanco to third. Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to right, Polanco scored. Jones pitching for Tigers. Guillen struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Tyner reached on bunt single to second. Bartlett singled to right, Tyner to second. Castillo struck out looking. Punto struck out swinging. Mauer singled to left, Tyner scored, Bartlett to third. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Twins 6.	Robertson (10-6), Tigers beat Twins for 70th victory