Tigers - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Polanco doubled to left. Thames grounded out to third. Monroe struck out swinging. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Castillo reached on bunt single to third, Castillo to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge.L Castillo to third on error by right fielder Ordonez. Punto struck out swinging. Mauer flied out to center, Castillo thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Guillen flied out to right. Inge grounded out to third. Shelton singled to center. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer flied out to center. Morneau struck out swinging. Rabe in left field. White grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Clevlen doubled to left. Polanco singled to center, Clevlen scored. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. Monroe walked, Thames to second. Ordonez popped out to second. Guillen walked, Thames to third, Monroe to second. Inge flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. Tyner flied out to center. Bartlett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Shelton walked. Wilson singled to left center, Shelton to third, Wilson to second on throwing error by left fielder Rabe. Clevlen struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to right. Thames lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Castillo grounded out to second. Punto struck out swinging. Mauer lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Monroe doubled to deep left. Ordonez doubled to left, Monroe scored. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Shelton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer flied out to right. Morneau struck out swinging. Rabe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Wilson singled to center. Clevlen walked, Wilson to second. Wilson caught stealing third, catcher to third, Clevlen to second on runner's fielder's choice. Crain pitching for Twins. Granderson hit for Thames. Polanco singled to center, Clevlen scored. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. Granderson in center field. Clevlen in left field. Monroe lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Redmond lined out to third. Tyner grounded out to second. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Crain pitching for Twins. Ordonez flied out to right. Guillen singled to left, Guillen to second on throwing error by left fielder Rabe. Inge hit by pitch. Shelton struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Castillo walked. Punto struck out swinging, Castillo stole second. Mauer flied out to center. Reyes pitching for Twins. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Clevlen singled to right. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Clevlen out at second. Neshek pitching for Twins. Young hit for Monroe. Granderson lined out to second. Young popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Kubel hit for Rabe. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Morneau reached on infield single to shortstop, Morneau to second on throwing error by shortstop Guillen. Kubel safe at first on error by first baseman Shelton, Morneau scored. Redmond doubled to left, Kubel scored. Tyner singled to right, Redmond to third. Bartlett reached on infield single to third, Tyner to second. Redmond scored, Tyner to third, Bartlett to second on balk by Bonderman. Castillo grounded out to shortstop, Tyner scored. Punto flied out to left. Mauer intentionally walked. Walker pitching for Tigers. Cuddyer tripled to deep right center, Bartlett and Mauer scored. Kubel in left field. Nathan pitching for Twins. Morneau struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Ordonez doubled to deep right center. Guillen struck out looking. Inge struck out looking. Shelton singled to right, Ordonez scored. Wilson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Twins 6.	Twins capitalize on blunders in eighth to top Tigers