Twins - Top 1st. Byrd pitching for Indians. Castillo walked. Punto struck out looking. Castillo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Sizemore walked. Luna singled to center, Sizemore to second. Blake singled to center, Sizemore scored, Luna to second. Garko popped out to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blake out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher. Morneau flied out to left. Hunter safe at first on error by first baseman Garko. Nevin singled to right center, Hunter to third. Tyner singled to left, Hunter scored, Nevin to second. Bartlett lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Byrd pitching for Indians. Castillo flied out to center. Punto singled to center. Mauer reached on bunt single to pitcher, Punto to second. Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher, Punto to third, Mauer to second. Morneau intentionally walked. Hunter singled to left, Punto and Mauer scored, Morneau to second, Morneau to third, Hunter to second on throwing error by left fielder Gutierrez. Nevin singled to left, Morneau and Hunter scored. Tyner singled to center, Nevin to second. Bartlett struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Shoppach walked. Sizemore singled to right, Shoppach to second. Luna grounded into double play, third to first, Shoppach out at third, Sizemore to second. Blake grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Castillo walked. Punto lined out to shortstop. Mauer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Garko flied out to left. Kouzmanoff singled to left. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kouzmanoff out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Cuddyer popped out to second. Morneau flied out to left. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Gutierrez lined out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Shoppach singled to left. Sizemore popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Byrd pitching for Indians. Nevin popped out to second. Tyner doubled to right. Bartlett popped out to shortstop. Castillo walked. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Luna singled to right. Blake grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Luna out at second. Perez pitching for Indians. Garko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Mauer singled to center. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to left. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Hunter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Kouzmanoff grounded out to third. Peralta flied out to right. Miller pitching for Indians. Gutierrez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Indians. Nevin walked. Tyner walked, Nevin to second. Bartlett singled to deep left center, Nevin to third, Tyner to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nevin out at home, Tyner to third, Bartlett to second. Punto hit sacrifice fly to center, Tyner scored. Mauer grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Marte flied out to center. Shoppach flied out to center. Slocum pitching for Indians. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Slocum pitching for Indians. Cuddyer singled to left. Morneau flied out to center. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Luna singled to right. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Luna out at second. Garko singled to right, Blake to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, third to second to first, Garko out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Indians 1.	Defense backs Baker in Twins win