Twins - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Castillo struck out looking. Punto singled to left. Redmond grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Punto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Roberts singled to center. Gomez flied out to center. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Tejada doubled to deep center, Markakis scored. Gibbons grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Cuddyer walked. Morneau struck out looking. Hunter singled to left, Cuddyer to third, Hunter out stretching at second. White singled to right, Cuddyer scored. Nevin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, White out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Hernandez struck out looking. Patterson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett. Millar doubled to right, Patterson to third. Fiorentino hit sacrifice fly to center, Patterson scored. Roberts flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Bartlett singled to left. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bartlett out at second. Punto singled to right. Redmond doubled to deep right, Punto to third. Cuddyer struck out swinging, Cuddyer safe at on error by player player, Punto and Redmond scored, Cuddyer to second on throwing error by catcher Hernandez. Morneau singled to center, Cuddyer scored. Hunter grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Markakis singled to left. Tejada popped out to second. Gibbons singled to center, Markakis to third. Hernandez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. White doubled to deep center. Nevin sacrificed to pitcher, White to third. Bartlett struck out swinging. Castillo walked. Punto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Patterson tripled to deep right. Millar grounded out to shortstop, Patterson scored. Fiorentino grounded out to shortstop. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Roberts doubled to deep right. Gomez singled to left, Roberts scored. Markakis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Redmond singled to center. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redmond out at second. Morneau grounded out to pitcher, Cuddyer to second. Hunter homered to left, Cuddyer scored. White singled to center. Nevin singled to right, White to third. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Bartlett popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Gibbons walked. Hernandez bunt grounded out to third, Gibbons to second. Tiffee at first base. Patterson reached on infield single to pitcher, Gibbons scored, Patterson to second on throwing error by pitcher Guerrier. Millar walked. Fiorentino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Castillo walked. Castillo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Punto struck out looking. Perkins pitching for Twins. Redmond struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Roberts flied out to right. Gomez lined out to pitcher. Markakis singled to right. Neshek pitching for Twins. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Tejada lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Cuddyer singled to left. Morneau struck out swinging. Cuddyer stole second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cuddyer out at third. Hunter caught stealing second, catcher to second. White batting. Reyes pitching for Twins. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Reyes pitching for Twins. Gibbons grounded out to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Patterson singled to center. Crain pitching for Twins. Patterson stole second. Williams pitching for Orioles. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. White singled to center. Ford ran for White. Tiffee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. Bartlett walked. Castillo singled to center, Bartlett to third. Punto singled to center, Bartlett scored, Castillo to third. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Ford in left field. Crain pitching for Twins. Fiorentino lined out to third. Roberts grounded out to first. Gomez singled to center. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Cuddyer walked. Morneau flied out to left, Cuddyer thrown out at second. Hunter doubled to deep right. Ford singled to right center, Hunter scored. Chen pitching for Orioles. Tiffee singled to right, Ford to third. Nathan pitching for Twins. Bartlett popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Tejada lined out to center. Gibbons flied out to right. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 8 - Orioles 5.	Twins find way, inch closer to playoffs