Mariners - Top 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Weeks struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Walker pitching for Mariners . Fuld lined out to right . Canha reached on infield single to second . Zobrist doubled to deep center , Canha scored . Butler struck out swinging . Davis singled to right center , Zobrist scored . Lawrie walked , Davis to second . Vogt singled to center , Davis scored , Lawrie to second . Lawrie to third , Vogt to second on wild pitch by Walker . Semien struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Cruz popped out to first . Seager lined out to left . Ruggiano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Sogard grounded out to shortstop . Fuld singled to left . Canha homered to left center ( 434 feet ) , Fuld scored . Zobrist struck out swinging . Butler popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Morrison flied out to center . Zunino struck out swinging . Bloomquist popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Walker pitching for Mariners . Davis lined out to right . Lawrie grounded out to third . Vogt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Weeks struck out swinging . Jackson singled to left . Canó grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Walker pitching for Mariners . Semien doubled to left . Sogard grounded out to shortstop , Semien to third . Fuld singled to center , Semien scored . Canha singled to left , Fuld to third , Canha to second advancing on throw . Zobrist intentionally walked . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Butler reached on infield single to shortstop , Fuld scored , Canha to third , Zobrist to second . Davis doubled to deep right center , Canha and Zobrist scored , Butler to third . Lawrie fouled out to first . Vogt intentionally walked . Semien singled to right center , Butler and Davis scored , Vogt to third , Semien to second on error by right fielder Ruggiano . Sogard struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Cruz flied out to left . Seager grounded out to third . Ruggiano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Fuld singled to right . Canha grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fuld out at second . Zobrist doubled to left , Canha to third . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Morrison flied out to left . Zunino struck out swinging . Bloomquist fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Lawrie grounded out to second . Vogt grounded out to first . Semien lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Weeks struck out swinging . Jackson singled to center . Canó grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jackson out at second . Cruz fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Miller at shortstop . Bloomquist at second base . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Sogard lined out to left . Fuld grounded out to first . Medina pitching for Mariners . Canha grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Fuld in right field . Ladendorf in center field . Abad pitching for Athletics . Seager singled to center . Ruggiano walked , Seager to second . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ruggiano out at second , Seager to third . Zunino popped out to shortstop . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morrison out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Ladendorf singled to center . Ross hit for Butler . Ross walked , Ladendorf to second . Davis doubled to deep right center , Ladendorf scored , Ross to third . Lawrie struck out swinging . Vogt struck out swinging . Semien lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Alvarez pitching for Athletics . Weeks flied out to right . Jackson walked . Miller struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 0 - Athletics 12 .	Pomeranz pitches A 's past Mariners 12 - 0