Mariners - Top 1st . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Smith flied out to left . Canó grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Fuld grounded out to pitcher . Canha grounded out to third . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Cruz flied out to center . Seager lined out to left . Morrison grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Butler singled to left . Davis struck out looking . Vogt singled to right , Butler to second . Lawrie singled to left , Butler to third , Vogt to second . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Butler out at home , Vogt to third , Lawrie to second . Semien flied out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Ackley grounded out to second . Zunino popped out to shortstop . Miller grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Fuld walked . Canha popped into double play , catcher to pitcher , Fuld doubled off first . Zobrist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Jackson flied out to left . Smith flied out to center . Canó struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Butler doubled to deep right . Davis singled to center , Butler scored , Davis to second on error by center fielder Jackson . Vogt tripled to right , Davis scored . Lawrie fouled out to first . Reddick singled to center , Vogt scored . Semien grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reddick out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Cruz struck out swinging . Seager safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Semien . Morrison grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Fuld doubled to right . Canha lined out to second . Zobrist grounded out to first , Fuld to third . Butler walked . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Ackley doubled to deep right . Zunino singled to right , Ackley to third . Miller hit sacrifice fly to center , Ackley scored . Jackson walked , Zunino to second . Smith grounded out to first , Zunino to third , Jackson to second . Canó safe at first on error by right fielder Reddick , Zunino and Jackson scored . Cruz walked , Canó to second . Seager singled to center , Canó scored , Seager to second , Cruz to second , Cruz to third advancing on throw . O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics . Morrison grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Vogt struck out looking . Lawrie singled to center . Reddick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lawrie out at second . Semien fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics . Ackley singled to right center . Zunino singled to left center , Ackley to second . Miller struck out bunting foul . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Ackley to third , Zunino to second . Weeks hit for Smith . Weeks homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Ackley and Zunino scored . Canó struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Fuld lined out to center . Canha struck out swinging . Zobrist flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Cruz lined out to third . Seager struck out swinging . Morrison flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Butler singled to center . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Ross hit for Davis . Butler to second on wild pitch by Furbush . Ross struck out looking . Vogt grounded out to second , Butler to third . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Canha at first base . Ross in left field . Alvarez pitching for Athletics . Ackley flied out to right . Zunino walked . Zunino to second on passed ball by Vogt . Miller flied out to left . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Rodney pitching for Mariners . Reddick doubled to deep left center . Semien walked . Fuld doubled to deep right , Reddick and Semien scored . Canha reached on infield single to third . Zobrist walked , Fuld to third , Canha to second . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fuld scored , Zobrist out at second , Canha to third . Sogard singled to left , Canha scored . Vogt grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Clippard pitching for Athletics . Weeks popped out to first . Canó lined out to center . Cruz homered to left ( 349 feet ) . Seager flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Lawrie struck out swinging . Reddick flied out to left . Semien grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Athletics 7 .	Nelson Cruz homers in 10th , lifts Mariners over Athletics