White Sox - Top 1st . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Eaton hit ground rule double to deep right . Cabrera walked . Abreu singled to right , Eaton to third , Cabrera to second . LaRoche walked , Eaton scored , Cabrera to third , Abreu to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera out at home , Abreu to third , LaRoche to second . Gillaspie singled to right center , Abreu scored , LaRoche to third , García to second . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaRoche out at home , García to third , Gillaspie to second . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramírez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Crisp lined out to center . Semien struck out swinging . Reddick walked . Butler safe at first on error by third baseman Gillaspie , Reddick to second . Lawrie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Sánchez struck out looking . Eaton grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Phegley lined out to left . Canha grounded out to third . Burns reached on infield single to second . Sogard singled to right , Burns to third . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Abreu hit by pitch . LaRoche grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Semien singled to center . Semien to second on wild pitch by Rodon . Reddick struck out swinging . Butler struck out looking . Lawrie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Gillaspie struck out swinging . Ramírez reached on bunt single to third . Soto flied out to right . Sánchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Phegley homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Canha flied out to right . Burns walked . Sogard walked , Burns to second . Crisp walked , Burns to third , Sogard to second . Semien struck out swinging . Reddick tripled to deep right , Burns , Sogard and Crisp scored . Butler lined out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Eaton struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Lawrie walked . Phegley walked , Lawrie to second . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Canha struck out looking . Burns walked , Lawrie to third , Phegley to second . Sogard singled to left , Lawrie scored , Phegley to third , Burns to second . Crisp grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phegley out at home , Burns to third , Sogard to second . Semien grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crisp out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . LaRoche lined out to center . García struck out swinging . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Reddick doubled to shallow left center . Butler singled to right , Reddick scored . Lawrie lined out to center . Phegley grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Butler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Hahn pitching for Athletics . Ramírez lined out to center . Soto safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie . Sánchez singled to left , Soto to second . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sánchez out at second , Soto to third . Cabrera singled to left , Soto scored , Eaton to third . Abreu hit by pitch , Cabrera to second . Abad pitching for Athletics . LaRoche doubled to deep right , Eaton and Cabrera scored , Abreu to third . Scribner pitching for Athletics . García doubled to deep left center , Abreu and LaRoche scored . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Beckham at third base . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Canha lined out to right . Burns grounded out to shortstop . Sogard singled to left center . Crisp lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Ramírez struck out swinging . Soto struck out swinging . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to first . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Butler singled to right . Fuld ran for Butler . Duke pitching for White Sox . Lawrie singled to center , Fuld to second . Phegley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Eaton singled to center . Eaton caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cabrera lined out to left . Abreu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Canha struck out swinging . Burns grounded out to first . Vogt hit for Sogard . Vogt walked . Crisp doubled to deep center , Vogt out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Athletics 6 .	White Sox score five in 7th to beat A 's 7 - 6