Athletics - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Burns grounded out to first . Semien struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Pedroia singled to center . Holt doubled to left , Pedroia to third , Pedroia scored on error by left fielder Zobrist . Ramírez struck out looking . Napoli struck out swinging . Bogaerts flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie grounded out to second . Reddick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Betts flied out to center . Swihart lined out to shortstop . De Aza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Phegley struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to second . Sogard grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Castillo singled to left . Pedroia singled to left , Castillo to second . Holt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pedroia out at second , Castillo to third . Ramírez hit sacrifice fly to right , Castillo scored , Holt to second on throwing error by right fielder Reddick . Napoli flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Burns singled to right center . Semien grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burns out at second . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Bogaerts doubled to left . Betts reached on bunt single to third , Bogaerts scored on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie . Swihart grounded into double play , third to second to first , Betts out at second . De Aza singled to center . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Butler grounded out to third . Lawrie singled to left center . Reddick struck out swinging . Phegley singled to right , Lawrie to third . Canha singled to right , Lawrie scored , Phegley to second . Sogard struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Athletics . Pedroia doubled to deep right . Holt singled to right , Pedroia scored . Ramírez struck out swinging . Holt stole second . Napoli grounded out to pitcher , Holt to third . Bogaerts walked . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Betts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Burns struck out swinging . Semien singled to right . Zobrist walked , Semien to second . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics . Swihart grounded out to third . De Aza struck out looking . Castillo reached on infield single to first . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Lawrie homered to left center ( 400 feet ) . Reddick flied out to center . Phegley struck out looking . Canha grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Holt grounded out to first . Ramírez singled to left . Napoli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramírez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Miley pitching for Red Sox . Sogard hit by pitch . Burns fouled out to third . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Vogt hit for Semien . Vogt struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Parrino at shortstop . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Betts flied out to right . Swihart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Butler struck out swinging . Lawrie reached on infield single to third . Reddick fouled out to third . Phegley doubled to left , Lawrie to third . Canha flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Red Sox 4 .	Venditte makes history , but A 's fall to Red Sox