Angels - Top 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Navarro grounded out to second . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop . Trout struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Burns reached on infield single to shortstop . Burns stole second . Vogt walked . Zobrist homered to right center ( 375 feet ) , Burns and Vogt scored . Reddick grounded out to second . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Pujols flied out to right . Freese walked . Aybar grounded out to first , Freese to second . Giavotella doubled to deep left , Freese scored . Joyce grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Lawrie singled to right . Sogard grounded out to second , Lawrie to second . Semien flied out to right , Lawrie to third . Burns reached on infield single to shortstop , Lawrie scored . Vogt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Iannetta flied out to right . Navarro doubled to deep right . Calhoun struck out swinging . Trout lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Zobrist flied out to left . Reddick lined out to left . Butler singled to left . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie . Freese singled to center , Pujols to second . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freese out at second , Pujols to third . Giavotella hit sacrifice fly to right , Pujols scored , Aybar to second . Joyce lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Lawrie singled to left . Sogard flied out to center . Semien struck out swinging . Burns fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Iannetta grounded out to shortstop . Navarro grounded out to catcher . Calhoun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Shoemaker pitching for Angels . Vogt homered to right ( 345 feet ) . Zobrist doubled to deep left center . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Reddick struck out swinging . Butler flied out to right . Davis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Trout grounded out to third . Pujols grounded out to pitcher . Freese popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Lawrie struck out swinging . Sogard struck out looking . Semien walked . Burns reached on infield single to second , Semien to second . Vogt doubled to deep right , Semien and Burns scored . Salas pitching for Angels . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Aybar walked . Giavotella walked , Aybar to second . Joyce singled to left , Aybar scored , Giavotella to second . Iannetta singled to left , Giavotella to third , Joyce to second . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Robertson hit for Navarro . Robertson walked , Giavotella scored , Joyce to third , Iannetta to second . Calhoun struck out swinging . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Trout hit sacrifice fly to left , Joyce scored , Iannetta to third , Robertson to second , Trout to first on error by left fielder Zobrist . Pujols homered to left ( 351 feet ) , Iannetta , Robertson and Trout scored . Freese struck out swinging . Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher , Aybar to second on throwing error by pitcher Mujica . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Giavotella singled to center , Aybar scored . Joyce fouled out to third . 8 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Robertson in left field . Gott pitching for Angels . Reddick grounded out to third . Butler popped out to second . Davis singled to center . Lawrie struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics . Iannetta singled to left . Robertson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . Calhoun grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Featherston at second base . Smith pitching for Angels . Sogard walked . Semien grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Sogard out at second . Burns lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics . Trout doubled to deep right . Pujols doubled to right , Trout scored . Freese grounded out to second , Pujols to third . Aybar doubled to right , Pujols scored . Featherston walked . Abad pitching for Athletics . Joyce walked , Aybar to third , Featherston to second . Iannetta struck out swinging . Robertson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Angels . Vogt popped out to shortstop . Zobrist lined out to second . Reddick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - Athletics 7 .	Pujols drives in 5 runs to rally Angels past Athletics , 12 - 7