Athletics - Top 1st . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Burns singled to center . Canha flied out to center . Burns picked off first . Reddick singled to right . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Inciarte lined out to left . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta singled to right center , Goldschmidt to third . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogt grounded out to shortstop . Phegley grounded out to third . Semien flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Lamb struck out swinging . Tomás singled to left . Ahmed fouled out to first . Webster safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Chavez , Tomás to third . Inciarte singled to right center , Tomás scored , Webster to third . Owings singled to left , Webster scored , Inciarte to second . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 3rd . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Sogard flied out to center . Chavez struck out swinging . Burns walked . Canha safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb , Burns scored . Reddick tripled to deep right , Canha scored . Valencia grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Peralta homered to right center ( 406 feet ) . Saltalamacchia grounded out to second . Lamb singled to center . Tomás struck out looking . Ahmed grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogt homered to right ( 404 feet ) . Phegley grounded out to third . Semien fouled out to catcher . Sogard fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Webster grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte grounded out to second . Owings singled to shallow left . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Webster pitching for Diamondbacks . Chavez singled to right . Burns singled to right , Chavez thrown out at third , Burns to second advancing on throw . Canha grounded out to second , Burns to third . Reddick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Peralta struck out looking . Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop . Lamb singled to shallow left center . Tomás struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Valencia singled to left . Vogt singled to right , Valencia to second . Phegley struck out swinging . Semien flied out to right . Sogard popped out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Ahmed flied out to left . Collmenter struck out swinging . Inciarte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Crisp hit for Mujica . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Crisp singled to left . Burns struck out swinging . Canha doubled to left , Crisp scored , Canha to third advancing on throw . Reynolds pitching for Diamondbacks . Reddick struck out swinging . Valencia intentionally walked . Vogt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Owings popped out to second . Goldschmidt walked . Peralta singled to center , Goldschmidt to second . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Lamb flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Phegley struck out looking . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Sogard popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Tomás struck out swinging . Ahmed flied out to right . Pollock hit for Hernandez . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Butler hit for Doolittle . Butler singled to right . Fuld ran for Butler . Fuld to second on wild pitch by Bracho . Burns struck out bunting foul . Canha flied out to right . Reddick intentionally walked . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Inciarte singled to center . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to right , Inciarte to third . Peralta hit sacrifice fly to center , Inciarte scored . Saltalamacchia flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 10th . Castillo catching . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogt lined out to left . Phegley singled to center . Semien singled to left , Phegley to second . Sogard reached on infield single to second , Phegley to third , Semien to second . Smolinski hit for Pomeranz . Smolinski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phegley out at home , Semien to third , Sogard to second . Burns grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Lamb struck out looking . Tomás flied out to center . Ahmed lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 11th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Canha grounded out to shortstop . Reddick grounded out to pitcher . Valencia singled to left . Vogt singled to left , Valencia to second . Phegley hit by pitch , Valencia to third , Vogt to second . Semien singled to right , Valencia and Vogt scored , Phegley to second . Schugel pitching for Diamondbacks . Sogard singled to right , Phegley scored , Semien to third . Venditte struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Inciarte flied out to center . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castillo out at second . Owings to second on fielder 's indifference . Goldschmidt lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Semien drives in go - ahead runs , A 's top D - backs 7 - 4 in 11