Mariners - Top 1st . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Marte walked . Seager singled to right , Marte to third . Canó doubled to deep center , Marte scored , Seager to third . Smith walked . Morrison grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Seager scored , Smith out at second , Canó to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . Miller reached on infield single to shortstop , Canó scored , Morrison to second . Sucre struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Burns grounded out to third . Canha grounded out to third . Reddick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Chavez pitching for Athletics . O'Malley walked . Marte singled to left , O'Malley to second . O'Malley out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice , Marte to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Seager walked . Canó grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Seager out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Valencia flied out to right . Vogt singled to left center . Lawrie struck out swinging . Vogt to second on wild pitch by Hernández . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Pridie in right field . Chavez pitching for Athletics . Smith singled to left . Morrison homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Smith scored . Trumbo walked . León pitching for Athletics . Miller grounded out to shortstop , Trumbo to second . Sucre lined into double play , second to shortstop , Trumbo doubled off second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Smolinski struck out swinging . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Burns popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Leon pitching for Athletics . O'Malley homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Marte popped out to shortstop . Seager popped out to second . Canó grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Canha homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Pridie grounded out to first . Valencia struck out looking . Vogt singled to right . Lawrie doubled to left , Vogt to third . Butler singled to center , Vogt and Lawrie scored . Smolinski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Butler out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Leon pitching for Athletics . Smith doubled to left . Morrison lined out to center . Trumbo singled to left , Smith scored , Trumbo thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Miller walked . Sucre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Miller out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Semien grounded out to shortstop . Burns struck out swinging . Canha grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Venditte pitching for Athletics . O'Malley doubled to deep right . Marte sacrificed to pitcher , O'Malley to third . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , O'Malley out at home . Canó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Pridie struck out swinging . Valencia struck out swinging . Vogt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Venditte pitching for Athletics . Smith flied out to center . Morrison flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Butler singled to right . Smolinski grounded into double play , third to second to first , Butler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Alvarez pitching for Athletics . Miller flied out to left . Sucre struck out looking . O'Malley walked . Marte singled to left , O'Malley to second . O'Malley to third on wild pitch by Alvarez . Seager doubled to deep right , O'Malley scored , Marte to third . Canó grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Romero in left field . Miller at second base . O'Malley in center field . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Semien grounded out to third . Burns grounded out to second . Canha struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Mujica pitching for Athletics . Smith doubled to deep left center . Morrison popped out to shortstop . Trumbo popped out to second . Miller singled to shallow left , Smith to third . Sucre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Beimel pitching for Mariners . Ladendorf hit for Pridie . Ladendorf singled to center . Valencia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ladendorf out at second . Vogt popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Athletics 3 .	Cano , Hernandez lead Mariners to 8 - 3 win over A 's