Athletics - Top 1st . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Burns safe at first on error by third baseman Lowrie . Canha struck out swinging . Lawrie fouled out to first . Valencia singled to right , Burns to second . Butler walked , Burns to third , Valencia to second . Semien grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 1st . Gray pitching for Athletics . Altuve doubled to deep left center . Altuve to third on wild pitch by Gray . Springer walked . Springer stole second . Correa hit sacrifice fly to right , Altuve scored , Springer to third . Lowrie doubled to left center , Springer scored . Lowrie to third on wild pitch by Gray . Lowrie scored on throwing error by catcher Blair . Rasmus walked . Gattis walked , Rasmus to second . Valbuena flied out to right , Gattis out at second , Rasmus to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Smolinski homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Blair struck out swinging . Gentry flied out to center . Burns hit by pitch . Canha flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Tucker grounded out to second . Castro walked . Altuve grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Lawrie flied out to right . Valencia walked . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valencia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Gray pitching for Athletics . Springer struck out swinging . Correa grounded out to shortstop . Lowrie singled to center . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Kazmir pitching for Astros . Semien homered to left ( 368 feet ) . Smolinski popped out to shortstop . Blair grounded out to second . Gentry walked . Burns singled to left , Gentry to second . Canha singled to center , Gentry scored , Burns to third . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Canha to second on wild pitch by Velasquez . Lawrie struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Gattis singled to left . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gattis out at second . Tucker struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Valencia reached on infield single to third . Butler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valencia out at second . Semien walked . Smolinski doubled to deep left center , Semien scored . Blair singled to left , Smolinski scored , Blair to second advancing on throw . Gentry tripled to deep right center , Blair scored . Burns struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Altuve singled to left . Springer singled to left , Altuve to second . Correa grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Springer out at second , Altuve to third . Lowrie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Correa out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Velasquez pitching for Astros . Canha struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to left . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Gray pitching for Athletics . Rasmus doubled to deep center . Gattis popped out to second . Valbuena singled to right , Rasmus scored . Pomeranz pitching for Athletics . Carter hit for Tucker . Carter fouled out to second . Duffy hit for Castro . Duffy doubled to deep center , Valbuena scored . Marisnick ran for Duffy . Rodriguez pitching for Athletics . Altuve flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Rasmus in left field . Stassi catching . Marisnick in center field . Qualls pitching for Astros . Butler struck out swinging . Semien grounded out to second . Smolinski popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Athletics . Springer grounded out to third . Correa singled to left . Lowrie struck out swinging . Rasmus walked , Correa to second . Gattis homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Correa and Rasmus scored . Abad pitching for Athletics . Valbuena struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Blair struck out swinging . Crisp hit for Gentry . Sipp pitching for Astros . Crisp struck out swinging . Burns doubled to deep left center , Burns out stretching at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Smolinski in right field . Crisp in left field . Otero pitching for Athletics . Stassi homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Marisnick reached on infield single to second . Altuve singled to right , Marisnick to third , Altuve to second advancing on throw . Springer hit sacrifice fly to right , Marisnick scored , Altuve out at third . Correa doubled to left . Coulombe pitching for Athletics . Lowrie grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Gregerson pitching for Astros . Canha struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Valencia flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 6 - Astros 10 .	Gattis hits go - ahead HR , Astros beat A 's 10 - 6 to stop slide