Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Kata struck out looking. Finley struck out swinging. Cintron reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez walked, Cintron to second. Hillenbrand walked, Cintron to third, Gonzalez to second. Hammock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan flied out to right. Cora struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. McCracken flied out to center. Barajas struck out swinging. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lo Duca flied out to left. Kinkade flied out to right. Hermansen safe at first on error by third baseman Hammock. Cabrera flied out to deep left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Kata grounded out to first. Finley reached on infield single to shortstop. Finley stole second. Cintron walked. Gonzalez walked, Finley to third, Cintron to second. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis flied out to left. Ishii struck out bunting foul. Ruan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Hammock struck out swinging. McCracken struck out looking. Barajas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Cora flied out to right. Green struck out swinging. Lo Duca struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Batista walked. Kata grounded into double play, third to second to first, Batista out at second. Finley doubled to right. Cintron grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinkade flied out to left. Hermansen grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez singled to center. Hillenbrand doubled to left, Gonzalez to third. Hammock grounded out to pitcher. McCracken struck out swinging. Barajas intentionally walked. Batista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis singled to center. Barnes hit for Ishii. Barnes singled to center, Izturis to second. Ruan grounded out to second, Izturis to third, Barnes to second. Cora singled to center, Izturis thrown out at home, Barnes to third, Cora to second advancing on throw. Green walked. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Lo Duca struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Kata homered to right. Finley grounded out to pitcher. Cintron grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Kinkade reached on bunt single to third. Hermansen singled to right, Kinkade to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinkade scored, Hermansen out at second. Ward hit for Shuey. Izturis flied out to right. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Ward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher. Hammock grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan singled to left. Cora sacrificed to pitcher, Ruan to second, Cora safe at first on error by pitcher Batista. Oropesa pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. Dellucci in right field. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan stole third, Cora stole second. Lo Duca walked. Kinkade lined out to third. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Hermansen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Dellucci hit for Valverde. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Barajas struck out swinging. Dellucci grounded out to first. Kata singled to right center. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera struck out swinging. McGriff hit for Gagne. Izturis struck out swinging. Martin pitching for Dodgers. McGriff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Cintron singled to right. Gonzalez singled to right, Cintron to second. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Hillenbrand singled to center, Cintron to third, Gonzalez to second. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cintron out at home, Gonzalez to third, Hillenbrand to second. McCracken singled to right, Gonzalez and Hillenbrand scored, Hammock to second. Barajas grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCracken out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 10th. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Ruan flied out to right. Cora flied out to right. Green flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Dodgers 1.	Dodgers' losing streak reaches season-high seven