Dodgers - Top 1st. Ruan grounded out to shortstop. Cora grounded out to first. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Matthews Jr grounded out to shortstop. Loretta singled to center. White doubled to right, Loretta scored. Buchanan grounded out to third. Burroughs singled to center, White scored, Burroughs thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Lo Duca doubled to right center. Hermansen grounded out to shortstop. Beltre safe at first on error by pitcher Eaton, Lo Duca to third, Lo Duca scored, Beltre to second on throwing error by pitcher Eaton. Barnes grounded out to shortstop. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Nady flied out to left. Merloni flied out to right. Bennett flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Alvarez grounded out to pitcher. Ruan grounded out to shortstop. Cora grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Eaton struck out swinging. Matthews Jr singled to center. Loretta singled to shallow right, Matthews Jr to second, Matthews Jr to third, Loretta to second on throwing error by pitcher Alvarez. White struck out looking. Buchanan intentionally walked. Burroughs singled to right, Matthews Jr and Loretta scored, Buchanan to third. Nady struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 4th. Green grounded out to pitcher. Lo Duca popped out to third. Hermansen singled to center. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Merloni flied out to left. Bennett flied out to center. Eaton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Barnes grounded out to second. Izturis walked. Alvarez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Matthews Jr walked. Matthews Jr stole second. Loretta tripled to right center, Matthews Jr scored. White singled to center, Loretta scored. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Buchanan flied out to right. Burroughs grounded into double play, second to first, White out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Ruan grounded out to third. Cora struck out swinging. Green homered to center. Lo Duca singled to right. Hermansen fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Nady flied out to right center. Merloni flied out to center. Bennett lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Beltre struck out swinging. Barnes singled to right. Ward hit for Mota. Izturis safe at first on error by first baseman Buchanan, Barnes to third. Ward hit sacrifice fly to left, Barnes scored. Ruan singled to left, Izturis to second. Witasick pitching for Padres. Vazquez at shortstop. Cora singled to center, Izturis scored, Ruan to third. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Green grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 7th. Vazquez doubled to left center. Matthews Jr grounded out to first, Vazquez to third. Loretta singled to right, Vazquez scored. Loretta caught stealing second, pitcher to first. White struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Lo Duca hit by pitch. Lo Duca to second on wild pitch by Witasick. Hermansen flied out to right center, Lo Duca to third. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Lo Duca scored. Barnes flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Buchanan struck out looking. Martin pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs struck out swinging. Ojeda hit for Witasick. Nady singled to right. Ojeda walked, Nady to second. Bennett singled to left, Nady scored, Ojeda to second. Beck pitching for Padres. Vazquez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Kinkade hit for Martin. Izturis singled to left. Cabrera hit for Ruan. Kinkade struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center, Izturis to second. Cora popped out to shortstop. Green walked, Izturis to third, Cabrera to second. Lo Duca grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Padres 8.	San Diego 8, Los Angeles 5