Giants - Top 1st. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Young popped out to second. Cruz doubled to right. Feliz struck out swinging. Galarraga grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Giants. Roberts reached on bunt single to first. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Roberts out at second. Green homered to center, Lo Duca scored. Ventura walked. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ventura out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Hammonds singled to right. Hammonds to second on wild pitch by Ishii. Perez walked. Linden homered to left, Hammonds and Perez scored. Torrealba walked. Correia sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to second. Young walked. Torrealba to third, Young to second on wild pitch by Ishii. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at home. Feliz struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Giants. Burnitz flied out to center. Cora lined out to center. Izturis singled to center. Ishii struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Galarraga flied out to center. Hammonds hit ground rule double to deep left. Perez walked. Linden grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Giants. Roberts lined out to left. Lo Duca flied out to center. Green lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Ishii pitching for Dodgers. Torrealba tripled to deep right. Correia singled to shallow right, Torrealba scored. Myers pitching for Dodgers. Young walked, Correia to second. Cruz walked, Correia to third, Young to second. Feliz grounded out to shortstop, Correia scored, Young to third, Cruz to second. Galarraga grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at home, Cruz to third. Hammonds struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Giants. Ventura homered to center. Beltre homered to left. Burnitz homered to right center. Cora popped out to second. Izturis grounded out to second. Myers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Myers pitching for Dodgers. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Linden grounded out to second. Benard hit for Correia. Torrealba walked. Brower pitching for Giants. Benard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torrealba out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Brower pitching for Giants. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Lo Duca singled to shallow center, Lo Duca out stretching at second. Green popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Myers pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded out to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Feliz singled to right center. Galarraga singled to center, Feliz to second. Hammonds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Galarraga out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Brower pitching for Giants. Ventura walked. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ventura out at second. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Perez flied out to left. Linden fouled out to third. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Brower pitching for Giants. Cora singled to right. Thurston hit for Quantrill. Izturis sacrificed to pitcher, Cora to second. Thurston grounded out to second, Cora to third. Roberts tripled to deep right center, Cora scored. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Torcato hit for Brower. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Ransom ran for Torcato. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Torcato singled to right. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ransom out at second. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Zerbe pitching for Giants. Green tripled to deep left. Ventura flied out to left. Beltre intentionally walked. Burnitz hit sacrifice fly to center, Green scored. Cabrera in left field. Cora grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Gagne pitching for Dodgers. Feliz struck out swinging. Galarraga grounded out to shortstop. Hammonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Dodgers 7.	Dodgers have the power, top Giants