Blue Jays - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Rios flied out to center. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Wells hit ground rule double to right. Thomas singled to left, Wells scored. Overbay walked, Thomas to second. Glaus flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to left. Dellucci struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Hill walked. Clayton sacrificed to pitcher, Hill to second. Fasano struck out swinging, Hill stole third. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon flied out to left. Garko homered to left center. Peralta singled to left. Blake safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton, Peralta to second. Barfield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blake out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Lind struck out swinging. Wells reached on infield single to second. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wells to second. Wells caught stealing third, pitcher to shortstop to third, Thomas to second on runner's fielder's choice. Overbay walked. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomas out at third, Overbay to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore singled to center. Dellucci doubled to deep right, Sizemore to third. Hafner intentionally walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore out at home, Dellucci to third, Hafner to second. Nixon hit sacrifice fly to right, Dellucci scored. Hafner to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Garko walked. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Hill struck out swinging. Clayton struck out looking. Fasano singled to center. Rios singled to center, Fasano to third. Lind walked, Rios to second. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Blake struck out looking. Barfield reached on infield single to shortstop. Sizemore grounded out to second, Barfield to second. Davis pitching for Indians. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Thomas singled to center. Overbay struck out swinging. Glaus doubled to left, Thomas to third. Stairs hit for Clayton. Hill intentionally walked. McDonald ran for Stairs. Stairs walked, Thomas scored, Glaus to third, Hill to second. Fultz pitching for Indians. Fasano walked, Glaus scored, Hill to third, McDonald to second. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill scored, Fasano out at second, McDonald to third. McDonald at shortstop. Lind struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Hafner grounded out to third. Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop. Nixon singled to right, Martinez to third. Garko hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored, Nixon to second, Garko to first on error by right fielder Rios. Peralta homered to left, Nixon and Garko scored. Blake fouled out to second. Barfield flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Fultz pitching for Indians. Wells doubled to deep left. Thomas flied out to right. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Overbay grounded out to first, Wells to third. Glaus doubled to deep left, Wells scored. Hill doubled to deep left, Glaus scored. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore struck out looking. Dellucci struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Fasano struck out looking. Rios grounded out to third. Lind singled to center. Lind to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon struck out swinging. Garko singled to center. Peralta singled to right, Garko to second. Blake struck out looking. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Barfield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Overbay struck out swinging. Glaus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore walked. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sizemore out at second. Hafner flied out to left. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Hill fouled out to third. Smith hit for Fasano. McDonald flied out to right. Phillips catching. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Smith fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon flied out to center. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Borowski pitching for Indians. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Rios flied out to right. Lind flied out to left. Wells walked. Thomas singled to left center, Wells to third. Overbay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Blake struck out swinging. Barfield singled to right. Barfield caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Mastny pitching for Indians. Sizemore grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 11th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Glaus struck out swinging. Hill flied out to right. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 11th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci singled to center. Hafner doubled to left, Dellucci scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Indians 7.	Hafner's RBI double lifts Indians over Jays in 11