Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Hill struck out looking. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Thomas hit ground rule double to right. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to left. Dellucci struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Rios doubled to deep center. Overbay reached on infield single to shortstop, Rios to third. Phillips doubled to deep center, Rios scored, Overbay to third. Stairs grounded out to second, Overbay scored, Phillips to third. McDonald safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta. Hill grounded into double play, third to second to first, McDonald out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez singled to left center. Nixon flied out to left. Garko grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Lind flied out to left. Thomas singled to left. Glaus homered to left, Thomas scored. Rios grounded out to pitcher. Overbay walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Overbay out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta walked. Rouse walked, Peralta to second. Barfield singled to right, Peralta scored, Rouse to third. Sizemore lined out to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Rouse scored, Barfield to second on wild pitch by McGowan, Barfield safe at third on error by pitcher McGowan. Hafner intentionally walked. Martinez singled to center, Barfield scored, Hafner to third. Nixon walked, Martinez to second. Garko grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Stairs popped out to shortstop. McDonald flied out to center. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta struck out swinging. Rouse struck out looking. Barfield walked. Sizemore safe at first on error by center fielder Rios, Barfield advanced to second on play, Barfield tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Lind flied out to left. Thomas struck out looking. Glaus singled to right center. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci doubled to deep center. Hafner flied out to left. Martinez singled to right, Dellucci scored. Nixon flied out to left. Garko tripled to deep right, Martinez scored. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Overbay doubled to deep left. Phillips doubled to deep left, Overbay scored. Stairs struck out looking. McDonald struck out swinging. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Rouse struck out swinging. Barfield grounded out to pitcher. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Sizemore lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Thomas walked. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas out at second. Glaus to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Dellucci grounded out to first. Hafner grounded out to third. Martinez doubled to deep right. Fultz pitching for Indians. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Fultz pitching for Indians. Overbay lined out to third. Phillips struck out swinging. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Stairs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Garko flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to first. Rouse singled to left. Barfield singled to right, Rouse to third. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Michaels hit for Dellucci. Sizemore hit ground rule double to deep center, Rouse scored, Barfield to third. Michaels in left field. Borowski pitching for Indians. Smith hit for McDonald. Michaels popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Smith struck out swinging. Hill fouled out to first. Lind struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Indians 6.	Indians rally back to complete sweep of Blue Jays