Rockies - Top 1st. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Taveras lined out to left. Matsui lined out to left. Holliday doubled to deep left. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Rios popped out to second. Stairs homered to left. Glaus doubled to deep right center. Thomas homered to left, Glaus scored. Hill grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Atkins struck out swinging. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki homered to center. Baker hit by pitch. Torrealba struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Lind grounded out to second. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Taveras walked. Matsui singled to left center, Taveras to second. Holliday flied out to right. Helton walked, Taveras to third, Matsui to second. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to left, Taveras scored. Hawpe doubled to deep right, Matsui scored, Helton to third, Helton thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Rios singled to left. Stairs singled to center, Rios to third. Glaus walked, Stairs to second. Thomas singled to left center, Rios and Stairs scored, Glaus to second. Hill singled to right, Glaus to third, Thomas to second. Lind singled to center, Glaus scored, Hill to second, Thomas thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Phillips grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Tulowitzki popped out to first. Baker flied out to left. Iannetta catching. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. McDonald grounded out to second. Wells flied out to center. Rios lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Taveras reached on bunt single to third. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Holliday flied out to right. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Stairs singled to right. Glaus lined out to third. Thomas walked, Stairs to second. Hill grounded into double play, third to first, Stairs out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Atkins walked. Atkins to second on wild pitch by Taubenheim. Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays. Hawpe walked. Tulowitzki walked, Atkins to third, Hawpe to second. Baker grounded out to second, Atkins scored, Hawpe to third, Tulowitzki to second. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop, Tulowitzki and Hawpe scored on throwing error by first baseman Stairs. Taveras grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Zaun hit for Phillips. Cook pitching for Rockies. Lind lined out to left. Zaun walked. Julio pitching for Rockies. McDonald safe at second on error by first baseman Baker, Zaun to third. Wells grounded out to shortstop, Zaun scored, McDonald to third. Martin pitching for Rockies. Rios hit by pitch. Stairs singled to deep right, McDonald scored, Rios to third. Zaun catching. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui walked. Holliday struck out looking. Helton struck out swinging. Atkins lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Thomas singled to left, Thomas out stretching at second. Hill doubled to left. Lind grounded out to first, Hill to third. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Zaun walked. McDonald reached on bunt single to third, Hill scored, Zaun to second. Wells walked, Zaun to third, McDonald to second. Rios lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Hawpe struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. Baker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Stairs grounded out to second. Glaus singled to left. Thomas singled to center, Glaus to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomas out at second, Glaus to third. Lind singled to left, Glaus scored, Hill to second. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun singled to right, Hill scored, Zaun out at second, Lind to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Iannetta doubled to left. Taveras popped out to shortstop. Matsui flied out to center. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Blue Jays 11.	Thomas, Stairs guide Blue Jays past Rockies