Twins - Top 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Castillo grounded out to second. Tyner lined out to first. Redmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Clark grounded out to first. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. Rios singled to right center. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Morneau struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Kubel grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Thomas walked. Stairs flied out to center. Hill singled to center, Thomas to second. Zaun grounded out to first, Thomas to third, Hill to second. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Cirillo grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Punto reached on bunt single to third. Punto caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Castillo batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Clark flied out to left. Overbay grounded out to first. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Castillo doubled to right. Tyner grounded out to second, Castillo to third. Redmond lined out to second. Morneau singled to right, Castillo scored. Hunter flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Thomas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Wells out at second. Stairs safe at first on error by first baseman Cirillo. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stairs out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Kubel singled to right. Cirillo grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kubel out at second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Zaun singled to right. McDonald doubled to right, Zaun to third. Clark lined out to third. Overbay doubled to deep center, Zaun and McDonald scored. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Overbay to third. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Punto grounded out to first. Castillo walked. Tyner flied out to center. Redmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Thomas walked. Stairs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thomas out at second. Hill safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez, Stairs to second. Zaun doubled to right, Stairs scored, Hill to third. McDonald tripled to deep center, Hill and Zaun scored. Reyes pitching for Twins. Glaus hit for Clark. Glaus singled to left center, McDonald scored. Overbay walked, Glaus to second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Rios singled to left, Glaus scored, Overbay to second. Wells walked, Overbay to third, Rios to second. Thomas singled to right, Overbay and Rios scored, Wells to third. Stairs doubled to deep left center, Wells scored, Thomas to third. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Zaun homered to right, Thomas and Stairs scored. McDonald lined out to right. 11 Runs, 7 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Glaus at third base. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Morneau singled to right center. Ford hit for Hunter. Ford struck out swinging. Kubel grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Morneau out at second. Cirillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ford in center field. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Overbay grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Punto flied out to center. Castillo doubled to deep center. Tyner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Thigpen hit for Thomas. Thigpen struck out looking. Stairs singled to center. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays. Redmond flied out to center. McDonald hit for Morneau. McDonald singled to center. Ford grounded into fielder's choice to third, McDonald out at second. Kubel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Blue Jays 13.	Hot Blue Jays use 11-run inning to sweep Twins