Angels - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Figgins singled to right. Figgins stole second. Willits grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Guerrero singled to center, Figgins scored. Anderson flied out to center. Guerrero caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Matthews batting. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Johnson tripled to deep center. Overbay singled to center, Johnson scored. Rios singled to left, Overbay to second. Wells safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar, Overbay to third, Rios to second. Thomas hit sacrifice fly to center, Overbay scored. Hill doubled to deep left center, Rios scored, Wells to third. Zaun grounded into fielder's choice to third. Luna hit sacrifice fly to center, Wells scored. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews walked. Kotchman grounded out to first, Matthews out at first. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Johnson struck out swinging. Overbay popped out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Mathis flied out to left. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Figgins lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Wells grounded out to second. Thomas safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Willits grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero grounded out to second. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Zaun safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Luna grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zaun out at second. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Luna out at second. McDonald stole second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews grounded out to pitcher. Kotchman grounded out to second. Izturis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Rios singled to center. Wells singled to center, Rios to second. Rios caught stealing third, catcher to third, Wells to second on runner's fielder's choice. Thomas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Mathis reached on bunt single to pitcher. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mathis out at second. Figgins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Aybar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Hill grounded out to third. Zaun struck out swinging. Luna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Willits lined out to left. Guerrero fouled out to first. Anderson fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. McDonald flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to second. Overbay singled to center. Rios singled to left, Overbay to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Matthews grounded out to second. Kotchman grounded out to second. Izturis reached on infield single to pitcher. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Jones pitching for Angels. Thomas grounded out to third. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Zaun grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Aybar struck out swinging. Figgins singled to left. Figgins to second on fielder's indifference. Willits grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 1 - Blue Jays 4.	Halladay's 5th complete game lifts Jays vs. Halos