Blue Jays - Top 1st. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Wells flied out to right. Stairs hit ground rule double to deep right. Rios singled to right, Stairs scored, Rios to second advancing on throw. Thomas flied out to right. Glaus struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to left. Pedroia singled to center, Ellsbury to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Lowell homered to left, Ellsbury and Pedroia scored. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Varitek struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Overbay struck out swinging. Hill flied out to right. Zaun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp flied out to right. Hinske grounded out to second. Lugo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. McDonald flied out to right. Wells flied out to center. Stairs singled to left. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to center. Pedroia singled to right center, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second advancing on throw. Ortiz hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third. Lowell intentionally walked. Drew hit sacrifice fly to center, Pedroia scored. Varitek grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Glaus singled to right. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Glaus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp flied out to center. Hinske doubled to deep center. Lugo reached on infield single to third, Hinske to third. Kennedy pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury walked, Lugo to second. Pedroia singled to left, Hinske and Lugo scored, Ellsbury to second. Ortiz singled to center, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Lowell safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus, Ellsbury and Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third. Drew hit sacrifice fly to left, Ortiz scored. Varitek flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Hill singled to left. Zaun flied out to center. McDonald flied out to right. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp doubled to deep center. Hinske hit by pitch. Lugo singled to left, Crisp to third, Hinske to second. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Crisp out at home, Hinske to third, Lugo to second. Ortiz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Matsuzaka pitching for Red Sox. Stairs walked. Rios singled to center, Stairs to third. Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop, Stairs scored, Rios to second. Glaus homered to right, Rios and Thomas scored. Overbay singled to right. Hill flied out to left. Zaun singled to right, Overbay to third. Lind hit for McDonald. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Lind singled to center, Overbay scored, Zaun to second. Wells walked, Zaun to third, Lind to second. Stairs hit ground rule double to left, Zaun and Lind scored, Wells to third. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Rios grounded out to second, Wells scored, Stairs to third. Thomas lined out to left. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Olmedo at shortstop. Towers pitching for Blue Jays. Lowell singled to center. Drew doubled to deep left center, Lowell to third. Varitek singled to center, Lowell scored, Drew to third. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp sacrificed to pitcher, Drew scored, Varitek to second. Hinske walked. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hinske out at second, Varitek to third. Varitek scored, Lugo to second on balk by Frasor. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Glaus walked. Overbay popped out to shortstop. Hill singled to center, Glaus to second. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Zaun doubled to deep left center, Glaus scored, Hill to third. Olmedo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill out at home. Wells struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia flied out to right. Ortiz struck out swinging. Lowell singled to right center. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Lowell stole second. Drew walked. Varitek reached on infield single to second, Lowell to third, Drew to second. Crisp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Youkilis at first base. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Stairs singled to left center. Rios struck out swinging. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Thomas lined out to third. Glaus singled to left, Stairs to third. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis flied out to center. Lugo walked. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lugo out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Hill struck out swinging. Zaun struck out swinging. Adams hit for Olmedo. Adams fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 10 - Red Sox 13.	Lowell's bat helps BoSox overcome shaky Dice-K