Blue Jays - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Wells flied out to center. Johnson tripled to deep right center. Rios hit sacrifice fly to left, Johnson scored. Thomas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to second. Sheffield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Glaus singled to left. Hill lined out to third. Zaun doubled to deep left, Glaus to third. Luna ran for Glaus. Overbay struck out looking. McDonald grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Luna at third base. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez singled to center. Guillen singled to left center, Ordonez to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guillen out at second, Ordonez to third. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Rabelo catching. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Wells singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Casey struck out swinging. Inge grounded out to third. Granderson singled to right center. Polanco singled to shallow center, Granderson to third. Sheffield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Thomas singled to center. Luna lined out to second. Hill doubled to deep right, Thomas to third. Zaun grounded out to shortstop. Overbay singled to center, Thomas scored, Hill to third. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez reached on infield single to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Rabelo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ordonez out at second. Perez bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Wells grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Casey singled to right. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Casey out at second. Granderson hit by pitch, Inge to second. Polanco flied out to right, Inge to third. Sheffield popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Thomas grounded out to third. Luna grounded out to first. Hill doubled to deep left. Zaun popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez doubled to deep right center. Guillen grounded out to second, Ordonez to third. Rabelo grounded out to first, Ordonez scored. Perez hit ground rule double to deep right. Casey struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Overbay grounded out to first. McDonald singled to left center. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Wells flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Inge grounded out to second. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Rios flied out to center. Thomas walked. Adams ran for Thomas. Luna singled to center, Adams to third. Hill flied out to right. Luna stole second. Zaun singled to center, Adams and Luna scored. Miner pitching for Tigers. Overbay singled to left, Zaun to second. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Sheffield walked. Ordonez lined out to left. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bazardo pitching for Tigers. Wells flied out to center. Johnson bunt popped out foul to catcher. Rios popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Rabelo singled to left center. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rabelo out at second. Casey singled to center. Maybin ran for Casey. Inge singled to center, Maybin to third. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Inge to second on fielder's indifference. Granderson singled to right center, Maybin and Inge scored. Polanco singled to left, Granderson to second. Sheffield walked, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez singled to right, Granderson and Polanco scored, Sheffield to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Tigers 5.	Tigers' rally drops Jays