Devil Rays - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lugo flied out to right. Crawford singled to right. Crawford stole second. Crawford picked off second. Gomes walked. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Loretta struck out looking. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Branyan grounded out to first. Lee flied out to right. Paul doubled to right. Perez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Youkilis lined out to first. Lowell popped out to first. Mirabelli flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gathright grounded out to first. Lugo doubled to left center. Crawford grounded out to first, Lugo to third. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Nixon singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. Harris grounded out to third, Nixon to second. Crisp popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton flied out to center. Branyan struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Loretta grounded out to third. Ortiz flied out to center. Youkilis singled to center. Lowell singled to right, Youkilis to second. Mirabelli walked, Youkilis to third, Lowell to second. Nixon walked, Youkilis scored, Lowell to third, Mirabelli to second. Gonzalez popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Paul grounded out to shortstop. Perez flied out to center. Gathright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Harris doubled to left. Crisp grounded out to second, Harris to third. Loretta doubled to left center, Harris scored. Ortiz walked. Youkilis popped out to second. Lowell grounded into fielder's choice to third, Loretta out at third, Ortiz to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lugo grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Gomes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Nixon grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to left. Harris singled to center, Gonzalez to third. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Crisp reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez scored, Harris to second, Harris to third, Crisp to second on throwing error by pitcher Hendrickson. Loretta singled to right, Harris and Crisp scored. Ortiz singled to right, Loretta to second. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton grounded out to second. Branyan struck out swinging. Lee reached on infield single to first. Paul flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Lowell lined out to first. Mirabelli walked. Nixon reached on infield single to second, Mirabelli to second. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Harris hit by pitch, Mirabelli to third, Nixon to second. Crisp grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Perez struck out swinging. Gathright singled to center. Gathright stole second. Lugo grounded out to third. Walker pitching for Devil Rays. Crawford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Devil Rays. Loretta fouled out to first. Ortiz flied out to center. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Youkilis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Gomes walked. Gomes to second on fielder's indifference. Wigginton struck out swinging. Branyan lined out to first. Lee walked. Norton hit for Perez. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Paul walked, Gomes to third, Lee to second. Norton struck out swinging, Norton safe at first on passed ball by Mirabelli, Gomes scored, Lee to third on passed ball, Paul to second on passed ball. Gathright walked, Lee scored, Paul to third, Norton to second. Lugo walked, Paul scored, Norton to third, Gathright to second. Crawford singled to left, Norton scored, Gathright thrown out at home, Lugo to second. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 4 - Red Sox 5.	Red Sox survive furious Rays ninth-inning rally, win 5-4