Athletics - Top 1st. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Kendall reached on infield single to third. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kendall out at second. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Youkilis grounded out to second. Loretta safe at first on error by third baseman Scutaro. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to left, Loretta to second. Nixon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 2nd. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Thomas singled to deep left. Payton flied out to right. Crosby struck out swinging. Kielty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Lowell flied out to right. Varitek singled to right. Crisp grounded into double play, to first, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Melhuse struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out swinging. Kendall singled to center. Ellis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Youkilis flied out to right. Loretta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Swisher hit for Thomas. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay reached on bunt single to third. Swisher grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. Payton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Ortiz flied out to right. Ramirez walked. Nixon flied out to left. Lowell fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Crosby singled to left. Kielty singled to center, Crosby to second. Melhuse hit by pitch, Crosby to third, Kielty to second. Scutaro walked, Crosby scored, Kielty to third, Melhuse to second. Kendall struck out swinging. Ellis struck out swinging. Kotsay singled to center, Kielty and Melhuse scored, Scutaro to third. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Swisher singled to right, Scutaro scored, Kotsay to second. Payton singled to left, Kotsay scored, Swisher to second. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Payton out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Varitek struck out swinging. Crisp flied out to right. Gonzalez homered to left. Youkilis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Kielty struck out swinging. Melhuse flied out to center. Scutaro popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Loretta flied out to center. Ortiz popped out to third. Ramirez walked. Nixon singled to center, Ramirez thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Kendall flied out to center. Ellis grounded out to third. Kotsay doubled to deep right center. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Swisher walked. Payton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Lowell flied out to left. Varitek singled to right. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to second, Varitek out at second. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Crosby grounded out to third. Kielty singled to right. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Melhuse grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kielty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Youkilis grounded out to third. Loretta singled to center. Ortiz lined out to left. Loretta to second on wild pitch by Duchscherer. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Scutaro singled to left. Kendall singled to right, Scutaro to third. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Ellis doubled to left, Scutaro scored, Kendall to third. Kotsay singled to left, Kendall scored, Ellis to third. Swisher walked, Kotsay to second. Payton hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellis scored. Crosby grounded out to third, Kotsay to third, Swisher to second. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Nixon flied out to left. Lowell grounded out to third. Varitek popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Red Sox 1.	BoSox lead AL East by just half game after loss to A's