Angels - Top 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Izturis flied out to center. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Youkilis struck out swinging. Loretta struck out swinging. Ortiz walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Guerrero grounded out to second. Rivera doubled to left center. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. Salmon singled to right, Rivera scored. Napoli flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Nixon grounded out to third. Varitek walked. Lowell doubled to left center, Varitek to third. Crisp struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to third. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Youkilis struck out swinging. Loretta flied out to center. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero singled to left. Rivera flied out to right. Guerrero caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Anderson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Ramirez flied out to left. Nixon grounded out to first. Varitek lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Anderson hit ground rule double to right. Salmon grounded out to third. Napoli struck out looking. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Lowell struck out swinging. Crisp doubled to deep right. Gonzalez doubled to left, Crisp scored. Youkilis singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Loretta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Youkilis out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Izturis singled to left. Kendrick singled to center, Izturis to second. Cabrera lined out to third. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendrick out at second, Izturis to third. Guerrero stole second. Rivera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Ortiz reached on infield single to pitcher. Ramirez doubled to left, Ortiz scored. Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Escobar. Nixon struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to second. Lowell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Anderson singled to center. Pride ran for Salmon. Salmon singled to left, Anderson to second. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pride out at second, Anderson to third. Quinlan reached on infield single to third, Anderson scored, Napoli to second. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Izturis doubled to left center, Napoli scored, Quinlan to third. Kendrick singled to center, Quinlan and Izturis scored, Kendrick to second advancing on throw. Cabrera grounded out to third. Guerrero intentionally walked. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Rivera singled to left, Kendrick scored, Guerrero to third. Willits ran for Anderson. Figgins hit for Pride. Anderson singled to center, Guerrero scored, Rivera to second. Rivera in left field. Willits in center field. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willits out at second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Carrasco pitching for Angels. Crisp singled to left. Gonzalez walked, Crisp to second. Youkilis lined out to shortstop. Romero pitching for Angels. Loretta grounded out to pitcher, Crisp to third, Gonzalez to second. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Napoli singled to center. Quinlan grounded out to shortstop, Napoli to second. Izturis grounded out to shortstop, Napoli to third. Kendrick singled to right, Napoli scored. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Kapler hit for Nixon. Romero pitching for Angels. Ramirez walked. Kapler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. Pena in left field. Kapler in right field. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Mirabelli catching. Varitek lined into double play, shortstop to first, Kapler doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Guerrero flied out to right. Rivera flied out to center. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Willits flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Lowell flied out to center. Crisp grounded out to second. Gonzalez doubled to left. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to third. Loretta walked, Youkilis to second. Gonzalez scored, Youkilis to third, Loretta to second on wild pitch by Donnelly. Ortiz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Red Sox 3.	Seventh heaven: Six-run inning leads Halos past BoSox