Rangers - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus flied out to center . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Crisp doubled to deep left center . Barton walked . Jackson doubled to deep right , Crisp and Barton scored . Willingham flied out to right , Jackson to third . Suzuki singled to left , Jackson scored . Suzuki caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Matsui struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Beltre popped out to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to second . LaRoche doubled to left . Pennington grounded out to shortstop , LaRoche to third . Crisp singled to left , LaRoche scored . Barton doubled to deep right , Crisp to third . Jackson walked . Bush pitching for Rangers . Willingham struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Murphy walked . Torrealba lined out to second . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Rangers . Suzuki safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Matsui doubled to left , Suzuki scored . Ellis grounded out to first , Matsui to third . LaRoche hit by pitch . Pennington singled to center , Matsui scored , LaRoche to second . Crisp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pennington out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Andrus singled to shallow right . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus out at second . Beltre popped out to first . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Barton struck out looking . Jackson singled to right . Willingham grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Murphy singled to center . Torrealba struck out swinging . Moreland singled to deep right , Murphy to third . Kinsler popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . Matsui struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Andrus doubled to deep center . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Young singled to left , Andrus scored . Beltre flied out to center . Cruz grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Young out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Bush pitching for Rangers . LaRoche struck out swinging . Pennington safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Napoli struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . Torrealba walked . Moreland hit by pitch , Torrealba to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Kinsler doubled to deep center , Torrealba scored , Moreland to third . Andrus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Tucker pitching for Rangers . Barton safe at third on error by right fielder Moreland . Jackson grounded out to third . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton out at home . Willingham stole second . Suzuki singled to center , Willingham scored . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Tucker . Matsui walked . Ellis lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . Cruz struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Strop pitching for Rangers . LaRoche singled to center . Pennington grounded out to first , LaRoche to second . Crisp grounded out to second , LaRoche to third . Barton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop . Torrealba singled to right , Murphy to second . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Moreland flied out to left . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Athletics 7 .	Athletics break out the bats for win vs. Rangers