Rangers - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Andrus struck out looking . Moreland reached on infield single to pitcher . Young lined into double play , second to first , Moreland doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Ellis doubled to deep center . Barton grounded out to second , Ellis to third . Jackson grounded out to second . Willingham walked . Matsui grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Beltre grounded out to second . Cruz struck out looking . Murphy singled to right . Davis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to second . DeJesus walked . LaRoche singled to right , DeJesus to third . Pennington reached on bunt single to pitcher , DeJesus scored , LaRoche to second . Ellis flied out to right . Barton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Teagarden walked . Borbon sacrificed to first , Teagarden to second , Borbon safe at first on error by pitcher McCarthy . Andrus bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Teagarden out at third , Borbon to second . Moreland grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Andrus out at second , Borbon to third . Young doubled to deep center , Borbon and Moreland scored . Beltre struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jackson lined out to shortstop . Willingham struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Murphy grounded out to second . Davis singled to right . Teagarden grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Suzuki homered to left ( 359 feet ) . DeJesus singled to center . LaRoche reached on bunt single to third , DeJesus to second . Pennington bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeJesus out at third , LaRoche to second . Ellis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pennington out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Borbon singled to center . Andrus singled to right , Borbon to second . Moreland sacrificed to catcher , Borbon to third , Andrus to second , Moreland safe at first on throwing error by pitcher McCarthy . Borbon to third on throwing error by pitcher McCarthy . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Borbon scored , Andrus to third , Moreland to second . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to right , Andrus scored , Moreland to third . Cruz flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Barton safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Jackson struck out swinging . Willingham doubled to deep right , Barton to third . Matsui grounded out to third , Barton scored . Suzuki grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Murphy walked . Davis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Murphy out at second . Teagarden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche struck out swinging . Pennington singled to center . Pennington caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ellis batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Borbon doubled to center . Andrus sacrificed to pitcher , Borbon to third . Moreland grounded out to second . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Young walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Ellis lined out to second . Barton struck out looking . Jackson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Cruz struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to third . Davis singled to center . Teagarden flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Willingham homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Matsui grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to center . DeJesus flied out to left . LaRoche flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Napoli hit for Borbon . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Andrus flied out to right . Moreland flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Moreland in right field . Cruz in left field . Murphy in center field . Napoli at first base . Eppley pitching for Rangers . Pennington walked . Ellis sacrificed to pitcher , Pennington to second . Barton intentionally walked . Jackson lined out to center . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 10th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Young struck out swinging . Beltre walked . Cruz flied out to right . Murphy walked , Beltre to second . Davis walked , Beltre to third , Murphy to second . Torrealba hit for Teagarden . Torrealba struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Torrealba catching . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Matsui homered to right ( 404 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Athletics 5 .	Matsui 's homer in 10th lifts A 's over Rangers