Athletics - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Crisp fouled out to first . Barton singled to right . Jackson struck out swinging . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Kinsler singled to left . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . Andrus stole second . Young grounded out to pitcher , Andrus to third . Napoli walked . Murphy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Suzuki flied out to right . LaRoche walked . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRoche out at second . Powell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Torrealba grounded out to first . Moreland struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Pennington grounded out to first . Crisp struck out looking . Barton walked . Jackson walked , Barton to second . Willingham homered to left ( 411 feet ) , Barton and Jackson scored . Suzuki flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Borbon reached on infield single to pitcher . Kinsler lined into double play , third to first , Borbon doubled off first . Andrus reached on infield single to third . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Cahill . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . LaRoche lined out to third . Ellis flied out to right . Powell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Napoli struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to first . Torrealba grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Pennington safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Davis . Crisp flied out to right . Barton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pennington out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Moreland homered to right ( 453 feet ) . Davis singled to right . Borbon flied out to left . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop , Davis to second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Willingham flied out to center . Suzuki lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Young grounded out to shortstop . Napoli struck out swinging . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . LaRoche walked . Ellis flied out to left . Powell flied out to center . Pennington popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Athletics . Torrealba struck out swinging . Moreland struck out swinging . Davis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Crisp hit by pitch . Crisp stole second . Barton walked . Tucker pitching for Rangers . Jackson walked , Crisp to third , Barton to second . Willingham singled to left , Crisp and Barton scored , Jackson to second . Suzuki doubled to left , Jackson scored , Willingham to third . LaRoche walked . Tomko pitching for Rangers . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to left , Willingham scored . Powell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Borbon grounded out to first . Kinsler singled to left . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Andrus struck out swinging . Young singled to right , Kinsler to third , Kinsler scored , Young to second on throwing error by right fielder Jackson . Napoli grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 9th . Tomko pitching for Rangers . Pennington walked . Crisp grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pennington out at second . Barton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Murphy singled to center . Torrealba popped out to second . Moreland singled to center , Murphy to second . Davis struck out swinging . Beltre hit for Borbon . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moreland out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Rangers 2 .	Cahill silences Rangers