Angels - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Bourjos walked . Aybar doubled to center , Bourjos to third . Izturis struck out swinging . Hunter grounded out to shortstop , Bourjos scored , Aybar to third . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Andrus safe at first on error by pitcher Santana . Andrus stole second . Kinsler reached on infield single to first . Young flied out to center . Beltre walked , Andrus to third , Kinsler to second . Murphy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Callaspo lined out to right . Trumbo walked . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus . Mathis caught stealing second , catcher to second , Trumbo to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Willits walked . Bourjos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Napoli flied out to right . Davis flied out to left . Gentry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Aybar struck out looking . Izturis flied out to center . Hunter singled to left . Kendrick singled to left , Hunter to third . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Chavez grounded out to first . Andrus singled to center . Kinsler singled to left , Andrus to second . Young flied out to left , Andrus to third . Beltre homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Andrus and Kinsler scored . Murphy fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Trumbo lined out to center . Mathis grounded out to shortstop . Willits grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Napoli grounded out to second . Davis homered to left center ( 400 feet ) . Gentry bunt grounded out to catcher . Chavez popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Bourjos popped out to second . Aybar homered to center ( 412 feet ) . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . Hunter walked . Kendrick lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Andrus flied out to right . Kinsler doubled to right . Young lined out to center . Beltre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Callaspo singled to left center . Trumbo singled to right , Callaspo to second . Tomko pitching for Rangers . Mathis sacrificed to third , Callaspo to third , Trumbo to second , Mathis safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre . Callaspo to third on error by third baseman Beltre . Abreu hit for Willits . Abreu struck out swinging . Bourjos flied out to center . Aybar singled to right , Callaspo and Trumbo scored , Mathis to third . Izturis flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Kendrick in left field . Amarista at second base . Santana pitching for Angels . Murphy struck out looking . Napoli flied out to center . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Tomko pitching for Rangers . Hunter popped out to shortstop . Kendrick lined out to shortstop . Callaspo walked . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Gentry grounded out to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler reached on infield single to second , Andrus to second . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Tomko pitching for Rangers . Mathis struck out swinging . Amarista tripled to deep right center . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Amarista out at home , Bourjos to second . Aybar intentionally walked . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Izturis fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Thompson pitching for Angels . Beltre walked . Murphy walked , Beltre to second . Napoli singled to right , Beltre to third , Murphy to second . Takahashi pitching for Angels . Davis singled to right , Beltre scored , Murphy to third , Napoli to second . Gentry bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Murphy out at home , Napoli to third , Davis to second . Chavez popped out to third . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Andrus flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Hunter lined out to second . Kendrick walked . Callaspo struck out swinging . Kendrick caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 4 - Rangers 5 .	Rangers use 8th inning single to edge Angels