Athletics - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Weeks struck out looking . DeJesus struck out swinging . Crisp lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kinsler flied out to right . Andrus singled to center . Hamilton singled to center , Andrus to second . Beltre safe at first on error by shortstop Rosales , Andrus scored , Hamilton to second . Young reached on infield single to third , Hamilton to third , Beltre to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Napoli homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Hamilton , Beltre and Young scored . Torrealba walked . Gentry struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Willingham struck out swinging . Sizemore homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Jackson flied out to right . Sweeney struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kinsler homered to left ( 421 feet ) . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton grounded out to second . Beltre homered to left ( 391 feet ) . Young grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Suzuki walked . Rosales struck out looking . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Suzuki out at second . DeJesus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cruz walked . Cruz stole second . Napoli lined out to right , Cruz to third . Torrealba struck out looking . Gentry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Crisp walked . Willingham singled to left , Crisp to second . Sizemore walked , Crisp to third , Willingham to second . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Crisp scored , Sizemore out at second , Willingham to third . Sweeney grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Kinsler walked . Andrus singled to center , Kinsler to third . Andrus stole second . Hamilton grounded out to first . Beltre struck out swinging . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Rosales hit by pitch . Weeks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Cruz grounded out to second . Napoli doubled to deep center . Torrealba singled to center , Napoli scored . Gentry struck out swinging . Kinsler walked , Torrealba to second . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kinsler out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . DeJesus reached on bunt single to third . DeJesus stole second . DeJesus to third on passed ball by Torrealba . Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop , DeJesus scored . Willingham doubled to deep left , Crisp scored . Sizemore struck out looking . Jackson struck out swinging . Sweeney struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Hamilton safe at first on error by shortstop Rosales . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hamilton out at second . Young grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Beltre out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Rosales flied out to right . Weeks flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Cruz flied out to center . Napoli doubled to deep left center . Torrealba struck out swinging . Chavez hit for Gentry . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Chavez in center field . Hunter pitching for Rangers . DeJesus struck out swinging . Crisp walked . Willingham struck out swinging , Crisp stole second . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Kinsler struck out swinging . Andrus flied out to right . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Jackson walked . Sweeney singled to right , Jackson to third . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jackson scored , Sweeney out at second . Rosales grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Rangers 8 .	Rangers ' win streak at 5 , 1 day after fan 's death