Blue Jays - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Escobar grounded out to third . Thames flied out to left . Bautista walked . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus grounded out to second . Hamilton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Snider struck out swinging . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Beltre walked . Young singled to center , Beltre to third . Cruz doubled to deep left , Beltre scored , Young to third . Napoli grounded out to shortstop , Young scored . Torrealba struck out swinging . Gentry flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Patterson popped out to third . Arencibia struck out swinging . Escobar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler grounded out to second . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Thames walked . Bautista flied out to center . Lind flied out to right . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Beltre doubled to left . Young reached on infield single to third , Beltre to third . Cruz homered to left center ( 418 feet ) , Beltre and Young scored . Napoli singled to right . Torrealba flied out to right . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Napoli out at second . Kinsler popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Snider grounded out to third . Hill lined out to left . Patterson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Reyes pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus struck out swinging , Andrus safe at first on wild pitch by Reyes . Andrus stole second . Andrus safe at third on throwing error by catcher Arencibia . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre singled to right center , Andrus scored . Young doubled to deep left , Beltre to third . Quintanilla ran for Beltre . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz singled to center , Quintanilla and Young scored . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at second . Torrealba grounded out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Quintanilla at third base . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Arencibia homered to left ( 396 feet ) . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Thames lined out to right . Bautista flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Gentry hit by pitch . Kinsler singled to center , Gentry to second . Andrus flied out to left , Gentry to third , Kinsler to second . Hamilton intentionally walked . Quintanilla grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gentry scored , Hamilton out at second , Kinsler to third . Young singled to right , Kinsler scored , Quintanilla to second , Quintanilla to third , Young to second on error by right fielder Thames . Cruz singled to center , Quintanilla and Young scored . Napoli reached on infield single to third , Cruz to second . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Lind singled to center . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lind safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus . Snider flied out to center , Lind to third . Hill flied out to center . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Davis hit for Patterson . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . McDonald at third base . Snider in left field . Davis in center field . Dotel pitching for Blue Jays . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Arencibia homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Escobar flied out to right . Thames flied out to center . McDonald grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . McCoy at third base . McDonald at shortstop . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Hamilton struck out swinging . Quintanilla struck out swinging . Murphy hit for Young . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Lind grounded out to second . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 2 - Rangers 12 .	Cruz ( 8 RBIs ) , Rangers roll