Mets - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Reyes singled to right. Harris struck out swinging. Wright grounded out to shortstop, Reyes to second. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Mets. Victorino singled to center. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Victorino out at second. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Pagan walked. Duda grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pagan out at second. Emaus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Duda out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Mets. Howard walked. Francisco struck out looking. Ibanez struck out swinging. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Thole singled to center. Niese struck out bunting foul. Reyes singled to right, Thole to second. Harris singled to right, Thole to third, Reyes to second. Wright struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Mets. Valdez reached on infield single to shortstop. Halladay sacrificed to catcher, Valdez to second. Victorino singled to center, Valdez scored, Victorino to second on throwing error by center fielder Pagan. Polanco doubled to deep left center, Victorino scored. Rollins grounded out to second, Polanco to third. Howard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Pagan singled to center. Duda flied out to left. Pagan stole second. Emaus flied out to center, Pagan to third. Thole struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Mets. Francisco singled to left. Ibanez hit by pitch, Francisco to second. Ruiz singled to left, Francisco scored, Ibanez to second. Valdez doubled to deep right, Ibanez scored, Ruiz to third. Halladay struck out swinging. Victorino struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right, Ruiz and Valdez scored. Rollins grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Murphy hit for Niese. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Murphy struck out looking. Reyes flied out to center. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Beato pitching for Mets. Murphy in left field. Howard singled to left. Francisco flied out to left. Ibanez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Howard safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Davis. Ruiz flied out to center. Valdez doubled to deep right center, Howard and Ibanez scored, Valdez out stretching at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Wright flied out to center. Davis singled to right. Pagan flied out to left. Duda grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Beato pitching for Mets. Halladay singled to center. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Halladay out at second. Polanco grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Emaus struck out looking. Thole grounded out to first. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Hairston in left field. Byrdak pitching for Mets. Rollins singled to center. Howard grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rollins out at second. Francisco struck out swinging. Ibanez homered to right (361 feet), Howard scored. Ruiz flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Baez pitching for Phillies. Reyes flied out to left. Hairston flied out to center. Wright doubled to deep right. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Carrasco pitching for Mets. Valdez reached on infield single to third. Mayberry Jr. hit for Baez. Mayberry Jr. singled to left, Valdez to second. Victorino flied out to center, Valdez to third. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valdez scored, Mayberry Jr. out at second. Rollins reached on infield single to second, Polanco to second. Polanco to third, Rollins to second on wild pitch by Carrasco. Howard grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Pagan grounded out to second. Duda walked. Emaus grounded into double play, second to first, Duda out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 0 - Phillies 11.	Halladay silences Mets