Phillies - Top 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Victorino doubled to deep left. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Rollins grounded into double play, third to second to first, Polanco out at second, Victorino to third. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Desmond grounded out to third. Ankiel flied out to center. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Francisco grounded out to third. Ibanez struck out swinging. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. LaRoche singled to shallow right. Nix grounded out to first, LaRoche to second. Espinosa sacrificed to third, LaRoche to third. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Valdez reached on infield single to second. Halladay sacrificed to catcher, Valdez to second. Victorino walked. Polanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Victorino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Lannan grounded out to shortstop. Desmond walked. Desmond stole second. Ankiel walked. Werth grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Rollins safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond. Howard grounded out to second, Rollins to second, Rollins to third on interference error by shortstop Desmond. Francisco grounded out to shortstop, Rollins scored. Ibanez flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. LaRoche singled to shallow center. Nix popped out to catcher. Espinosa grounded into double play, second to first, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Ruiz singled to shallow center. Valdez walked, Ruiz to second. Halladay grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ruiz out at third, Valdez to second. Victorino flied out to right, Valdez to third. Polanco singled to shallow center, Valdez scored, Halladay to second. Rollins singled to right, Halladay to third, Polanco to second. Howard hit by pitch, Halladay scored, Polanco to third, Rollins to second. Francisco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Lannan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Ibanez struck out swinging. Ruiz walked. Valdez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ruiz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Desmond flied out to left. Ankiel flied out to right. Werth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Gaudin pitching for Nationals. Halladay struck out swinging. Victorino flied out to left. Polanco walked. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. LaRoche popped out to first. Nix hit by pitch. Espinosa fouled out to pitcher. Hairston Jr. struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to first. Francisco lined out to right. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Rodriguez flied out to right. Cora grounded out to shortstop. Desmond grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Broderick pitching for Nationals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Halladay popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Ankiel doubled to deep right center. Werth singled to left, Ankiel to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. Nix singled to right, Ankiel scored, Werth to third. Espinosa reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth scored, Nix to second. Stairs struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 3 - Nationals 2.	Halladay K's 9 as Phillies knock off Nationals