Phillies - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Rollins homered to right (379 feet). Victorino flied out to center. Polanco lined out to center. Howard doubled to deep right. Ibanez singled to left, Howard thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Coghlan singled to right. Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher, Coghlan to second. Ramirez singled to center, Coghlan to third. Sanchez doubled to deep left center, Coghlan and Ramirez scored. Stanton walked. Dobbs grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Stanton out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Gload grounded out to second. Orr grounded out to first. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Buck struck out swinging. Infante singled to left. Vazquez sacrificed to catcher, Infante to second. Coghlan singled to left center, Infante scored. Coghlan stole second. Bonifacio lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Blanton singled to center. Rollins singled to right, Blanton to second. Victorino flied out to center. Polanco singled to left center, Blanton to third, Rollins to second. Howard singled to right, Blanton scored, Rollins to third, Polanco to second. Ibanez popped out to catcher. Gload singled to left center, Rollins scored, Polanco to third, Howard to second, Polanco scored, Howard to third on error by pitcher Vazquez. Orr grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Ramirez singled to center. Sanchez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Stanton singled to left. Dobbs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Schneider grounded out to first. Blanton grounded out to second. Rollins lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Buck walked. Infante grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Buck out at second. Vazquez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Marlins. Victorino tripled to right. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Victorino scored. Howard walked. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Ibanez singled to right, Howard to third. Gload singled to left center, Howard scored, Ibanez to second. Orr struck out swinging. Schneider grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Coghlan reached on infield single to second. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Coghlan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Martinez hit for Blanton. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Martinez flied out to center. Rollins grounded out to first. Victorino grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Worley pitching for Phillies. Sanchez singled to right. Stanton grounded out to third, Sanchez to second. Dobbs grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanchez out at third. Buck walked, Dobbs to second. Infante flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Mujica pitching for Marlins. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Howard grounded out to first. Bonifacio at second base. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Petersen in left field. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Mayberry Jr. in right field. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Petersen grounded out to second. Coghlan walked. Bonifacio grounded out to first, Coghlan to second. Ramirez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Mayberry Jr. singled to center. Orr struck out swinging. Mayberry Jr. stole second. Schneider grounded out to first, Mayberry Jr. to third. Worley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Valdez at second base. Richard Worley pitching for Phillies. Sanchez homered to left (337 feet). Stanton struck out looking. Dobbs popped out to second. Buck struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Sanches pitching for Marlins. Rollins struck out swinging. Victorino walked. Victorino stole second. Polanco flied out to right, Victorino to third on error by right fielder Stanton. Choate pitching for Marlins. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Cousins hit for Choate. Cousins singled to left. Petersen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cousins out at second. Coghlan struck out swinging. Bonifacio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 6 - Marlins 4.	Phils tip shaky Marlins as Blanton wins return