Phillies - Top 1st. Beachy pitching for Braves. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino singled to right center. Polanco singled to right, Victorino to second. Howard homered to center (470 feet), Victorino and Polanco scored. Francisco singled to left. Ibanez singled to center, Francisco to second. Orr grounded out to second, Francisco to third, Ibanez to second. Ruiz intentionally walked. Hamels struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Prado singled to right. McLouth sacrificed to catcher, Prado to second, McLouth safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hamels. Jones singled to left, Prado scored, McLouth to second. McCann grounded out to first, McLouth to third, Jones to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Freeman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Beachy pitching for Braves. Rollins flied out to left. Victorino grounded out to first. Polanco singled to left. Howard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Mather grounded out to third. Beachy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Braves. Francisco struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging. Orr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Prado singled to right. McLouth struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. Prado caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Hamels grounded out to second. Rollins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Uggla flied out to center. Freeman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Victorino flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez singled to left. Mather doubled to deep left, Gonzalez to third. Martinez doubled to left, Gonzalez and Mather scored. Prado safe at first on error by third baseman Polanco. McLouth sacrificed to catcher, Martinez to third, Prado to second. Jones intentionally walked. McCann grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Francisco popped out to shortstop. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Orr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Uggla flied out to center. Freeman struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to center. Mather hit ground rule double to deep right, Gonzalez to third. Hernandez hit for Martinez. Gonzalez scored, Mather to third on wild pitch by Hamels. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Gearrin pitching for Braves. Ruiz grounded out to second. Gload hit for Hamels. Gload flied out to center. Rollins doubled to deep right. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Victorino singled to center, Rollins scored, Victorino to second advancing on throw. Polanco flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Romero pitching for Phillies. Prado doubled to deep center. McLouth sacrificed to first, Prado to third. Jones intentionally walked. McCann walked, Jones to second. Stutes pitching for Phillies. Uggla struck out swinging. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Howard singled to right, Howard to second on error by right fielder Mather. Francisco struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to right, Howard scored, Ibanez to second advancing on throw. Mayberry Jr. hit for Orr. Mayberry Jr. popped out to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Worley pitching for Phillies. Valdez at second base. Gonzalez singled to center. Mather sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Hinske hit for O'Flaherty. Hinske struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Linebrink pitching for Braves. Valdez grounded out to shortstop. Rollins grounded out to second. Victorino grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. McLouth grounded out to first. Jones walked. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jones out at second. Heyward ran for McCann. Heyward to second on passed ball by Ruiz. Uggla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 5 - Braves 4.	Ibanez, Howard lift Phillies past Martinez, Braves