Phillies - Top 1st. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Victorino grounded out to third. Polanco grounded out to third. Utley singled to right. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Paul singled to right. Harrison sacrificed to pitcher, Paul to second. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop, Paul to third. Walker homered to right center (395 feet), Paul scored. Overbay struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Ibanez grounded out to second. Ruiz struck out looking. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Jones singled to left. Wood popped into double play, shortstop to first, Jones doubled off first. Brown grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Valdez grounded out to second. Halladay flied out to right. Victorino singled to right. Victorino to second on wild pitch by McDonald. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. McDonald singled to left. Paul sacrificed to pitcher, McDonald to second. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Utley walked. Utley to second on wild pitch by McDonald. Howard walked. Utley to third, Howard to second on passed ball by Brown. Ibanez hit sacrifice fly to center, Utley scored, Howard to third. Ruiz hit by pitch. Brown singled to center, Ruiz to second. Valdez grounded into double play, second to first, Brown out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Walker flied out to center. Overbay flied out to center. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. McDonald pitching for Pirates. Halladay walked. Victorino walked, Halladay to second. Polanco walked, Halladay to third, Victorino to second. Resop pitching for Pirates. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Halladay out at home, Victorino to third, Polanco to second. Howard hit sacrifice fly to center, Victorino scored, Polanco to third, Utley to second. Ibanez intentionally walked. Ruiz hit by pitch, Polanco scored, Utley to third, Ibanez to second. Brown grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Wood struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. Ciriaco hit for Resop. Ciriaco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Valdez grounded out to pitcher. Halladay singled to right. Victorino grounded out to pitcher, Halladay to second. Polanco singled to left, Halladay scored. Utley singled to right, Polanco to third. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Utley stole second. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Paul grounded out to first. Harrison popped out to shortstop. McCutchen walked. Walker struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Moskos pitching for Pirates. Ibanez flied out to right. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Brown doubled to deep right. Valdez intentionally walked. Halladay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Overbay grounded out to second. Jones popped out to shortstop. Wood singled to center. Diaz hit for Brown. Diaz reached on infield single to third, Wood to second, Wood to third on throwing error by third baseman Polanco. Tabata hit for Moskos. Tabata lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 8th. Snyder catching. Ascanio pitching for Pirates. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Polanco singled to right. Utley singled to right, Polanco to second. Howard singled to center, Polanco scored, Utley to second. Veras pitching for Pirates. Ibanez safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay, Utley to third, Howard to second. Ruiz fouled out to catcher. Brown struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Contreras pitching for Phillies. Paul grounded out to first. Harrison doubled to deep center. McCutchen singled to left, Harrison scored. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Walker flied out to center. Overbay reached on infield single to third, McCutchen to second. Jones struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. McCutchen pitching for Pirates. Valdez singled to center. Francisco hit for Bastardo. Francisco singled to right, Valdez to third. Victorino singled to center, Valdez scored, Francisco to second. Polanco flied out to center. Utley flied out to left. Howard singled to center, Francisco scored, Victorino to third. Ibanez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Wood singled to left. Snyder popped out to shortstop. Cedeno hit for McCutchen. Cedeno struck out looking. Paul struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Pirates 3.	Phils beat Pirates, end four-game losing skid