Phillies - Top 1st. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Rollins lined out to second. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Utley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Theriot walked. Theriot caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Jay struck out swinging. Holliday walked. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Howard walked. Polanco flied out to right. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Howard out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Rasmus struck out swinging. Molina popped out to third. Descalso doubled to left. McClellan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Brown grounded out to second. Ruiz singled to center. Halladay struck out swinging. Rollins walked, Ruiz to second. Victorino popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Schumaker grounded out to second. Theriot grounded out to shortstop. Jay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Utley flied out to right. Howard walked. Polanco flied out to right. Ibanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Berkman lined out to second. Rasmus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Brown flied out to right. Ruiz singled to center. Halladay bunted into fielder's choice to first, Ruiz out at second. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Molina singled to left. Descalso singled to right, Molina to second. McClellan bunt popped out foul to catcher. Schumaker singled to center, Molina to third, Descalso to second. Theriot grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina scored, Schumaker out at second, Descalso to third. Jay popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Victorino grounded out to second. Utley singled to right. Howard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Utley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Phillies. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Berkman grounded out to pitcher. Rasmus struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Polanco grounded out to first. Ibanez walked. Brown flied out to center. Ruiz singled to left, Ibanez to second. Gload hit for Halladay. Gload singled to left, Ibanez scored, Ruiz to second, Ruiz thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Stutes pitching for Phillies. Molina fouled out to first. Descalso walked. Hamilton hit for McClellan. Hamilton singled to right, Descalso to third. Schumaker hit sacrifice fly to center, Descalso scored. Theriot flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Rollins lined out to left. Victorino singled to left center. Utley walked, Victorino to second. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Howard hit by pitch, Victorino to third, Utley to second. Polanco hit by pitch, Victorino scored, Utley to third, Howard to second. Valdez ran for Polanco. Tallet pitching for Cardinals. Ibanez struck out swinging. Francisco hit for Brown. Francisco singled to left, Utley scored, Howard to third, Valdez to second. Batista pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz walked, Howard scored, Valdez to third, Francisco to second. Martinez hit for Stutes. Martinez walked, Valdez scored, Francisco to third, Ruiz to second. Rollins singled to center, Francisco and Ruiz scored, Martinez to second. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Victorino walked, Martinez to third, Rollins to second. Utley singled to left, Martinez and Rollins scored, Victorino to second. Howard singled to center, Victorino scored, Utley to third. Valdez flied out to right. 9 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Valdez at third base. Francisco in right field. Martinez at second base. Kozma hit for Jay. Kozma grounded out to third. Holliday walked. Brown hit for Berkman. Brown struck out swinging. Rasmus grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Kozma at second base. Cruz catching. Brown in right field. Molina at first base. Schumaker in left field. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Ibanez grounded out to second. Francisco struck out looking. Ruiz singled to center. Martinez safe at first on error by first baseman Molina, Ruiz to second. Rollins walked, Ruiz to third, Martinez to second. Victorino flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Herndon pitching for Phillies. Molina struck out looking. Descalso grounded out to second. Cleto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 10 - Cardinals 2.	Phillies ride nine-run eighth inning past Cardinals