Phillies - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rollins walked. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to first, Rollins out at second. Utley flied out to left. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Torres struck out swinging. Keppinger singled to center. Beltran grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Keppinger out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez grounded out to first. Ruiz singled to deep right. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Sandoval singled to left. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second. Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep left center. Schierholtz walked. Stewart popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Oswalt singled to center. Rollins grounded out to first, Oswalt to second. Victorino struck out looking. Utley singled to right center, Oswalt scored. Howard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Lincecum struck out looking. Torres flied out to center. Keppinger singled to right. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Pence grounded out to third. Ibanez grounded out to first. Ruiz singled to left. Martinez singled to center, Ruiz to second. Oswalt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Sandoval hit ground rule double to right. Huff singled to left. Cabrera flied out to left. Schierholtz singled to right, Sandoval to third, Huff to second. Stewart singled to center, Sandoval scored, Huff to third, Schierholtz to second. Lincecum bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Huff out at home, Schierholtz to third, Stewart to second. Torres flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rollins out at second. Utley popped out to third. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Keppinger singled to center. Beltran singled to deep right, Keppinger to third. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to first, Keppinger out at home, Beltran to second. Huff walked, Beltran to third, Sandoval to second. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center, Beltran scored, Sandoval to third. Schierholtz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Pence grounded out to third. Ibanez lined out to second. Ruiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Oswalt pitching for Phillies. Stewart singled to center. Lincecum sacrificed to pitcher, Stewart to second. Torres singled to center, Stewart to third. Keppinger hit sacrifice fly to right, Stewart scored. Torres stole second. Beltran struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Martinez grounded out to second. Mayberry Jr. hit for Oswalt. Mayberry Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Sandoval flied out to right. Huff walked. Huff stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Schierholtz intentionally walked. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Huff out at third, Schierholtz to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Rowand in left field. Schierholtz in right field. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Utley singled to right. Howard flied out to center. Pence safe at first on error by first baseman Huff, Utley to third. Lopez pitching for Giants. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Stutes pitching for Phillies. Fontenot hit for Lopez. Fontenot flied out to left. Torres struck out swinging. Keppinger singled to right. Rowand popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Fontenot at second base. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Francisco hit for Martinez. Francisco doubled to left. Gload hit for Stutes. Gload flied out to left. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 1 - Giants 3.	Lincecum helps Giants snap Phils' win streak