Cardinals - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Phillies. Furcal tripled to deep right. Craig struck out swinging. Pujols popped out to second. Berkman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Rollins doubled to deep right. Utley walked. Pence walked, Rollins to third, Utley to second. Howard singled to center, Rollins and Utley scored, Pence to third. Victorino flied out to center. Ibanez singled to left center, Pence scored, Howard to second. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Freese doubled to right. Molina struck out looking. Theriot struck out looking. Jay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Lee struck out swinging. Rollins doubled to deep right center. Utley walked, Rollins stole third. Utley batting. Pence singled to right, Rollins scored, Utley to second. Howard flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Carpenter flied out to right. Furcal grounded out to second. Craig walked. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Victorino grounded out to first. Ibanez grounded out to second. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Berkman walked. Freese struck out looking. Molina reached on infield single to shortstop, Berkman to second. Theriot doubled to right, Berkman scored, Molina to third. Jay singled to right, Molina scored, Theriot to third, Jay to second advancing on throw. Punto hit for Carpenter. Punto struck out swinging. Furcal singled to left, Theriot scored, Jay thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz grounded out to third. Lee grounded out to second. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Craig struck out looking. Pujols struck out looking. Berkman popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Utley struck out looking. Pence struck out swinging. Howard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Freese struck out swinging. Molina flied out to left. Theriot doubled to left. Jay singled to left, Theriot scored, Jay to second advancing on throw. Schumaker hit for Salas. Schumaker reached on infield single to second, Jay to third. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Victorino lined out to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Craig tripled to deep center. Pujols singled to left center, Craig scored. Berkman singled to shallow right, Pujols to third. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pujols out at home, Berkman to third, Freese to second. Molina intentionally walked. Theriot grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Dotel pitching for Cardinals. Ruiz struck out swinging. Gload hit for Lidge. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at third base. Francisco hit for Gload. Francisco flied out to center. Rollins singled to left. Rollins caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Utley batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Jay walked. Descalso sacrificed to catcher, Jay to second. Furcal struck out swinging. Worley pitching for Phillies. Craig flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals. Utley hit by pitch. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Chambers in right field. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Utley out at second. Rhodes pitching for Cardinals. Howard struck out swinging. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Victorino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Pujols singled to left. Berkman struck out swinging. Pujols caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop to first to second. Chambers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Ibanez struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to right. Ruiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Phillies 4.	Cards stun Lee, Phils to even series \n\n