Cubs - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . DeJesus flied out to right . Castro struck out swinging . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Span flied out to center . Bernadina flied out to right . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Soriano struck out swinging . Schierholtz grounded out to first . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . LaRoche grounded out to first . Desmond doubled to center . Espinosa flied out to center , Desmond to third . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Castillo struck out swinging . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Ramos grounded out to pitcher . Strasburg flied out to right . Span struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . DeJesus flied out to right . Castro struck out swinging . Rizzo singled to right center . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Bernadina struck out swinging . Zimmerman flied out to right . LaRoche lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Schierholtz lined out to center . Valbuena doubled to right , Valbuena out stretching at third . Castillo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Barney walked , Castillo to second . Jackson doubled to deep right center , Castillo and Barney scored . DeJesus walked . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Jackson to third , DeJesus to second . Rizzo singled to center , Jackson and DeJesus scored , Castro to third . Rizzo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Soriano batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Ransom at third base . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Desmond homered to center ( 421 feet ) . Espinosa singled to left center . Moore grounded out to third , Espinosa to second . Ramos grounded out to shortstop , Espinosa to third . Tracy hit for Strasburg . Tracy flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Duke pitching for Nationals . Soriano doubled to right center . Schierholtz singled to left , Soriano to third . Soriano scored , Schierholtz to second on wild pitch by Duke . Ransom doubled to deep left , Schierholtz scored . Castillo hit by pitch . Barney flied out to center , Ransom to third . Jackson sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . DeJesus singled to center , Ransom and Castillo scored . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Castro struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Span grounded out to pitcher . Bernadina walked . Zimmerman walked , Bernadina to second . LaRoche singled to right , Bernadina to third , Zimmerman to second . Camp pitching for Cubs . Desmond singled to left , Bernadina scored , Zimmerman to third , LaRoche to second . Espinosa struck out swinging . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaRoche out at third , Desmond to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Perez in center field . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Rizzo singled to center . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rizzo safe at second on error by third baseman Zimmerman . Schierholtz lined out to left . Ransom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Camp pitching for Cubs . Ramos struck out swinging . Lombardozzi hit for Mattheus . Lombardozzi tripled to right . Perez flied out to center . Bernadina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Castillo struck out swinging . Barney doubled to left . Sweeney hit for Camp . Sweeney lined out to right . DeJesus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman popped out to first . LaRoche popped out to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Castro grounded out to second . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Soriano doubled to deep left . Schierholtz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Espinosa flied out to left . Moore struck out swinging . Ramos grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 8 - Nationals 2 .	Cubs crush Nats ; Strasburg now 1 - 5