Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Parra walked . Parra to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Gregorius struck out looking . Prado grounded out to shortstop , Parra to third . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt stole second . Kubel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Borbon grounded out to first . Castro hit by pitch . Rizzo walked , Castro to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Hairston hit by pitch , Castro to third , Rizzo to second . Navarro walked , Castro scored , Rizzo to third , Hairston to second . Ransom flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Ross flied out to center . Nieves reached on infield single to second . Pennington singled to left , Nieves to second . Corbin safe at first on error by center fielder Borbon , Nieves to third , Pennington to second . Parra singled to right , Nieves and Pennington scored , Corbin to second . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Parra out at second , Corbin to third . Corbin scored , Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Prado grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney flied out to center . Jackson flied out to right . Borbon reached on bunt single to second , Borbon to second on throwing error by second baseman Pennington . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Kubel reached on infield single to third . Ross doubled to deep right , Kubel to third . Nieves grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kubel out at home . Pennington grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo flied out to left . Soriano struck out swinging . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Corbin grounded out to second . Parra lined out to left . Gregorius struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Ransom struck out looking . Barney doubled to deep center . Jackson singled to center , Barney scored . Borbon flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Prado grounded out to second . Goldschmidt singled to center . Kubel singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Ross popped out to shortstop . Nieves singled to left center , Goldschmidt scored , Kubel to second . Kubel to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Pennington grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Rizzo struck out swinging . Soriano doubled to right . Hairston homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Soriano scored . Navarro grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Corbin struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to second . Gregorius singled to right . Prado singled to center , Gregorius to second . Goldschmidt singled to center , Gregorius scored , Prado to second . Prado to third , Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Jackson . Kubel intentionally walked . Ross singled to right , Prado and Goldschmidt scored , Kubel to third . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Nieves struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Ransom flied out to center . Barney singled to center . DeJesus hit for Rondon . DeJesus struck out looking . Borbon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Parker pitching for Cubs . Pennington walked . Hinske hit for Corbin . Pennington stole second . Hinske struck out swinging . Parra grounded out to first , Pennington to third . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro lined out to second . Rizzo walked . Soriano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Prado walked . Goldschmidt walked , Prado to second . Kubel struck out swinging . Prado caught stealing third , catcher to third . Goldschmidt stole second . Ross walked . Nieves singled to left , Goldschmidt scored , Ross to second . Pennington struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schierholtz hit for Hairston . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Navarro struck out looking . Valbuena hit for Ransom . Valbuena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Schierholtz in right field . Valbuena at third base . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Wilson hit for Hernandez . Wilson flied out to left . Parra flied out to center . Gregorius grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney walked . Sweeney hit for Gregg . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Barney out at second . Borbon flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Cubs 4 .	Diamondbacks ' Corbin 1st to reach 9 wins