Cardinals - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Cubs . Carpenter grounded out to second . Descalso grounded out to first . Beltran flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Valbuena grounded out to first . Castro grounded out to third . Rizzo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Craig grounded out to second . Adams singled to shallow left . Freese flied out to center . Jay singled to center , Adams to second . Cruz singled to left , Adams scored , Jay to second . Lynn lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Soriano doubled to right center . Navarro singled to right , Soriano scored on error by right fielder Beltran . Navarro to second on passed ball by Cruz . Bogusevic grounded out to second , Navarro to third . Sappelt singled to shallow center , Navarro scored . Barney reached on infield single to third , Sappelt to second . Garza reached on bunt single to shortstop , Sappelt to third , Barney to second . Valbuena struck out swinging . Castro reached on infield single to catcher , Sappelt scored , Barney to third , Garza to second . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Cubs . Carpenter walked . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Carpenter out at second . Beltran struck out swinging . Descalso caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Soriano homered to center . Navarro lined out to third . Bogusevic grounded out to pitcher . Sappelt struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Craig grounded out to third . Adams singled to left center . Freese doubled to deep right , Adams to third . Jay flied out to center . Cruz intentionally walked . Lynn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Barney singled to left . Garza bunt popped out to first . Valbuena homered to right , Barney scored . Castro doubled to left . Rizzo walked . Soriano grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rizzo out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Carpenter grounded out to second . Descalso grounded out to first . Beltran singled to shallow left . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Navarro grounded out to second . Bogusevic reached on infield single to second . Sappelt singled to shallow left , Bogusevic to second . Butler pitching for Cardinals . Barney struck out swinging , Bogusevic stole third , Sappelt stole second . Garza hit by pitch . Valbuena flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Adams struck out swinging . Freese grounded out to third . Jay singled to center . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Johnson catching . Castro struck out swinging . Rizzo struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Garza pitching for Cubs . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Carpenter singled to right . Descalso singled to center , Carpenter to third . Beltran struck out swinging . Craig singled to left , Carpenter scored , Descalso to second . Guerrier pitching for Cubs . Adams flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Navarro flied out to center . Bogusevic grounded out to shortstop . Sappelt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Parker pitching for Cubs . Borbon in right field . Freese struck out swinging . Jay doubled to center . Robinson hit for Martinez . Robinson walked . Molina hit for Johnson . Molina safe at first on error by right fielder Borbon , Jay to third , Robinson to second . Russell pitching for Cubs . Carpenter hit sacrifice fly to left , Jay scored . Descalso flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Molina catching . Barney grounded out to third . Borbon doubled to left . Valbuena struck out swinging . Castro reached on infield single to second , Borbon to third . Rizzo walked , Castro to second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Cubs . Beltran flied out to center . Craig struck out swinging . Adams walked . Freese walked , Adams to second . Jay singled to right , Adams scored , Freese to third . Kozma hit for Maness . Kozma grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Cubs 6 .	Cubs top Cards as Garza wins 5th straight