Nationals - Top 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Span grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman struck out looking . Harper flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Castro grounded out to second . Rizzo homered to right center ( 405 feet ) . Lake doubled to left center . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Murphy popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Werth struck out swinging . Desmond walked . LaRoche singled to left , Desmond to second . Lombardozzi walked , Desmond to third , LaRoche to second . Suzuki singled to right , Desmond and LaRoche scored , Lombardozzi to third . Ohlendorf sacrificed to third , Lombardozzi scored , Suzuki to second . Span grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Bogusevic popped out to shortstop . Barney grounded out to shortstop . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Zimmerman singled to left . Harper walked , Zimmerman to second . Werth homered to left center ( 416 feet ) , Zimmerman and Harper scored . Desmond struck out looking . LaRoche struck out looking . Lombardozzi singled to center . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lombardozzi out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Arrieta grounded out to third . Castro singled to shallow left . Rizzo walked , Castro to second . Lake lined out to center . Schierholtz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Ohlendorf walked . Span grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Ohlendorf out at second . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Murphy grounded out to third . Bogusevic grounded out to pitcher . Barney walked . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Barney out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Villanueva pitching for Cubs . Watkins at second base . Harper struck out swinging . Werth flied out to right . Desmond grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Ohlendorf pitching for Nationals . Watkins singled to left center . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Watkins out at second . Rizzo homered to right ( 420 feet ) , Castro scored . Lake singled to right . Roark pitching for Nationals . Rendon at shortstop . Schierholtz singled to right , Lake to third . Murphy singled to center , Lake scored , Schierholtz to second . Bogusevic singled to left , Schierholtz to third , Murphy to second . Gillespie hit for Villanueva . Gillespie singled to shallow left , Schierholtz scored , Murphy to third , Bogusevic to second . Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center , Murphy scored . Watkins grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Bowden pitching for Cubs . LaRoche doubled to deep right center . Lombardozzi struck out looking . Suzuki popped out to second . Rendon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Castro struck out swinging . Rizzo struck out swinging . Lake struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Span grounded out to first . Zimmerman lined out to shortstop . Harper doubled to deep center . Werth intentionally walked . Hairston hit for Roark . Hairston homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Harper and Werth scored . LaRoche flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Schierholtz singled to center . Murphy struck out swinging . Bogusevic struck out swinging . McDonald hit for Russell . McDonald grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . Suzuki singled to center . Rendon struck out looking . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Rondon . Span tripled to right , Suzuki scored . Zimmerman singled to right , Span scored . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Castillo struck out swinging . Watkins grounded out to pitcher . Castro lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Werth walked . DeJesus hit for Clippard . DeJesus grounded out to first , Werth to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Lombardozzi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Nationals . DeJesus in right field . Rizzo singled to center . Lake popped out to third . Schierholtz struck out swinging . Murphy singled to right , Rizzo to second . Bogusevic singled to left , Rizzo out at home , Murphy to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Cubs 6 .	Nationals use long ball to pile up on Cubs