Pirates - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Cubs. Frazier grounded out to first. Reynolds flied out to left. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Pederson singled to left. Bryant grounded out to third, Pederson to second. Báez grounded out to shortstop, Pederson to third. Pederson scored, Rizzo safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Evans. Contreras walked. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Cubs. Moran grounded out to shortstop. Evans lined out to center. Stallings lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Heyward popped out to shortstop. Bote singled to center. Davies sacrificed to pitcher, Bote to second. Pederson singled to right, Bote scored, Pederson to second. Bryant struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Cubs. Frazier grounded out to third. Tom hit by pitch. Cahill reached on bunt single to first, Tom to second. Frazier flied out to right. Reynolds grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Báez reached on infield single to third. Rizzo singled to right, Báez to second. Rizzo to second, Báez to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Contreras struck out swinging. Duffy hit sacrifice fly to center, Báez scored. Heyward popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Cubs. González grounded out to first. Moran grounded out to third. Evans flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Bote singled to left. Davies bunted into fielder's choice to first, Bote out at second. Pederson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Davies out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Cubs. Stallings singled to left. Frazier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stallings out at second. Tom grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Pirates. Bryant singled to left. Báez singled to left, Bryant to second. Rizzo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Báez out at second, Bryant to third. Contreras grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Owen hit for Cahill. Davies pitching for Cubs. Owen grounded out to third. Frazier singled to shallow right. Reynolds flied out to left. González grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Duffy lined out to center. Heyward popped out to shortstop. Bote fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Davies pitching for Cubs. Moran reached on infield single to third. Evans singled to center, Moran to second. Stallings walked, Evans to second, Moran to third. Frazier grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Stallings to second, Evans to third, Moran out at home. Tom grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Evans out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Martini hit for Davies. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Martini flied out to center. Pederson singled to right. Bryant struck out looking. Pederson picked off and caught stealing second. Michael Feliz pitches to Javier Baez. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Chafin pitching for Cubs. Newman hit for Feliz. Newman struck out swinging. Frazier walked. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to third, Frazier out at second. González grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Oviedo pitching for Pirates. Báez struck out swinging. Rizzo lined out to center. Contreras lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Chafin pitching for Cubs. Moran singled to center. Tepera pitching for Cubs. Evans struck out swinging. Stallings hit ground rule double to deep right center, Moran to third. Frazier grounded out to shortstop, Moran scored. Stallings to third on wild pitch by Tepera. Tom singled to center, Stallings scored. Difo hit for Oviedo. Brothers pitching for Cubs. Difo singled to center, Tom to third. Frazier hit by pitch, Difo to second. Reynolds flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 2 - Cubs 3.	Davies, Pederson lead Cubs over Pirates 3-2, 4th win in row