Cubs - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Pederson homered to right center (409 feet). Bryant grounded out to shortstop. Contreras struck out swinging. Rizzo flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Edman lined out to second. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Báez grounded out to third. Happ lined out to left. Bote grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Bader grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Hoerner grounded out to shortstop. Hendricks grounded out to shortstop. Pederson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Williams grounded out to second. Sosa reached on infield single to third, Sosa safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Bote. Martínez struck out swinging. Edman doubled to center, Sosa scored. Carlson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Bryant struck out swinging. Contreras grounded out to second. Rizzo hit by pitch. Báez walked, Rizzo to second. Happ hit by pitch, Báez to second, Rizzo to third. Bote grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Arenado flied out to right. Molina fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Hoerner doubled to deep right. Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher, Hoerner to third. Pederson hit sacrifice fly to center, Hoerner scored. Bryant hit by pitch. Contreras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bryant out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Bader flied out to right. Williams singled to center. Sosa grounded into double play, third to second to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo reached on infield single to shortstop. Báez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rizzo out at second. Happ singled to center, Báez to second. Bote grounded into double play, third to first, Báez out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Carpenter hit for Martínez. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Carpenter singled to center. Edman popped out to shortstop. Carlson singled to right, Carpenter to second. Goldschmidt doubled to left, Carpenter scored, Carlson to third. Arenado intentionally walked. Molina fouled out to first. Bader grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Helsley pitching for Cardinals. Hoerner singled to center. Hendricks sacrificed to pitcher, Hoerner to second. Hoerner scored on fielding error by third baseman Arenado. Pederson walked. Bryant doubled to deep right center, Pederson scored. Contreras struck out swinging. Rizzo intentionally walked. Báez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hendricks pitching for Cubs. Williams struck out looking. Sosa singled to center. Moroff hit for Helsley. Moroff struck out swinging. Sosa to second on wild pitch by Hendricks. Edman safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Rizzo, Sosa safe at third on error. Nance pitching for Cubs. Carlson singled to right, Sosa scored, Edman to third. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carlson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 8th. Whitley pitching for Cardinals. Happ singled to left center. Bote walked, Happ to second. Hoerner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bote to second, Happ safe at third on fielding error by third baseman Arenado. Sogard hit for Nance. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Sogard singled to left, Happ scored, Hoerner to second, Bote to third. Pederson fouled out to catcher. Bryant walked, Bote scored, Sogard to second, Hoerner to third. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. Contreras walked, Hoerner scored, Bryant to second, Sogard to third. Rizzo doubled to right, Sogard scored and Bryant scored, Rizzo to third, Contreras thrown out at home. Báez singled to left center, Rizzo scored. Happ doubled to right, Báez to third. Bote singled to left, Báez scored and Happ scored, Bote out stretching at second. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Winkler pitching for Cubs. Sogard at third base. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. Knizner hit for Molina. Knizner struck out swinging. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Knizner catching. Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals. Hoerner flied out to left. Sogard grounded out to first. Martini hit for Pederson. Martini grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Martini in left field. Wieck pitching for Cubs. Williams struck out swinging. Sosa singled to right. Thomas hit for Ponce de Leon. Thomas flied out to center. Edman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 12 - Cardinals 3.	Pederson, Happ, lead Hendricks, Cubs over Cardinals 12-3