Cubs - Top 1st. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Contreras doubled to deep left. Rizzo grounded out to second, Contreras to third. Báez struck out swinging. Bryant struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Mills pitching for Cubs. Carlson lined out to center. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Heyward struck out looking. Wisdom struck out swinging. Ortega singled to center. Sogard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Mills pitching for Cubs. O'Neill grounded out to third. Molina singled to right center. Edman flied out to right. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Mills struck out looking. Contreras grounded out to first. Rizzo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Mills pitching for Cubs. Bader singled to left. Woodford sacrificed to first, Bader to second. Carlson singled to center, Bader scored. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carlson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Báez struck out swinging. Bryant grounded out to shortstop. Heyward grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Mills pitching for Cubs. Carpenter struck out swinging. O'Neill safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wisdom. Molina singled to center, O'Neill to second. Edman walked, Molina to second, O'Neill to third. DeJong reached on infield single to shortstop, O'Neill scored, Edman to second, Molina to third. Bader grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina scored on throwing error by shortstop Báez, DeJong to second, Edman to third. Woodford struck out swinging. Carlson walked, Edman scored, Bader to second, DeJong to third. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to catcher, DeJong scored, Carlson to second, Bader to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Wisdom singled to shallow left. Ortega singled to left, Wisdom to second. Sogard singled to left, Ortega to second, Wisdom to third. Happ hit for Mills. Happ grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wisdom scored, Sogard out at second, Ortega to third. Contreras flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Cubs. O'Neill struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. Edman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo singled to deep center. Báez flied out to right. Bryant lined out to right. Marisnick hit for Heyward. McFarland pitching for Cardinals. Marisnick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Marisnick in center field. Ortega in right field. Thompson pitching for Cubs. DeJong hit by pitch. Bader popped out to shortstop. Rondón hit for McFarland. Rondón struck out swinging. Carlson homered to right (389 feet), DeJong scored. Goldschmidt homered to right center (406 feet). Carpenter flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Wisdom homered to left (382 feet). Ortega struck out swinging. Sogard grounded out to pitcher. Chirinos hit for Thompson. Chirinos walked. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Sosa at third base. Contreras flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Maples pitching for Cubs. Alcántara at shortstop. Chirinos catching. O'Neill singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Neill out at second. Edman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 8th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo doubled to right center. Alcántara grounded out to first, Rizzo to third. Bryant grounded out to third, Rizzo scored. Marisnick grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Winkler pitching for Cubs. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. Bader singled to right. Sosa struck out swinging. Carlson safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Sogard, Bader safe at third on error. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 9th. Gant pitching for Cardinals. Wisdom reached on infield single to third. Ortega grounded out to second, Wisdom to second. Sogard grounded out to second, Wisdom to third. Chirinos flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 3 - Cardinals 8.	Carlson homers, drives in 4 runs as Cardinals beat Cubs 8-3