Cubs - Top 1st. Keller pitching for Pirates. Ortega grounded out to first. Schwindel walked. Happ grounded out to second, Schwindel to second. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Mills pitching for Cubs. Tucker flied out to left. Newman reached on infield single to shortstop. Reynolds doubled to deep right center, Newman to third. Moran homered to center (406 feet), Newman scored and Reynolds scored. Stallings singled to center. Gamel grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stallings out at second. Alford struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 2nd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Martini singled to center. Bote grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martini out at second. Alc치ntara struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Mills pitching for Cubs. Park lined out to first. Keller grounded out to third. Tucker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 3rd. Keller pitching for Pirates. Romine singled to left center. Mills struck out swinging. Ortega doubled to right center, Romine to third. Schwindel singled to right, Romine scored, Ortega to third. Happ walked, Schwindel to second. Duffy singled to right, Ortega scored, Happ to second, Schwindel to third. Martini singled to right, Schwindel scored, Duffy to second, Happ to third. Bote grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martini out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Mills pitching for Cubs. Newman lined out to shortstop. Reynolds singled to center. Moran walked, Reynolds to second. Stallings grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 4th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Alc치ntara lined out to second. Romine flied out to right. Mills grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Mills pitching for Cubs. Gamel struck out swinging. Alford struck out swinging. Park struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 5th. Keller pitching for Pirates. Ortega walked. Schwindel singled to center, Ortega to third. Happ singled to shallow right, Ortega scored, Schwindel to third. Duffy doubled to deep center, Schwindel scored, Happ to third. Banda pitching for Pirates. Martini hit sacrifice fly to left, Happ scored. Bote flied out to left. Alc치ntara grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Difo hit for Banda. Mills pitching for Cubs. Difo flied out to left. Tucker grounded out to first. Newman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 6th. De Los Santos pitching for Pirates. Romine singled to center. Mills sacrificed to catcher, Romine to second. Ortega fouled out to third. Schwindel grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Mills pitching for Cubs. Reynolds singled to left center. Moran walked, Reynolds to second. Stallings singled to shallow left, Moran to second, Reynolds to third. Morgan pitching for Cubs. Gamel hit sacrifice fly to center, Reynolds scored. Alford struck out swinging. Park tripled to deep center, Moran scored and Stallings scored. Chavis hit for De Los Santos. Megill pitching for Cubs. Chavis singled to right, Park scored. Tucker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavis out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 7th. Shreve pitching for Pirates. Happ struck out swinging. Duffy struck out swinging. Martini singled to center. Bote struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Megill pitching for Cubs. Newman grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Ortega, Reynolds safe at second on error. Moran singled to right, Reynolds scored. Stallings flied out to center. Gamel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cubs - Top 8th. Bednar pitching for Pirates. Alc치ntara struck out swinging. Romine struck out swinging. Deichmann hit for Megill. Deichmann walked. Ortega walked, Deichmann to second. Schwindel lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rucker pitching for Cubs. Alford walked. Park grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Alford out at second. Tsutsugo hit for Bednar. Tsutsugo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Top 9th. Stratton pitching for Pirates. Happ grounded out to second. Duffy flied out to right. Martini singled to shallow left. Contreras hit for Bote. Contreras grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cubs 6 - Pirates 8.	Pirates beat Cubs 8-6 as Chicago's skid reaches seven games