Cardinals - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Furcal walked . Carpenter singled to left , Furcal to second . Holliday walked , Furcal to third , Carpenter to second . Beltran struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . Molina lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Presley struck out looking . Tabata grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Descalso struck out swinging . Robinson grounded out to second . Westbrook grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Walker grounded out to first . McGehee grounded out to pitcher . Alvarez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Furcal flied out to left . Carpenter lined out to second . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barmes lined out to right . Barajas singled to right . Burnett walked , Barajas to second . Presley grounded out to pitcher , Barajas to third , Burnett to second . Tabata struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Beltran struck out looking . Freese lined out to right . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen singled to center . Walker singled to right , McCutchen to third . McGehee struck out looking . Alvarez reached on infield single to third , McCutchen scored , Walker to second . Barmes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alvarez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Descalso singled to right . Robinson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Descalso out at second . Westbrook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barajas struck out swinging . Burnett struck out swinging . Presley grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Furcal grounded out to first . Carpenter singled to right . Holliday struck out swinging . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Tabata bunt grounded out to catcher . McCutchen doubled to deep right . Walker walked . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second , McCutchen to third . Alvarez singled to right , McCutchen scored , McGehee to second . Barmes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alvarez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Molina grounded out to third . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Barajas flied out to left . McLouth hit for Burnett . McLouth struck out swinging . Presley reached on infield single to shortstop . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Greene at second base . Presley stole second . Tabata walked . Tabata caught stealing second , catcher to second . McCutchen batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Pirates . Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop . Greene singled to left , Robinson to second . Furcal sacrificed to pitcher , Robinson to third , Greene to second . Watson pitching for Pirates . Carpenter struck out swinging . Grilli pitching for Pirates . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen flied out to left . Walker safe at second on error by center fielder Robinson . McGehee lined out to right . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Beltran struck out swinging . Freese walked . Molina walked , Freese to second . Komatsu hit for Rzepczynski . Komatsu struck out swinging . Jay ran for Molina . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freese out at third , Jay to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Pirates 2 .	Burnett shines in debut ; Pirates down Cards    \n\n