Cubs - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus struck out swinging . Campana grounded out to second . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Furcal popped out to shortstop . Jay grounded out to second . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . LaHair singled to left . Soriano grounded into double play , third to second to first , LaHair out at second . Stewart singled to center . Soto singled to left center , Stewart to third . Barney walked , Soto to second . Dempster grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Soto out at third , Barney to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Craig singled to left . Berkman flied out to center . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Craig out at second . Molina reached on infield single to pitcher , Freese to second . Schumaker reached on infield single to second , Freese to third , Molina to second . Westbrook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus singled to right . DeJesus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Campana grounded out to pitcher . Castro singled to center . LaHair singled to left , Castro to second . Soriano walked , Castro to third , LaHair to second . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . Jay flied out to center . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Soto lined out to left . Barney doubled to right . Dempster grounded out to shortstop , Barney to third . DeJesus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Craig struck out swinging . Berkman doubled to right . Freese grounded out to pitcher . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Campana reached on infield single to shortstop . Campana stole second . Castro singled to left , Campana scored . LaHair homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Castro scored . Soriano flied out to right . Stewart doubled to deep left center . Soto singled to center , Stewart scored , Soto to second advancing on throw . Barney flied out to center . Dempster grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Schumaker grounded out to first . Descalso hit for Westbrook . Descalso flied out to center . Furcal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus struck out looking . Campana bunt grounded out to third . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Jay reached on bunt single to pitcher . Holliday singled to deep left , Jay to third . Craig flied out to right . Berkman singled to center , Jay scored , Holliday to third . Freese walked , Berkman to second . Molina doubled to deep center , Holliday and Berkman scored , Freese thrown out at home , Molina to third advancing on throw . Schumaker singled to center , Molina scored . Carpenter hit for Sanchez . Carpenter struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Marte pitching for Cardinals . LaHair singled to right . LaHair stole second . Soriano grounded out to second , LaHair to third . Stewart intentionally walked . Soto struck out swinging . Barney intentionally walked , Stewart to second . Johnson hit for Dempster . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Camp pitching for Cubs . Furcal grounded out to second . Jay grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus singled to right . Campana sacrificed into fielder 's choice to catcher , DeJesus to second . Castro bunted into double play , first to third to second , DeJesus out at third , Campana to second . LaHair intentionally walked . Soriano singled to left , Campana scored , LaHair to second . Stewart grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Camp pitching for Cubs . Craig doubled to deep left . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . Freese fouled out to first . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Soto hit by pitch . Barney sacrificed to first , Soto to second , Barney safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker . Mather hit for Camp . Mather bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Soto out at third , Barney to second , Barney scored , Mather to third on throwing error by third baseman Freese . DeJesus struck out swinging . Campana struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Dolis pitching for Cubs . Mather in left field . Schumaker struck out looking . Beltran hit for Boggs . Beltran flied out to center . Furcal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Cardinals 4 .	Soriano lifts Cubs in 8th as Cards keep sliding