Cardinals - Top 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Schumaker singled to center . Carpenter singled to center , Schumaker to third . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center , Schumaker scored . Berkman doubled to left , Carpenter to third . Freese hit sacrifice fly to right , Carpenter scored , Berkman to third . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Blanco lined out to right . Crawford doubled to deep right , Crawford to third on error by right fielder Carpenter . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Posey singled to right , Crawford scored . Pagan walked , Posey to second . Belt grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Descalso singled to center . Robinson flied out to right . Descalso stole second . Wainwright struck out swinging . Schumaker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Burriss safe at first on error by first baseman Berkman . Culberson grounded out to shortstop , Burriss to second . Cain grounded out to first , Burriss to third . Blanco walked . Blanco to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Crawford singled to left , Burriss and Blanco scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Carpenter singled to right . Holliday homered to left center ( 395 feet ) , Carpenter scored . Berkman doubled to deep center . Freese flied out to left . Molina hit by pitch . Descalso grounded out to second , Berkman to third , Molina to second . Robinson intentionally walked . Wainwright struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Posey grounded out to pitcher . Pagan walked . Belt walked , Pagan to second . Burriss grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Schumaker struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to left . Holliday grounded out to pitcher , Carpenter to second . Berkman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Culberson grounded out to second . Cain struck out swinging . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Freese struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Crawford popped out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Posey flied out to center , Cabrera thrown out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Wainwright struck out looking . Schumaker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Pagan singled to left . Belt doubled to left , Pagan to third . Burriss hit sacrifice fly to left , Pagan scored . Culberson grounded out to third . Huff hit for Cain . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Huff safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Freese , Belt scored . Blanco walked . Crawford popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Carpenter grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to pitcher . Berkman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to center . Posey singled to left . Pagan walked , Posey to second . Belt doubled to right center , Posey scored , Pagan to third . Burriss walked . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Culberson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pagan scored , Burriss out at second , Belt to third . Schierholtz hit for Affeldt . Schierholtz walked , Culberson to second . Blanco struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Freese struck out swinging . Molina homered to center ( 417 feet ) . Descalso grounded out to second . Furcal hit for Robinson . Furcal grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Schumaker in center field . Descalso at second base . Furcal at shortstop . Sanchez pitching for Cardinals . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to second . Posey walked . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Beltran hit for Sanchez . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Schumaker grounded out to first . Carpenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Giants 7 .	Giants capitalize on poor fielding by Cards