Cardinals - Top 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Furcal singled to center . Furcal stole second . Schumaker walked . Holliday struck out swinging . Furcal caught stealing third , catcher to thirdS Schumaker to second . Beltran walked . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn grounded out to shortstop . Herrera singled to right . Abreu singled to left , Herrera to second . Ethier singled to center , Herrera scored , Abreu to second . Kennedy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Ethier out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Molina singled to center . Adams singled to center , Molina to second . Descalso walked , Molina to third , Adams to second . Lohse struck out swinging . Furcal grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Molina out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Loney singled to center . Loney caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to second . Sellers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Schumaker grounded out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Billingsley struck out swinging . Gwynn struck out swinging . Herrera flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Freese struck out swinging . Molina popped out to second . Adams grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Abreu singled to right center . Ethier singled to left , Abreu to second . Kennedy walked , Abreu to third , Ethier to second . Loney grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu scored , Kennedy out at second , Ethier to third . Ellis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Descalso singled to center . Lohse sacrificed to pitcher , Descalso to second . Furcal safe at first on error by pitcher Billingsley , Descalso to third . Schumaker tripled to deep right , Descalso and Furcal scored . Holliday walked . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Schumaker scored , Holliday out at second . Freese struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Sellers flied out to right . Billingsley flied out to right . Gwynn reached on infield single to second . Herrera singled to right , Gwynn to second . Abreu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Molina safe at first on error by shortstop Sellers . Adams singled to center , Molina thrown out at third . Descalso singled to left , Adams to second . Lohse sacrificed to third , Adams to third , Descalso to second . Furcal singled to left , Adams and Descalso scored . Schumaker flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Lohse pitching for Cardinals . Ethier grounded out to first . Kennedy tripled to deep right . Loney singled to left , Kennedy scored . Ellis flied out to left . Sellers singled to center , Loney to second . De Jesus hit for Billingsley . Marte pitching for Cardinals . De Jesus lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Holliday flied out to right . Beltran grounded out to first . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn flied out to left . Herrera singled to left . Schumaker at second base . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at third base . Robinson in center field . Abreu singled to right , Herrera to second . Ethier struck out swinging . Van Slyke hit for Kennedy . Van Slyke homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Herrera and Abreu scored . Loney struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . Van Slyke in left field . Sellers at third base . Gordon at shortstop . Molina grounded out to second . Adams grounded out to second . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Sellers struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Gwynn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Carpenter hit for Robinson . Carpenter struck out swinging . Furcal fouled out to catcher . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Dodgers 6 .	Pinch - hit home run keys Dodgers