Cardinals - Top 1st . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Jay struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gordon reached on bunt single to pitcher . Betancourt popped out to shortstop . Butler grounded into double play , second to first , Gordon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Beltran grounded out to first . Craig grounded out to third . Freese singled to center . Carpenter grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer grounded out to first . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . Moustakas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Cruz flied out to center . Descalso grounded out to first . Furcal walked . Jay singled to center , Furcal to second . Holliday singled to center , Furcal scored , Jay to second . Beltran flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to second . Dyson flied out to right . Quintero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Craig struck out swinging . Freese walked . Carpenter grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gordon walked . Betancourt flied out to left . Butler lined out to center . Hosmer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Descalso singled to center . Furcal singled to center , Descalso to third . Jay singled to right , Descalso scored , Furcal to second . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Furcal scored , Jay to third . Herrera pitching for Royals . Beltran singled to right , Jay scored , Holliday to second . Craig flied out to left . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Escobar singled to left . Dyson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Bueno pitching for Royals . Carpenter singled to right . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter to second . Descalso grounded into double play , catcher to third to second , Carpenter out at third , Cruz to second . Furcal singled to center , Cruz scored . Jay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Quintero singled to center . Gordon tripled to deep center , Quintero scored . Betancourt grounded out to third , Gordon scored . Butler popped out to second . Hosmer grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Holliday doubled to deep right . Beltran struck out swinging . Craig homered to left , Holliday scored . ( 414 feet ) . Freese singled to left . Mijares pitching for Royals . Carpenter flied out to center . Cruz popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Francoeur grounded out to third . Moustakas singled to right center . Escobar singled to right , Moustakas to second . Dyson grounded out to second , Moustakas to third , Escobar to second . Quintero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Mijares pitching for Royals . Descalso struck out looking . Furcal walked . Jay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Gordon grounded out to second . Betancourt lined out to shortstop . Butler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Crow pitching for Royals . Holliday singled to right . Beltran singled to right , Holliday to second . Craig singled to center , Holliday scored , Beltran to second . Freese struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Craig out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to third . Moustakas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Royals 2 .	Offense paces Wainwright as Cardinals roll