Marlins - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to center . Lee walked . Morrison grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Furcal doubled to deep right . Jay sacrificed to third , Furcal to third . Holliday fouled out to first . Beltran struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Ruggiano singled to center . Dobbs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ruggiano out at second . Infante grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Craig reached on infield single to shortstop , Craig to second on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Freese doubled to left , Craig scored . Descalso lined out to second . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Westbrook walked . Furcal lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Buck singled to center . Nolasco struck out swinging . Reyes flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Jay grounded out to second . Holliday doubled to deep left . Beltran grounded out to first , Holliday to third . Craig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Lee lined out to center . Morrison hit by pitch . Ruggiano singled to center , Morrison to second . Dobbs grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ruggiano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Freese singled to left . Descalso struck out swinging . Cruz struck out swinging . Westbrook doubled to right , Freese to third . Furcal flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Infante grounded out to third . Buck grounded out to pitcher . Nolasco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Jay hit by pitch . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jay out at second . Beltran singled to left . Craig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Reyes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes out at second . Lee safe at second on error by third baseman Freese , Ramirez scored . Morrison hit by pitch . Ruggiano grounded into double play , third to first , Lee out at third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Freese singled to left . Descalso singled to center , Freese to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Descalso out at second , Freese to third . Westbrook grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Dobbs singled to center . Infante sacrificed to pitcher , Dobbs to second . Buck flied out to right , Dobbs to third . Kearns hit for Nolasco . Kearns walked . Reyes reached on infield single to pitcher , Dobbs scored , Kearns to second , Kearns to third , Reyes to second on throwing error by pitcher Westbrook . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Furcal fouled out to right . Jay doubled to deep left center . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Holliday grounded out to first , Jay to third . Beltran grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cleto pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to center . Morrison homered to right ( 371 feet ) . Ruggiano struck out looking . Dobbs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Craig struck out looking . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Descalso flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Infante grounded out to third . Buck grounded out to third . Stanton hit for Cishek . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Cousins in center field . Ruggiano in left field . Bell pitching for Marlins . Schumaker hit for Cruz . Schumaker doubled to left . Carpenter hit for Salas . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher , Schumaker to third . Furcal reached on infield single to first , Schumaker scored . Greene ran for Furcal . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Greene out at second . Holliday hit by pitch , Jay to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Cardinals 2 .	Morrison continues power streak as Marlins win