Dodgers - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn grounded out to second . Ellis grounded out to third . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Furcal popped out to first . Descalso lined out to center . Holliday singled to center . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Ethier singled to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ethier out at second . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Freese singled to center . Carpenter flied out to center . Cruz struck out swinging . Jay singled to center , Freese to second . Westbrook grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Cruz popped out to first . Treanor grounded out to first . Capuano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Furcal flied out to right . Descalso lined out to center . Holliday flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn struck out looking . Ellis struck out looking . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Craig doubled to deep right . Freese singled to right center , Craig to third . Carpenter singled to right center , Craig scored , Freese to second . Cruz singled to right , Freese scored , Carpenter to third . Jay grounded out to first , Cruz to second . Westbrook lined out to right , Carpenter thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Ethier singled to center . Ramirez reached on infield single to pitcher , Ethier to second . Rivera singled to left , Ethier scored , Ramirez to second . Cruz singled to left , Ramirez scored , Rivera to second . Treanor reached on infield single to second , Rivera to third , Cruz to second , Rivera scored , Cruz to third , Treanor to second on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Capuano hit sacrifice fly to center , Cruz scored . Gwynn flied out to right , Treanor to third . Ellis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Furcal popped out to shortstop . Descalso singled to right . Holliday walked , Descalso to second . Craig singled to left , Descalso scored , Holliday to third , Craig to second advancing on throw . Freese singled to right center , Holliday and Craig scored . Carpenter singled to right , Freese to second . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Cruz singled to right , Freese scored , Carpenter to third , Cruz to second on error by right fielder Ethier . Jay intentionally walked . Westbrook struck out looking . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Kemp flied out to right . Ethier grounded out to second . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Rivera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Descalso grounded out to second . Holliday homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Craig popped out to shortstop . Schumaker hit for Freese . Schumaker singled to right . Carpenter singled to right , Schumaker to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Carpenter out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Craig at first base . Schumaker in right field . Carpenter at third base . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Cruz grounded out to second . Treanor lined out to center . Loney hit for Guerra . Loney singled to right . Gwynn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Choate pitching for Dodgers . Jay struck out swinging . Greene hit for Westbrook . Greene singled to right . Furcal singled to right , Greene to second . Descalso lined into double play , to first , Furcal doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Ellis popped out to second . Kemp reached on infield single to third . Kemp stole second . Ethier struck out swinging . Ramirez walked . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . Holliday flied out to left . Craig flied out to center . Schumaker singled to left . Carpenter lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr. hit for Cruz . Hairston Jr. struck out swinging . Ellis hit for Treanor . Ellis struck out swinging . Abreu hit for Lindblom . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Cardinals 7 .	Freese 's 3 hits back Westbrook ; Cards roll