Brewers - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Aoki grounded out to second . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Braun flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Furcal popped out to second . Craig struck out looking . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Beltran fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Hart singled to center . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hart out at second . Maldonado singled to left , Weeks to second . Ransom walked , Weeks to third , Maldonado to second . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Weeks out at home , Maldonado to third , Ransom to second . Wolf singled to right , Maldonado and Ransom scored , Izturis to second . Aoki singled to left , Izturis scored , Wolf to second . Gomez grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Freese grounded out to third . Molina singled to center . Descalso grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Braun singled to right . Hart walked , Braun to second . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hart out at second , Braun to third . Maldonado struck out swinging . Ransom struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Robinson grounded out to shortstop . Kelly struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Izturis doubled to right . Wolf bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Izturis out at third . Wolf out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Aoki reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomez doubled to right , Aoki to third . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Craig singled to center . Holliday flied out to center . Beltran doubled to left , Craig to third . Freese singled to center , Craig and Beltran scored . Molina flied out to right . Freese to second on wild pitch by Wolf . Descalso doubled to left , Freese scored . Robinson walked . Kelly singled to left , Descalso scored , Robinson to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kelly out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Hart popped out to shortstop . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . Maldonado grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Craig doubled to left center . Holliday flied out to left . Beltran popped out to first . Freese fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Cardinals . Ransom singled to right center . Izturis struck out swinging . Wolf sacrificed to pitcher , Ransom to second . Browning pitching for Cardinals . Aoki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Brewers . Molina singled to deep right . Descalso sacrificed to pitcher , Molina to second . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Molina stole third . Molina scored on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Robinson singled to right . Schumaker hit for Browning . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop , Robinson to second . Furcal singled to right , Robinson scored . Craig lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Gomez grounded out to third . Braun hit ground rule double to right . Hart flied out to left . Weeks popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Loe pitching for Brewers . Holliday lined out to center . Beltran struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Maldonado hit by pitch . Ransom struck out swinging . Izturis lined out to second . Morgan hit for Loe . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Axford pitching for Brewers . Molina singled to center . Molina stole second . Molina safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Descalso singled to left , Molina scored . Robinson grounded out to pitcher , Descalso to second . Carpenter hit for Boggs . Carpenter walked . Furcal walked , Descalso to third , Carpenter to second . McClendon pitching for Brewers . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Descalso out at home , Carpenter to third , Furcal to second , Carpenter scored , Furcal to third , Craig to second on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Holliday reached on infield single to third , Furcal scored , Craig to third . Beltran flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Carpenter at first base . Aoki grounded out to shortstop . Gomez lined out to right . Braun doubled to deep center . Hart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Cardinals 9 .	Kelly , Cards end Brewers ' three - game streak