Giants - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Pagan homered to right center ( 426 feet ) . Theriot struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Posey grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Cain pitching for Giants . Descalso popped out to shortstop . Craig lined out to right . Holliday flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Pence grounded out to third . Scutaro grounded out to second . Belt singled to deep right center , Belt out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Cain pitching for Giants . Beltran homered to right ( 405 feet ) . Freese walked . Molina struck out looking . Jay singled to right , Freese to third . Furcal singled to center , Freese scored , Jay to third . Westbrook bunt popped out foul to catcher . Descalso struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Cain struck out swinging . Pagan singled to right . Theriot popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Cain pitching for Giants . Craig flied out to center . Holliday struck out swinging . Beltran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera singled to right center . Posey singled to right , Cabrera to second . Pence flied out to right . Scutaro grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Posey to second . Belt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Cain pitching for Giants . Freese struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Jay singled to center . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Cain struck out swinging . Pagan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Cain pitching for Giants . Westbrook struck out looking . Descalso grounded out to third . Craig grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to right . Posey homered to left center ( 416 feet ) . Pence struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Cain pitching for Giants . Holliday doubled to deep left . Beltran flied out to center , Holliday to third . Freese hit sacrifice fly to center , Holliday scored . Molina singled to right . Jay singled to right , Molina to second . Furcal walked , Molina to third , Jay to second . Carpenter hit for Westbrook . Carpenter singled to left center , Molina and Jay scored , Furcal to third , Carpenter to second advancing on throw . Kontos pitching for Giants . Descalso grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Scutaro struck out looking . Belt singled to center . Crawford flied out to right . Blanco hit for Kontos . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Belt out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Loux pitching for Giants . Craig doubled to left . Craig to third on wild pitch by Loux . Holliday grounded out to third . Beltran intentionally walked . Freese reached on infield single to third , Craig scored , Beltran to second . Molina walked , Beltran to third , Freese to second . Jay singled to center , Beltran and Freese scored , Molina thrown out returning to second , Jay to second advancing on throw . Furcal lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Pagan flied out to left . Theriot flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Schumaker hit for Salas . Loux pitching for Giants . Schumaker singled to left . Descalso grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Schumaker out at second . Craig grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Cardinals . Posey struck out looking . Pence struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 2 - Cardinals 8 .	Beltran , Westbrook lift Cards to 4th win in row\n