Astros - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Altuve grounded out to pitcher . Bogusevic grounded out to first . Wallace doubled to right . Francisco reached on infield single to pitcher , Wallace scored on throwing error by pitcher Westbrook . Castro reached on infield single to third , Francisco to second . Greene struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Jay flied out to left . Craig grounded out to shortstop . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Moore hit by pitch . Martinez doubled to right , Moore to third . Keuchel hit sacrifice fly to left , Moore scored . Altuve singled to center , Martinez scored . Bogusevic grounded out to second , Altuve to second . Wallace safe at first on error by third baseman Freese , Altuve to third . Francisco lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Beltran flied out to center . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Freese singled to right . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Castro grounded out to first . Greene grounded out to third . Moore grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Furcal grounded out to pitcher . Westbrook struck out swinging . Jay lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Martinez doubled to deep left center . Keuchel sacrificed to catcher , Martinez to third . Altuve hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Bogusevic hit by pitch . Wallace grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Craig flied out to center . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Beltran walked . Molina hit ground rule double to deep right , Beltran to third . Freese homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Beltran and Molina scored . Descalso grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Francisco doubled to center . Castro grounded out to first , Francisco to third . Greene walked . Moore hit sacrifice fly to right , Francisco scored . Martinez walked , Greene to second . Keuchel grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Furcal singled to center . Jackson hit for Westbrook . Jackson singled to right , Furcal to second . Jay sacrificed to first , Furcal to third , Jackson to second , Jay safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Wallace . Furcal to third on throwing error by first baseman Wallace . Ambriz pitching for Astros . Craig reached on infield single to second , Furcal scored , Jackson to third , Jay to second . Holliday doubled to deep left , Jackson , Jay and Craig scored . Beltran struck out swinging . Molina singled to right , Holliday scored , Molina thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Freese walked . Descalso struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Browning pitching for Cardinals . Altuve struck out looking . Bogusevic walked . Wallace singled to right , Bogusevic to second . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Schumaker at second base . Francisco struck out swinging . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Storey pitching for Astros . Furcal struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to first . Jay doubled to right . Craig doubled to right , Jay scored . Holliday flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Greene struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . Martinez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Storey pitching for Astros . Beltran flied out to left . Molina walked . Freese grounded into double play , third to second to first , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Pearce hit for Storey . Pearce fouled out to catcher . Altuve singled to left . Bogusevic grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Altuve out at second . Wallace struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Robinson hit for Salas . Robinson doubled to deep left . Furcal singled to right , Robinson scored . Schumaker struck out looking . Jay singled to right center , Furcal to second . Cruz pitching for Astros . Craig singled to right , Furcal scored , Jay to third . Holliday singled to right center , Jay scored , Craig to second . Beltran flied out to left . Cruz hit for Molina . Cruz singled to left , Craig to third , Holliday to second . Freese reached on infield single to shortstop , Craig scored , Holliday to third , Cruz to second . Robinson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Carpenter in right field . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Robinson in left field . Francisco singled to center . Castro singled to left , Francisco to second . Greene struck out swinging . Moore grounded out to second , Francisco to third , Castro to second . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Cardinals 13 .	Freese , Cards shrug off 4 - run deficit , sweep