Cardinals - Top 1st . Bailey pitching for Reds . Jay grounded out to second . Carpenter flied out to left . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cozart grounded out to third . Heisey grounded out to second . Phillips singled to right , Phillips out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Craig grounded out to shortstop . Beltran struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick struck out swinging . Bruce singled to right . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bruce out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Bailey pitching for Reds . Schumaker doubled to right center . Furcal flied out to center . Wainwright singled to left , Schumaker to third . Jay singled to center , Schumaker scored , Wainwright to second . Carpenter singled to right , Wainwright to third , Jay to second . Holliday singled to left , Wainwright and Jay scored , Carpenter to second . Craig struck out swinging . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Rolen popped out to second . Hanigan grounded out to second . Bailey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Molina flied out to right . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Heisey popped out to second . Phillips flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Wainwright fouled out to first . Jay lined out to left . Carpenter singled to right . Carpenter caught stealing second , catcher to second . Holliday batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ludwick flied out to left . Bruce struck out swinging . Frazier hit by pitch . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Bailey pitching for Reds . Holliday tripled to deep center . Craig homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Holliday scored . Beltran flied out to left . Molina grounded out to first . Schumaker singled to left . Furcal popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan singled to right . Valdez hit for Bailey . Valdez singled to right , Hanigan to second . Cozart grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valdez out at second , Hanigan to third . Heisey singled to left , Hanigan scored , Cozart to second . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Heisey out at second , Cozart to third . Ludwick singled to center , Cozart scored , Phillips to third . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Bruce lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Reds . Robinson hit for Rzepczynski . Robinson reached on infield single to second . Jay grounded out to third , Robinson to second . Carpenter struck out swinging . Holliday doubled to deep left center , Robinson scored . Craig singled to right center , Holliday scored . Beltran singled to left , Craig to second . LeCure pitching for Reds . Paul in left field . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Frazier flied out to right . Rolen doubled to deep right center . Hanigan grounded out to shortstop . Paul grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . LeCure pitching for Reds . Schumaker struck out swinging . Furcal singled to center . Descalso hit for Mujica . Descalso flied out to right . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at second base . Cozart popped out to second . Heisey grounded out to shortstop . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Arredondo pitching for Reds . Carpenter doubled to deep right . Holliday singled to center , Carpenter scored . Craig reached on infield single to shortstop , Holliday to second . Beltran flied out to left . Molina flied out to center . Cruz hit for Boggs . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Cairo hit for Arredondo . Cairo flied out to center . Bruce grounded out to second . Frazier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Reds 2 .	Holliday ( 4 RBIs ) helps Cardinals rip Reds