Cardinals - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Jay grounded out to pitcher . Beltran grounded out to second . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Werth walked . Harper singled to right , Werth to second . Zimmerman grounded out to third , Werth to third , Harper to second . LaRoche singled to left , Werth and Harper scored . Morse struck out looking . Desmond singled to left , LaRoche to second . Espinosa fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Craig struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . Freese grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Werth doubled to deep right . Harper flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . Kozma struck out swinging . Wainwright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman doubled to deep right . LaRoche walked . Morse flied out to right , Zimmerman to third . Desmond singled to left , Zimmerman scored , LaRoche to second . LaRoche to third , Desmond to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Espinosa singled to center , LaRoche scored , Desmond to third . Suzuki singled to left , Desmond scored , Espinosa to second . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Espinosa to third , Suzuki to second . Werth singled to right , Espinosa scored , Suzuki to third . Harper walked , Werth to second . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Jay walked . Beltran walked , Jay to second . Holliday grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Beltran out at second , Jay to third . Craig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche flied out to center . Morse grounded out to first . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Molina doubled to deep left . Freese struck out swinging . Schumaker grounded out to second , Molina to third . Kozma grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Espinosa struck out looking . Suzuki walked . Gonzalez struck out bunting foul . Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal . Werth walked . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at shortstop . Suzuki to third , Werth to second on wild pitch by Rzepczynski . Harper singled to right center , Suzuki and Werth scored . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harper out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Descalso singled to center . Jay singled to left center , Descalso to third . Beltran flied out to right . Holliday grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche grounded out to first . Morse lined out to right . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Craig singled to right . Molina struck out swinging . Freese grounded into double play , second to first , Craig out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Cruz catching . Espinosa struck out swinging . Suzuki lined out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Schumaker lined out to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Descalso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Werth reached on infield single to third . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman homered to right ( 390 feet ) , Werth scored . Salas pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche fouled out to first . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Lombardozzi at third base . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Jay reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday walked , Jay to second . Craig flied out to left . Robinson hit for Salas . Robinson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Nationals 10 .	Nats ' Gonzalez shuts out Cards for 17th win    \n\n