Cardinals - Top 1st . Stults pitching for Padres . Jay grounded out to second . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . Holliday grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Denorfia grounded out to second . Forsythe tripled to deep right . Headley walked . Headley to second on wild pitch by Garcia . Quentin walked . Grandal struck out swinging . Alonso struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Stults pitching for Padres . Craig flied out to center . Molina walked . Freese singled to left , Molina to second , Molina to third , Freese to second on error by left fielder Quentin . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at home , Freese to third . Kozma tripled to deep left , Freese and Descalso scored . Garcia struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Maybin reached on infield single to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left , Maybin to second . Stults bunted into double play , catcher to third to second , Maybin out at third , Cabrera to second . Denorfia singled to center , Cabrera scored . Forsythe doubled to deep center , Denorfia scored . Headley grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Stults pitching for Padres . Jay struck out looking . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday singled to right . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Quentin grounded out to first . Grandal walked . Alonso struck out swinging . Maybin homered to left center ( 413 feet ) , Grandal scored . Cabrera doubled to left . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Garcia . Stults struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Guzman in left field . Stults pitching for Padres . Molina popped out to second . Freese struck out swinging . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Denorfia doubled to right . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to first , Denorfia to third . Guzman singled to left , Denorfia scored . Grandal walked , Guzman to second . Alonso singled to center , Guzman scored , Grandal to third . Maybin flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Stults pitching for Padres . Kozma grounded out to first . Miller grounded out to second . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Stults struck out swinging . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Stults pitching for Padres . Beltran struck out swinging . Holliday doubled to deep right . Craig singled to right , Holliday scored . Vincent pitching for Padres . Molina struck out swinging . Freese hit by pitch , Craig to second . Descalso grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Forsythe singled to right . Headley flied out to left . Guzman fouled out to second . Grandal walked , Forsythe to second . Alonso struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Kozma singled to center . Schumaker hit for Miller . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Hill hit for Schumaker . Hill singled to right , Kozma to second . Jay struck out looking . Denorfia in left field . Thayer pitching for Padres . Venable in right field . Beltran singled to left , Kozma to third , Hill to second . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Maybin doubled to right center . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Maybin to third . Venable grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Maybin scored . Denorfia reached on infield single to third , Venable to third , Venable scored , Denorfia to second on throwing error by third baseman Freese . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley walked . Kotsay hit for Thayer . Kotsay walked , Denorfia to third , Headley to second . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Grandal struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Burns pitching for Padres . Craig struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to catcher . Freese hit by pitch . Descalso flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Marte pitching for Cardinals . Alonso singled to left center . Maybin walked , Alonso to second . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Alonso to third , Maybin to second . Venable singled to center , Alonso and Maybin scored , Cabrera to third . Denorfia singled to center , Cabrera scored , Venable to second . Forsythe struck out swinging . Headley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Denorfia out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Burns pitching for Padres . Kozma doubled to center . Chambers hit for Freeman . Chambers struck out swinging . Jay struck out swinging . Anderson hit for Beltran . Anderson grounded out to second . Anderson hit for Beltran . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Padres 11 .	Maybin , Padres hand Cardinals another loss