Cardinals - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Padres . Jay flied out to center . Beltran lined out to right . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera walked . Cabrera caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Venable struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Craig reached on infield single to second . Molina singled to left center , Craig to third . Freese walked , Molina to second . Schumaker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Craig scored , Molina out at third , Freese to second . Kozma grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Schumaker out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Grandal struck out looking . Alonso walked . Forsythe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alonso out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Padres . Wainwright flied out to right . Jay safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera . Beltran flied out to left . Holliday walked . Jay stole third . Craig walked , Holliday to second . Molina safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera , Jay scored , Holliday to third , Craig to second . Freese grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Maybin struck out swinging . Amarista grounded out to second . Volquez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Schumaker walked . Kozma struck out looking . Wainwright struck out looking . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera bunt grounded out to catcher . Venable safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Kozma . Headley reached on infield single to second , Venable to second . Grandal singled to shallow left , Venable to third , Headley to second . Alonso walked , Venable scored , Headley to third , Grandal to second . Forsythe doubled to center , Headley and Grandal scored , Alonso to third . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alonso out at home , Forsythe to third . Amarista tripled to deep right , Forsythe and Maybin scored . Volquez struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Beltran grounded out to first . Holliday singled to center . Craig walked , Holliday to second . Molina struck out swinging . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to third . Venable grounded out to first . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Padres . Schumaker walked . Kozma singled to center , Schumaker to third . Wainwright struck out bunting foul . Thatcher pitching for Padres . Jay singled to right , Schumaker scored , Kozma to third . Brach pitching for Padres . Beltran fouled out to catcher . Holliday flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Grandal singled to left . Alonso walked , Grandal to second . Forsythe flied out to right . Maybin flied out to right , Grandal to third . Amarista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Brach pitching for Padres . Craig flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Freese homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Schumaker walked . Kozma lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Guzman hit for Brach . Guzman struck out looking . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera stole second . Venable struck out swinging . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Layne pitching for Padres . Robinson hit for Rosenthal . Robinson safe at first on error by pitcher Layne . Jay struck out looking . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Beltran walked , Robinson to second . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Denorfia in right field . Beltran walked , Robinson to second . Holliday grounded out to catcher , Robinson to third , Beltran to second . Craig grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 8th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Grandal struck out swinging . Alonso doubled to deep left center . Forsythe grounded out to third , Alonso to third . Maybin singled to left , Alonso scored . Amarista grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Molina flied out to right . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker singled to center . Carpenter hit for Kozma . Schumaker to second on fielder 's indifference . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Padres 6 .	Fourth - inning rally lifts Padres over Cardinals