Nationals - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Werth struck out swinging . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Jay struck out looking . Beltran grounded out to second . Holliday walked . Craig flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . LaRoche walked . Morse struck out swinging . Desmond singled to center , LaRoche to third . Espinosa struck out looking . Suzuki singled to shallow left , LaRoche scored , Desmond to second . Gonzalez walked , Desmond to third , Suzuki to second . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Molina walked . Freese flied out to center . Descalso walked , Molina to second . Kozma walked , Molina to third , Descalso to second . Molina scored , Descalso to third , Kozma to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Wainwright walked . Jay hit sacrifice fly to left , Descalso scored . Beltran flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to center . LaRoche flied out to center . Morse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Holliday grounded out to third . Craig struck out swinging . Molina popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Desmond singled to center . Espinosa struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Desmond out at second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Freese singled to left . Descalso struck out looking . Kozma grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Werth singled to left . Harper struck out swinging , Werth to second on wild pitch by Wainwright . Zimmerman struck out swinging . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Wainwright struck out swinging . Jay walked . Beltran walked , Jay to second . Holliday struck out swinging , Jay stole third , Beltran stole second . Craig popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Morse singled to shallow right . Desmond popped out to second . Espinosa struck out swinging . Suzuki walked , Morse to second . Bernadina hit for Gonzalez . Lynn pitching for Cardinals . Bernadina walked , Morse to third , Suzuki to second . Werth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Molina flied out to center . Freese singled to left . Descalso flied out to right . Kozma hit by pitch , Freese to second . Schumaker hit for Lynn . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Mujica pitching for Cardinals . Harper grounded out to second . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Jay safe at first on error by first baseman LaRoche . Beltran singled to center , Jay to second . Holliday hit by pitch , Jay to third , Beltran to second . Mattheus pitching for Nationals . Craig grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jay out at home , Beltran to third , Holliday to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Craig out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Morse safe at first on error by shortstop Kozma . Desmond singled to right center , Morse to third . Espinosa sacrificed to pitcher , Desmond to second . Suzuki struck out swinging . Tracy hit for Mattheus . Rzepczynski pitching for Cardinals . Moore hit for Tracy . Moore singled to right , Morse and Desmond scored , Moore to second advancing on throw . Werth struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Freese safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . Chambers ran for Freese . Descalso sacrificed to pitcher , Chambers to second . Kozma popped out to first . Carpenter hit for Rzepczynski . Carpenter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Carpenter at third base . Harper flied out to left . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Jay flied out to left . Beltran flied out to center . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 3 - Cardinals 2 .	Nats jump on Cards in 8th , lead 1 - 0