Royals - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Getz grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Tolbert. Gordon grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. Butler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Span singled to left. Tolbert doubled to center, Span to third, Span scored on throwing error by center fielder Cabrera. Kubel singled to right center, Tolbert to third. Morneau popped out to third. Young flied out to right. Thome walked, Kubel to second. Cuddyer struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Francoeur flied out to center. Betemit struck out swinging. Aviles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Valencia flied out to center. Butera struck out swinging. Span flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Treanor flied out to right. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Getz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Tolbert popped out to second. Kubel flied out to left. Morneau struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Cabrera singled to left. Gordon singled to center, Cabrera to third. Butler singled to left, Cabrera scored, Gordon to second. Francoeur singled to center, Gordon scored, Butler to second. Betemit singled to left, Butler to third, Francoeur to second. Aviles doubled to left, Butler and Francoeur scored, Betemit to third. Treanor grounded out to third. Escobar singled to right, Betemit scored, Aviles to third. Escobar caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Getz reached on infield single to second, Aviles scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Young doubled to right. Thome grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer flied out to right. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to third. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Butera popped out to second. Span singled to center. Tolbert singled to left, Span to second. Kubel singled to center, Span scored, Tolbert to third. Morneau doubled to deep right, Tolbert scored, Kubel to third. Young singled to right, Kubel and Morneau scored. Thome struck out looking. Cuddyer singled to left, Young to second. Valencia flied out to right. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Betemit walked. Perkins pitching for Twins. Aviles doubled to deep right center, Betemit scored. Treanor popped out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to second, Aviles to third. Getz flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Texeira pitching for Royals. Butera flied out to center. Span singled to left. Tolbert grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span out at second. Collins pitching for Royals. Kubel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Cabrera flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to first. Butler popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Morneau struck out swinging. Young popped out to shortstop. Thome struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Francoeur singled to right. Betemit flied out to center. Aviles lined into double play, to first, Francoeur doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Jeffress pitching for Royals. Cuddyer grounded out to second. Valencia grounded out to second. Butera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Treanor struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left. Hughes pitching for Twins. Getz singled to center, Escobar to second. Cabrera singled to right, Escobar to third, Getz to second. Gordon doubled to right center, Escobar and Getz scored, Cabrera to third. Butler intentionally walked. Manship pitching for Twins. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, Cabrera scored, Gordon to third, Butler to second on throwing error by left fielder Young. Betemit grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Jeffress pitching for Royals. Span singled to center. Tolbert fouled out to left. Kubel fouled out to third. Span to second on fielder's indifference. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Twins 5.	Aviles helps Royals rough up Liriano, Twins