Twins - Top 1st. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Span walked. Plouffe struck out swinging. Kubel grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Span out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Roberts walked. Johnson flied out to left. Upton hit by pitch, Roberts to second. Drew flied out to right. Young grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau flied out to center. Cuddyer flied out to center. Valencia homered to left (384 feet). Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Montero struck out swinging. Miranda struck out swinging. Parra singled to right. Owings struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Butera flied out to left. Baker doubled to deep left. Span singled to left, Baker to third. Plouffe struck out looking. Kubel fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Roberts struck out looking. Johnson struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau fouled out to catcher. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Valencia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Drew struck out swinging. Young flied out to left. Montero walked. Miranda doubled to deep center, Montero scored. Parra intentionally walked. Owings struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Young singled to right. Young to second on wild pitch by Owings. Butera popped out to third. Baker flied out to center. Span safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Johnson, Young scored. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Span out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Roberts flied out to center. Johnson flied out to left. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Kubel homered to right (400 feet). Morneau singled to center. Cuddyer flied out to center. Morneau to second on wild pitch by Owings. Valencia singled to center, Morneau scored. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Young fouled out to catcher. Butera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Drew doubled to deep right. Young doubled to deep left, Drew scored. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Montero grounded out to first, Young to third. Miranda walked. Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher, Young scored, Miranda to second. Bloomquist hit for Demel. Burnett pitching for Twins. Bloomquist grounded out to third, Miranda to third, Parra to second. Roberts flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Revere hit for Burnett. Revere walked. Span lined into double play, second to first, Revere doubled off first. Plouffe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Johnson flied out to center. Upton fouled out to first. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kubel singled to right. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kubel out at second. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer safe at first on error by shortstop Drew, Morneau to second. Valencia singled to right, Morneau scored, Cuddyer to third, Valencia to second on throwing error by Upton. Cuddyer scored on throwing error by Heilman. Young popped out to third. Butera grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Young singled to left. Perkins pitching for Twins. Montero singled to right, Young to second. Capps pitching for Twins. Miranda doubled to deep left, Young and Montero scored. Parra reached on bunt single to third. Jo Wilson hit for Heilman. Jo Wilson bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Miranda out at third, Parra to second. Roberts singled to left center, Parra to third, Jo Wilson to second. Johnson homered to right (412 feet), Parra, Jo Wilson and Roberts scored. Upton flied out to center. Drew struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Casilla hit for Capps. Casilla struck out swinging. Span safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Roberts. Plouffe flied out to right. Span to second on fielder's indifference. Kubel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - Diamondbacks 9.	Johnson's slam helps D-backs rally by Twins \n