Twins - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Span struck out swinging. Casilla reached on infield single to second. Morneau flied out to left. Casilla stole second. Cuddyer walked. Valencia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Gordon lined out to right. Cabrera singled to right. Hosmer struck out swinging. Francoeur grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Young struck out swinging. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere to second on balk by Duffy. Hughes grounded out to pitcher. Butera walked. Span doubled to deep center, Revere and Butera scored. Casilla flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Butler singled to right. Betemit grounded into fielder's choice to second, Butler out at second. Pena flied out to center. Getz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Morneau fouled out to first. Cuddyer homered to center (448 feet). Valencia singled to center. Young singled to right, Valencia to second. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second, Valencia to third. Valencia caught stealing home, pitcher to first to shortstop to catcher. Hughes batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Escobar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Gordon walked. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gordon out at second. Hosmer hit ground rule double to deep left center, Cabrera to third. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Hughes flied out to right. Butera flied out to right. Span tripled to deep left, Span out stretching at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Butler singled to deep left, Butler to second on error by left fielder Young. Betemit singled to left center, Butler to third. Pena reached on infield single to third, Butler scored, Betemit to second. Getz sacrificed to first, Betemit to third, Pena to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betemit out at home. Gordon singled to right, Pena scored, Escobar to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. Morneau struck out looking. Cuddyer walked. Valencia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Hosmer singled to left. Francoeur grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Collins pitching for Royals. Young struck out looking. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Hughes reached on infield single to shortstop. Butera doubled to left, Hughes scored. Span flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Betemit struck out swinging. Pena flied out to center. Getz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Casilla walked. Morneau flied out to left. Wood pitching for Royals. Cuddyer struck out looking, Casilla stole second. Valencia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Young singled to left. Revere singled to left, Young to second. Young to third, Revere to second on wild pitch by Wood. Hughes struck out swinging. Butera hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored, Revere tagged out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Hosmer lined out to first. Francoeur popped out to second. Butler singled to center. Betemit popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Teaford pitching for Royals. Span grounded out to shortstop. Casilla walked. Casilla caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Pena flied out to center. Getz grounded out to first. Escobar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 5 - Royals 2.	Pavano earns 100th career win as Twins tip KC