Twins - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Revere grounded out to second. Casilla doubled to deep right center. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop, Casilla to third. Valencia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Gordon singled to center. Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher, Gordon to second. Hosmer grounded out to first, Gordon to third. Francoeur grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Dinkelman hit by pitch. Repko popped out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Aviles popped out to shortstop. Getz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Tolbert doubled to deep right. Revere grounded out to second, Tolbert to third. Casilla singled to right, Tolbert scored. Cuddyer grounded into double play, third to second to first, Casilla out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Treanor struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Gordon singled to center, Escobar to second. Cabrera singled to right, Escobar to third, Gordon to second. Hosmer singled to center, Escobar scored, Gordon to third, Cabrera to second. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to right, Gordon scored. Butler struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Valencia struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Dinkelman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Aviles grounded out to third. Getz grounded out to second. Treanor walked. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Repko popped out to shortstop. Rivera flied out to left. Tolbert popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Gordon flied out to left. Cabrera lined out to first. Hosmer singled to right center. Francoeur singled to left, Hosmer to third. Butler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Revere singled to center. Casilla reached on bunt single to first, Revere to second. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop, Revere to third, Casilla to second. Valencia grounded out to first, Revere scored, Casilla to third. Young reached on infield single to third, Casilla scored. Dinkelman singled to left, Young to third. Repko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dinkelman out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Slama pitching for Twins. Aviles walked. Aviles stole second. Getz lined out to second. Treanor flied out to right. Aviles to third on wild pitch by Slama. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Rivera reached on bunt single to third. Tolbert doubled to left, Rivera to third. Revere singled to center, Rivera scored, Tolbert to third. Casilla singled to center, Tolbert scored, Revere to third. Coleman pitching for Royals. Cuddyer singled to left, Revere scored, Casilla to second. Valencia flied out to right, Casilla to third, Cuddyer to second. Young flied out to right. Dinkelman intentionally walked. Repko struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Gordon grounded out to second. Cabrera walked. Hosmer struck out looking. Hoey pitching for Twins. Cabrera stole second. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Tolbert safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tolbert out at second. Casilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hoey pitching for Twins. Butler grounded out to first. Aviles walked. Getz popped out to shortstop. Treanor walked, Aviles to second. Burnett pitching for Twins. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Crow pitching for Royals. Cuddyer homered to left center (417 feet). Valencia struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Dinkelman struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Mijares pitching for Twins. Gordon struck out looking. Cabrera singled to left. Hosmer flied out to left. Cabrera to second on fielder's indifference. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 7 - Royals 2.	Casilla's 4 hits, 2 RBIs power Twins past Royals