Rangers - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Andrus lined out to right. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Hamilton homered to right center (422 feet). Young struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Revere walked. Casilla struck out looking. Cuddyer struck out looking. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Beltre flied out to right. Cruz singled to right. Moreland struck out swinging. Cruz caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Young homered to left (395 feet). Valencia struck out swinging. Hughes struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Torrealba doubled to left. Chavez sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third. Andrus struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Tolbert lined out to third. Revere struck out swinging. Casilla reached on infield single to catcher. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded out to second. Young grounded out to pitcher. Beltre singled to center. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Morneau struck out swinging. Young reached on infield single to catcher. Valencia struck out looking. Hughes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Moreland grounded out to second. Torrealba singled to center. Chavez struck out swinging. Andrus singled to center, Torrealba to second. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Rivera doubled to deep right center. Tolbert grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop. Revere bunted into fielder's choice to third, Rivera out at third, Tolbert to second. Casilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Revere out at second, Tolbert to third. Cuddyer homered to center (416 feet), Tolbert and Casilla scored. Morneau grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Hamilton reached on infield single to pitcher, Hamilton to second on throwing error by pitcher Blackburn. Young struck out looking. Beltre singled to center, Hamilton scored. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to left, Beltre safe at third on error by third baseman Valencia. Moreland hit sacrifice fly to center, Beltre scored, Cruz to second. Torrealba struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Young reached on infield single to third, Young out stretching at second. Valencia reached on infield single to second. Hughes flied out to center. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Chavez singled to right. Andrus sacrificed to catcher, Chavez to second. Murphy flied out to center, Chavez to third. Hamilton intentionally walked. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Tolbert lined out to center. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Casilla bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Beltre grounded out to second. Cruz homered to left center (453 feet). Mijares pitching for Twins. Moreland singled to center. Torrealba singled to center, Moreland to second. Gentry hit for Chavez. Burnett pitching for Twins. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at second, Moreland to third. Andrus hit by pitch, Gentry to second. James pitching for Twins. Napoli hit for Murphy. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Gentry in center field. Holland pitching for Rangers. Cuddyer singled to right. Morneau flied out to right. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Young popped out to shortstop. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. James pitching for Twins. Hamilton struck out swinging. Hoey pitching for Twins. Young struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Hughes hit ground rule double to left. Dinkelman hit for Rivera. Dinkelman struck out swinging. Tolbert walked. Rhodes pitching for Rangers. Revere flied out to left. Casilla singled to left, Hughes scored, Tolbert to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Twins 5.	Casilla, Twins nip Rangers