Twins - Top 1st. Humber pitching for White Sox. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second. Casilla flied out to right, Revere to third. Mauer singled to center, Revere scored. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mauer out at second. Thome grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop. Vizquel lined into double play, to first, Pierre doubled off first. Konerko walked. Dunn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Valencia doubled to deep left. Tosoni grounded out to first, Valencia to third. Nishioka singled to center, Valencia scored. Nishioka stole second. Butera grounded out to third. Revere singled to center, Nishioka scored. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Casilla batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Rios popped out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Humber pitching for White Sox. Casilla reached on bunt single to pitcher. Mauer struck out swinging, Casilla stole second. Cuddyer fouled out to first. Thome walked. Valencia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Teahen struck out looking. Beckham singled to left. Pierre singled to center, Beckham to second. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pierre out at second, Beckham to third. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Humber pitching for White Sox. Tosoni fouled out to catcher. Nishioka singled to left. Butera singled to left, Nishioka to second. Revere singled to center, Nishioka scored, Butera to second. Casilla struck out looking. Mauer singled to right, Butera scored, Revere to second, Revere scored, Mauer to second on error by first baseman Konerko. Cuddyer reached on infield single to pitcher, Mauer to third. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Thome grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Dunn struck out swinging. Rios grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Tosoni grounded out to shortstop. Nishioka grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ramirez walked. Teahen homered to left (355 feet), Ramirez scored. Beckham singled to left. Pierre grounded out to first, Beckham to second. Vizquel grounded out to first, Beckham to third. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Butera lined out to third. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Casilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Dunn struck out looking. Rios grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Cuddyer singled to center. Thome flied out to center. Cuddyer to second on wild pitch by Santiago. Valencia intentionally walked. Repko hit for Tosoni. Repko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Repko in left field. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Teahen popped out to shortstop. Beckham lined out to center. Pierre struck out looking, Ramirez stole second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Nishioka lined out to center. Butera grounded out to pitcher. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Vizquel struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to center. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Bruney pitching for White Sox. Casilla grounded out to pitcher. Mauer singled to left center. Cuddyer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Twins. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Ramirez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 6 - White Sox 2.	Mauer debuts at 1B in Twins win