Indians - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Carrera singled to left. Carrera caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Revere singled to left. Casilla doubled to deep right, Revere scored. Mauer singled to right, Casilla scored. Cuddyer struck out looking. Thome grounded into double play, first to third to pitcher, Mauer out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Santana grounded out to first. LaPorta struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to second. Nishioka singled to center. Butera fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Kearns grounded out to third. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Revere flied out to center. Casilla singled to right. Mauer lined into double play, second to first, Casilla doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Carrera reached on infield single to third. Cabrera singled to center, Carrera to second. Hafner walked, Carrera to third, Cabrera to second. Santana struck out looking. LaPorta hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Carrera scored, Cabrera scored, Hafner to third, LaPorta to second on error by center fielder Revere. Cabrera grounded out to second, Hafner scored, LaPorta to third. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Cuddyer singled to center. Thome doubled to deep center, Cuddyer scored. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Young singled to center, Thome scored. Nishioka popped out to third. Butera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Kearns walked. Kearns caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Valbuena grounded out to second. Carrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Casilla grounded out to pitcher. Mauer lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Cabrera struck out looking. Hafner doubled to deep right. Santana grounded out to second, Hafner to third. Hafner scored on Butera's passed ball. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Tomlin pitching for Indians. Cuddyer lined out to right. Thome flied out to left. Valencia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Cabrera singled to center. Chisenhall singled to shallow left, Cabrera to second. Kearns sacrificed to pitcher, Cabrera to third, Chisenhall to second. Mijares pitching for Twins. Valbuena fouled out to first. Carrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Young flied out to center. Nishioka struck out swinging. Butera singled to left. Revere struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Mijares pitching for Twins. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Hafner flied out to right. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Santana grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Capps pitching for Twins. Santana grounded out to first, Cabrera to third. LaPorta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Casilla hit ground rule double to deep left center. Mauer singled to left, Casilla to third. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Thome walked, Mauer to second. Hughes ran for Thome. Pestano pitching for Indians. Valencia singled to right, Casilla scored, Mauer to third, Hughes to second. Young struck out swinging. Nishioka singled to left, Mauer and Hughes scored, Valencia to second, Valencia to third advancing on throw. Butera popped out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Repko in left field. Nathan pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall homered to right center (413 feet). Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Valbuena flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 5 - Twins 7.	Valencia, Twins salvage split against Indians