Twins - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Revere grounded out to second. Plouffe homered to center (400 feet). Kubel walked. Cuddyer struck out looking. Valencia flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Aybar grounded out to first. Kendrick tripled to deep right. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left, Kendrick scored. Hunter lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Tosoni grounded out to shortstop. Hughes struck out swinging. Nishioka reached on infield single to shortstop. Butera popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Trumbo grounded out to third. Callaspo grounded out to first. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Plouffe walked. Kubel flied out to left. Cuddyer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Bourjos lined out to first. Conger grounded out to second. Aybar tripled to deep right center. Kendrick singled to right center, Aybar scored. Abreu singled to right, Kendrick to third. Hunter flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Angels. Valencia singled to left center. Tosoni doubled to right, Valencia to third, Valencia scored on error by right fielder Hunter. Hughes doubled to deep left, Tosoni scored. Nishioka grounded out to second, Hughes to third. Butera struck out swinging. Revere walked. Plouffe walked, Revere to second. Kubel walked, Hughes scored, Revere to third, Plouffe to second. Williams pitching for Angels. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop, Revere scored, Plouffe to third, Kubel to second. Valencia walked, Plouffe scored, Kubel to third, Cuddyer to second. Tosoni lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to pitcher. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Angels. Hughes flied out to right. Nishioka grounded out to pitcher. Butera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Bourjos struck out swinging. Conger struck out looking. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Revere struck out swinging. Plouffe doubled to deep center. Kubel singled to right, Plouffe scored, Kubel to second advancing on throw. Thompson pitching for Angels. Cuddyer flied out to left. Valencia flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Kendrick safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Nishioka. Abreu grounded out to second, Kendrick to second. Hunter singled to center, Kendrick scored. Trumbo struck out swinging. Callaspo fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Angels. Tosoni singled to center. Hughes singled to center, Tosoni to second. Nishioka struck out swinging. Butera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hughes out at second, Tosoni to third. Revere singled to left, Tosoni scored, Butera to second. Plouffe flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Wells singled to center. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wells out at second. Conger flied out to right. Aybar tripled to deep left center, Bourjos scored. Burnett pitching for Twins. Kendrick popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Angels. Kubel singled to right. Cuddyer walked, Kubel to second. Valencia singled to center, Kubel to third, Cuddyer to second. Tosoni walked, Kubel scored, Cuddyer to third, Valencia to second. Hughes walked, Cuddyer scored, Valencia to third, Tosoni to second. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Nishioka grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valencia out at home, Tosoni to third, Hughes to second. Butera singled to left, Tosoni and Hughes scored, Nishioka to second. Revere grounded out to first, Nishioka to third, Butera to second. Plouffe grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Burnett pitching for Twins. Abreu popped out to second. Moore hit for Hunter. Moore flied out to left. Navarro hit for Trumbo. Navarro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Romine at shortstop. Moore in right field. Navarro at first base. Takahashi pitching for Angels. Kubel doubled to left. Cuddyer struck out looking. Valencia safe at second on error by third baseman Callaspo, Kubel scored. Tosoni flied out to left. Hughes flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Hoey pitching for Twins. Trout hit for Callaspo. Trout walked. Wells grounded out to third, Trout to second. Branyan hit for Bourjos. Branyan grounded out to second, Trout to third. Conger doubled to left, Trout scored. Romine struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 13 - Angels 5.	Twins crush Chatwood, Angels