White Sox - Top 1st. Pavano pitching for Twins. Pierre grounded out to second. Ramirez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Plouffe. Konerko singled to left, Ramirez to second. Pierzynski flied out to left. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at third, Konerko to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Danks pitching for White Sox. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Plouffe grounded out to third. Mauer grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Pavano pitching for Twins. De Aza flied out to left. Viciedo singled to right. Vizquel flied out to right. Morel walked, Viciedo to second. Pierre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Valencia grounded out to shortstop. Parmelee grounded out to second. Hughes singled to center. Benson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Pavano pitching for Twins. Ramirez doubled to deep right. Konerko reached on infield single to second, Ramirez to third. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Konerko out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Danks pitching for White Sox. Repko grounded out to third. Butera walked. Revere singled to left, Butera to second. Plouffe struck out swinging. Mauer hit by pitch, Butera to third, Revere to second. Valencia singled to right, Butera and Revere scored, Mauer to third. Parmelee doubled to deep center, Mauer and Valencia scored. Hughes flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Pavano pitching for Twins. De Aza flied out to left. Viciedo grounded out to second. Vizquel singled to right. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Benson struck out swinging. Repko singled to center. Butera flied out to right. Repko caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Revere batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Pierre safe at first on error by first baseman Parmelee. Ramirez grounded out to second, Pierre to second. Konerko singled to center, Pierre scored. Pierzynski doubled to deep right center, Konerko to third. Rios hit sacrifice fly to center, Konerko scored. De Aza grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Plouffe struck out swinging. Mauer singled to center. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Pavano pitching for Twins. Viciedo reached on infield single to shortstop. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Viciedo out at second. Morel singled to center, Vizquel to second. Pierre doubled to deep right, Vizquel scored, Morel to third. Burnett pitching for Twins. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. Konerko intentionally walked. Mijares pitching for Twins. Pierzynski grounded into fielder's choice to first, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Danks pitching for White Sox. Parmelee grounded out to second. Hughes walked. Benson flied out to left. Hughes stole second, Hughes scored on throwing error by first baseman Konerko. Repko popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Capps pitching for Twins. Rios flied out to right. De Aza singled to center. Viciedo hit by pitch, De Aza to second. Vizquel popped out to first. Morel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Viciedo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Butera popped out to shortstop. Revere singled to center. Revere stole second. Plouffe grounded out to pitcher, Revere to third. Mauer intentionally walked. Valencia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Pierre walked. Ramirez doubled to deep right, Pierre to third. Konerko popped out to first. Pierzynski grounded out to second, Pierre scored, Ramirez to third. Rios struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Davis Axelrod pitching for White Sox. Parmelee struck out looking. Hughes doubled to deep center. Benson grounded out to shortstop, Hughes to third. Repko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. De Aza struck out swinging. Viciedo struck out swinging. Vizquel lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 4 - Twins 5.	Twins snap 20-inning scoreless streak in win \n\n