Twins - Top 1st. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Revere grounded out to second. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. Mauer walked. Cuddyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Gordon flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Butler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Kubel flied out to right. Valencia flied out to center. Parmelee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Hosmer singled to left center. Francoeur singled to left, Hosmer to second. Moustakas singled to right center, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to third. Giavotella hit sacrifice fly to center, Francoeur scored. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Moustakas out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Benson reached on infield single to third. Tolbert flied out to left. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to third, Benson out at second. Revere stole second. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Escobar popped out to second. Gordon singled to center. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Mauer grounded out to second. Cuddyer singled to left. Kubel struck out swinging. Cuddyer stole second. Valencia singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Valencia to second advancing on throw. Parmelee walked. Benson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Hosmer singled to center. Francoeur reached on infield single to shortstop, Hosmer to second. Moustakas singled to left center, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to third. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to first, Francoeur scored, Moustakas out at second, Moustakas to third, Giavotella to second on throwing error by shortstop Plouffe. Perez doubled to deep right, Giavotella scored. Escobar popped out to third. Perez to third on wild pitch by Hendriks. Gordon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Tolbert struck out looking. Revere lined out to left. Plouffe singled to center. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hendriks pitching for Twins. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Butler grounded out to second. Hosmer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Cuddyer tripled to deep right center. Kubel grounded out to first, Cuddyer scored. Valencia grounded out to third. Parmelee grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Francoeur flied out to center. Moustakas doubled to deep center. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop, Moustakas to third. Perez singled to shallow left, Moustakas scored. Escobar singled to center, Perez to second. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Gordon singled to center, Perez scored, Escobar to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar to third, Gordon to second. Burnett pitching for Twins. Butler flied out to right. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Wood pitching for Royals. Benson doubled to deep right. Tolbert lined into double play, to shortstop, Benson doubled off second. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second. Plouffe walked. Mauer walked, Revere to third, Plouffe to second. Cuddyer walked, Revere scored, Plouffe to third, Mauer to second. Collins pitching for Royals. Kubel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Hosmer struck out swinging. Francoeur singled to left. Francoeur stole second. Francoeur safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mauer. Moustakas grounded out to pitcher. Giavotella grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Collins pitching for Royals. Valencia singled to center. Parmelee flied out to left. Benson flied out to right. Tolbert grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hoey pitching for Twins. Perez popped out to second. Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Plouffe. Gordon struck out swinging, Escobar stole second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Collins pitching for Royals. Revere walked. Plouffe struck out looking. Revere stole second. Mauer walked. Holland pitching for Royals. Cuddyer walked, Revere to third, Mauer to second. Kubel flied out to left. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - Royals 7.	Royals tie season high with 4-game win streak