Indians - Top 1st. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Fukudome flied out to right. Kipnis singled to left. Cabrera singled to right, Kipnis to second. Santana grounded out to first, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second. Hafner singled to right, Kipnis and Cabrera scored, Hafner to second advancing on throw. LaPorta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Gomez pitching for Indians. Revere flied out to center. Plouffe flied out to center. Cuddyer safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall, Cuddyer advanced to first on Chisenhall throwing error, Cuddyer tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Chisenhall popped out to shortstop. Carrera tripled to deep right. Crowe singled to center, Carrera scored. Fukudome walked, Crowe to second. Kipnis tripled to deep right center, Crowe and Fukudome scored. Cabrera grounded out to first. Santana homered to right, Kipnis scored. Oliveros pitching for Twins. Hafner walked. LaPorta doubled to deep right, Hafner scored. Chisenhall popped out to second. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Gomez pitching for Indians. Parmelee walked. Hughes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parmelee out at second. Tosoni flied out to center. Dinkelman singled to right, Hughes to second. Benson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Oliveros pitching for Twins. Carrera fouled out to first. Crowe struck out swinging. Fukudome flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Gomez pitching for Indians. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Revere doubled to left. Plouffe struck out swinging. Cuddyer singled to left, Revere scored. Parmelee singled to left, Cuddyer to second. Hughes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parmelee out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Santana singled to left, Cabrera to second. Hafner flied out to right. LaPorta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Tosoni popped out to third. Dinkelman singled to right. Dinkelman to second on wild pitch by Gomez. Benson struck out looking. Rivera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Carrera struck out swinging. Crowe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Plouffe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Revere out at second. Cuddyer walked, Plouffe to second. Parmelee singled to right, Plouffe scored, Cuddyer to third. Hughes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Parmelee out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Hoey pitching for Twins. Fukudome grounded out to first. Kipnis grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to right center. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Tosoni grounded out to second. Dinkelman grounded out to second. Benson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Duensing pitching for Twins. Hafner grounded out to first. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. Chisenhall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Gomez pitching for Indians. Rivera struck out swinging. Revere grounded out to second. Judy pitching for Indians. Plouffe flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Carrera struck out swinging. Crowe grounded out to third. Fukudome grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Judy pitching for Indians. Cuddyer singled to right. Parmelee homered to right, Cuddyer scored. Hughes lined out to shortstop. Tosoni walked. Perez pitching for Indians. Dinkelman singled to right, Tosoni to second. Smith pitching for Indians. Benson flied out to right. Tolbert hit for Rivera. Tolbert flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Butera catching. Capps pitching for Twins. Kipnis doubled to deep left center, Kipnis to third on error by left fielder Tosoni. Cabrera singled to right, Kipnis scored. Santana fouled out to third. Hafner flied out to right. LaPorta walked, Cabrera to second. Chisenhall singled to right, Cabrera scored, LaPorta to third. Carrera walked, Chisenhall to second. Burnett pitching for Twins. Crowe struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 9th. Putnam pitching for Indians. Revere struck out swinging. Plouffe lined out to left. Cuddyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Twins 4.	Santana hits 25th HR as Indians hammer Twins