Twins - Top 1st. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second. Plouffe struck out looking. Cuddyer grounded out to second, Revere to third. Parmelee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Diamond pitching for Twins. Jeter singled to center. Granderson homered to right (379 feet), Jeter scored. Teixeira singled to left. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teixeira out at second. Cano grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Valencia struck out looking. Dinkelman struck out swinging. Hughes reached on infield single to second. Hughes stole second. Benson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Swisher singled to left. Jones fouled out to second. Montero singled to deep right, Swisher to third. Martin singled to left, Swisher scored, Montero to second. Jeter flied out to right, Montero to third. Granderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Rivera struck out looking. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Revere stole second, Revere safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin. Plouffe struck out swinging. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Diamond pitching for Twins. Teixeira grounded out to second. Rodriguez walked. Cano tripled to deep center, Rodriguez scored. Swisher singled to center, Cano scored. Jones doubled to right, Swisher to third. Montero struck out looking. Martin grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Parmelee homered to right (380 feet). Valencia singled to center. Dinkelman singled to right, Valencia to second. Hughes flied out to left. Benson flied out to left. Rivera walked, Valencia to third, Dinkelman to second. Revere struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Diamond pitching for Twins. Jeter hit ground rule double to deep right. Granderson walked. Teixeira grounded out to third, Jeter to third, Granderson to second. Rodriguez flied out to right. Cano intentionally walked. Swisher flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Burnett pitching for Yankees. Plouffe singled to center. Cuddyer homered to center (416 feet), Plouffe scored. Parmelee doubled to center. Wade pitching for Yankees. Valencia walked. Dinkelman singled to shallow right, Parmelee to third, Valencia to second. Hughes grounded out to shortstop, Parmelee scored, Valencia to third, Dinkelman to second. Benson struck out swinging. Rivera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Jones struck out looking. Montero struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Wade pitching for Yankees. Revere singled to right. Revere caught stealing second, catcher to second. Plouffe grounded out to third. Cuddyer singled to center. Logan pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer stole second. Parmelee grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Waldrop pitching for Twins. Jeter reached on bunt single to third. Granderson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jeter out at second. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher, Granderson to second. Rodriguez singled to left, Granderson scored, Rodriguez to second on error by catcher Rivera. Cano intentionally walked. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Gardner in left field. Soriano pitching for Yankees. Valencia grounded out to third. Dinkelman lined out to center. Hughes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hoey pitching for Twins. Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop. Posada hit for Montero. Posada grounded into double play, second to first, Gardner out at second. Martin walked. Jeter walked, Martin to second. Mijares pitching for Twins. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Robertson pitching for Yankees. Benson grounded out to third. Tosoni hit for Rivera. Tosoni fouled out to third. Revere grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Butera catching. Oliveros pitching for Twins. Teixeira singled to shallow left. Rodriguez popped out to second. Cano singled to shallow right, Teixeira to second. Swisher grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Cano out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Dickerson in right field. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Plouffe grounded out to second. Cuddyer lined out to right. Parmelee struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Yankees 6.	Rivera sets saves mark as Yanks dispatch Twins