Mets - Top 1st. Redding pitching for Nationals. Reyes walked. Castillo hit sacrifice fly to center, Reyes scored. Wright singled to center. Beltran homered to right center, Wright scored. Alou singled to left. Green grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Alou out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lawrence pitching for Mets. Logan flied out to right. Jimenez singled to right. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Pena popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Lo Duca doubled to deep left. Milledge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lo Duca out at third, Milledge to second. Lawrence popped out to second. Reyes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lawrence pitching for Mets. Kearns struck out looking. Belliard lined out to left. Fick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Redding pitching for Nationals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Wright grounded out to second. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lawrence pitching for Mets. Schneider popped out to shortstop. Redding grounded out to pitcher. Logan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Redding pitching for Nationals. Alou flied out to right. Green homered to center. Lo Duca singled to right. Milledge struck out swinging. Lawrence flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lawrence pitching for Mets. Jimenez struck out swinging. Zimmerman singled to right. Pena singled to left, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Pena to second. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop, Zimmerman scored, Pena to third, Kearns to second. Fick singled to right, Pena scored, Kearns to third, Belliard to second. Schneider doubled to deep right, Kearns and Belliard scored, Fick to third. Langerhans hit for Redding. Sele pitching for Mets. Fick picked off third. Langerhans grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Reyes popped out to third. Castillo struck out looking. Wright grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Sele pitching for Mets. Logan doubled to left. Jimenez grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Logan to third. Pena singled to left, Logan scored. Kearns doubled to left, Pena to third. Belliard walked. Schoeneweis pitching for Mets. Batista hit for Fick. Batista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Batista at first base. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Beltran grounded out to second. Alou singled to center. Green walked, Alou to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Lo Duca lined into double play, third to second, Alou doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for Mets. Schneider walked. Lopez hit for Rivera. Lopez safe at first on error by third baseman Wright, Schneider to second. Logan reached on bunt single to pitcher, Schneider to third, Lopez to third, Schneider and Lopez scored, Logan to third on throwing error by pitcher Schoeneweis. Jimenez popped out to first. Sosa pitching for Mets. DiFelice catching. Zimmerman walked. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Logan scored, Zimmerman to second. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Pena to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman scored, Kearns out at second, Pena to third. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Lopez at shortstop. Milledge reached on infield single to third. Gotay hit for DiFelice. Gotay struck out looking. Reyes grounded out to second, Milledge to second. Castillo singled to left, Milledge to third. Wright grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Castro catching. Collazo pitching for Mets. Schneider grounded out to shortstop. Lopez doubled to deep left. Smith pitching for Mets. Logan singled to right, Lopez scored. Church hit for Ayala. Logan stole second, Logan safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castro. Church homered to right, Logan scored. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Munoz pitching for Nationals. Beltran fouled out to catcher. Alou popped out to first. Green singled to right center. Castro walked, Green to second. Milledge struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Mets. Kearns safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes. Belliard flied out to right. Batista struck out swinging. Kearns to second on passed ball by Castro. Schneider flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 9th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Anderson hit for Smith. Anderson struck out swinging. Reyes lined out to center. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 4 - Nationals 12.	Errors doom Mets vs. Nats