Indians - Top 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Sizemore struck out looking. Dellucci grounded out to second. Hafner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Roberts singled to right. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Roberts out at second. Tejada walked, Payton to second. Hernandez homered to left, Payton and Tejada scored. Huff singled to right. Mora flied out to left. Markakis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Martinez flied out to left. Nixon walked. Garko popped out to second. Peralta walked, Nixon to second. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Millar walked. Millar to second on wild pitch by Sowers. Patterson walked. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at second, Millar to third. Roberts stole second. Payton singled to center, Millar and Roberts scored. Tejada singled to left, Payton to second. Payton stole third. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center, Payton scored. Huff flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Rouse hit ground rule double to deep left center. Sizemore walked. Dellucci grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second, Rouse to third. Davis pitching for Indians. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Indians. Mora singled to right. Markakis flied out to left. Millar popped out to shortstop. Patterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Martinez singled to center. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Nixon walked. Martinez to third, Nixon to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Garko struck out swinging. Peralta fouled out to first. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Indians. Roberts doubled to deep right. Payton singled to left, Roberts to third. Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center, Roberts scored, Payton to second. Hernandez lined out to center. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Rouse flied out to left. Sizemore struck out looking. Dellucci grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Mora singled to left. Markakis singled to left, Mora to second. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Markakis out at second, Mora to third, Mora scored on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Millar out at second. Roberts flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Hafner grounded out to second. Martinez homered to right. Nixon flied out to right. Perez pitching for Indians. Garko fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Indians. Payton struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to third. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Peralta flied out to right. Blake lined out to third. Rouse flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Huff struck out swinging. Mora walked. Markakis struck out looking. Millar singled to shallow left, Mora to second. Walker pitching for Orioles. Michaels hit for Sizemore. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Michaels singled to left. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to first, Michaels out at second. Hafner singled to right center, Dellucci to third. Martinez singled to right, Dellucci scored, Hafner to third. Michaels in center field. Nixon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Payton singled to right center. Tejada singled to left center, Payton to second. Hernandez flied out to center, Payton to third. Williams pitching for Orioles. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Garko grounded out to second. Peralta struck out looking. Blake singled to right. Rouse singled to right, Blake to second. Michaels grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Orioles 8.	Hernandez leads O's offensive charge past Indians