Indians - Top 1st. Burres pitching for Orioles. Sizemore struck out swinging. Michaels struck out swinging. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Roberts walked. Payton lined into double play, second to first, Roberts doubled off first. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Garko fouled out to first. Peralta singled to left, Martinez to second. Nixon singled to center, Martinez scored, Peralta to second, Peralta thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Blake flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hernandez singled to center. Huff struck out swinging. Hernandez stole second. Mora popped out to second. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Barfield flied out to right. Sizemore singled to right. Michaels flied out to left. Hafner popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Millar singled to left. Patterson singled to right, Millar to second. Roberts struck out swinging. Payton fouled out to first. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop, Millar to third, Patterson to second. Hernandez doubled to right, Millar, Patterson and Tejada scored. Huff struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Garko singled to left. Peralta singled to left, Garko to second. Nixon singled to center, Garko scored, Peralta to second. Blake walked, Peralta to third, Nixon to second. Barfield popped out to second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Sizemore singled to right, Peralta scored, Nixon to third, Blake to second. Michaels doubled to deep left, Nixon and Blake scored, Sizemore to third. Hafner grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Mora flied out to center. Markakis struck out looking. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Martinez popped out to second. Garko hit by pitch. Peralta walked, Garko to second. Nixon doubled to right, Garko scored, Peralta to third. Blake doubled to shallow left, Peralta and Nixon scored. Barfield flied out to center. Sizemore struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Patterson doubled to deep right. Roberts struck out swinging. Payton lined out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Michaels flied out to center. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez singled to center. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hernandez singled to left. Huff struck out swinging. Mora singled to left, Hernandez to second. Markakis singled to center, Hernandez to third, Mora to second. Millar struck out swinging. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Nixon singled to right center. Blake singled to left, Nixon to second. Barfield struck out swinging. Williams pitching for Orioles. Sizemore walked, Nixon to third, Blake to second. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blake out at third, Sizemore to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Roberts grounded out to third. Payton grounded out to pitcher. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Shoppach hit for Martinez. Williams pitching for Orioles. Hafner grounded out to first. Shoppach singled to center. Garko singled to left, Shoppach to second. Peralta flied out to right. Nixon singled to right, Shoppach scored, Garko to second. Shoppach catching. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nixon out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Hernandez flied out to center. Huff singled to right. Mora doubled to deep right center, Huff to third. Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left, Huff scored. Millar singled to left, Mora scored. Baez pitching for Orioles. Patterson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore flied out to right. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Michaels grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Roberts doubled to deep left center. Payton flied out to left. Tejada fouled out to first. Borowski pitching for Indians. Hernandez singled to left, Roberts scored. Huff reached on infield single to pitcher, Hernandez to second. Mora flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Orioles 6.	Nixon bat (5-for-5), Sabathia arm (5-0) lift Tribe