Indians - Top 1st. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Sizemore flied out to left. Blake struck out swinging. Hafner lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Martinez grounded out to second. Nixon singled to center. Garko flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Huff singled to left center. Mora grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huff out at second. Payton reached on infield single to third. Millar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Michaels struck out swinging. Barfield singled to left center. Barfield stole second. Barfield to third on passed ball by Bako. Sizemore singled to right, Barfield scored. Sizemore stole second. Blake popped out to second. Hafner grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Patterson lined out to first. Bako grounded out to second. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Martinez flied out to left. Nixon flied out to left. Garko singled to right. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Markakis flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to second. Huff safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Barfield. Mora reached on infield single to shortstop, Huff to second. Payton singled to right, Huff scored, Mora to second, Mora to third advancing on throw. Millar walked, Payton to second. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Michaels singled to left. Barfield flied out to right. Sizemore grounded out to first, Michaels to second. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Bako reached on infield single to third. Roberts reached on infield single to third, Bako to second. Markakis flied out to center. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to first, Roberts out at second, Bako to third. Huff grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Trachsel pitching for Orioles. Hafner walked. Martinez lined out to left. Nixon singled to right, Hafner to third. Nixon to second on wild pitch by Trachsel. Garko flied out to right, Hafner thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Mora flied out to center. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Dellucci hit for Michaels. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Peralta grounded out to second. Dellucci singled to left. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Barfield singled to left, Dellucci to second. Sizemore hit ground rule double to deep left center, Dellucci scored, Barfield to third. Blake intentionally walked. Hafner struck out looking. Martinez walked, Barfield scored, Sizemore to third, Blake to second. Nixon singled to center, Sizemore and Blake scored, Martinez to second. Dellucci in left field. Garko struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Patterson grounded out to pitcher. Bako flied out to center. Roberts tripled to right center. Walker pitching for Orioles. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Walker pitching for Orioles. Peralta singled to center. Dellucci struck out swinging. Barfield walked, Peralta to second. Sizemore fouled out to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta to third, Barfield to second. Hafner homered to right center, Peralta, Barfield and Blake scored. Martinez singled to right. Gutierrez in right field. Mastny pitching for Indians. Nixon popped out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Tejada popped out to first. Huff struck out swinging. Williams pitching for Orioles. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Peralta homered to center. Dellucci grounded out to second. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Bynum hit for Payton. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Bynum popped out to second. Millar flied out to right. Patterson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Orioles 1.	Hafner, Indians slam O's