Indians - Top 1st. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Sizemore grounded out to second. Blake tripled to deep left center. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Stewart flied out to center. Swisher grounded out to third. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Nixon walked. Garko singled to left center, Nixon to second. Dellucci singled to center, Nixon to third, Garko to second. Barfield struck out swinging. Rouse grounded into fielder's choice to second, Nixon scored, Dellucci out at second, Garko to third. Sizemore hit by pitch, Rouse to second. Blake struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Johnson popped out to second. Crosby homered to left. Cust struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Hafner walked. Martinez singled to right, Hafner to third. Nixon doubled to deep right, Hafner scored, Martinez to third. Garko grounded out to third. Dellucci singled to left center, Martinez scored, Nixon to third. Barfield grounded out to shortstop, Nixon scored, Dellucci to second. Rouse safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Ellis, Dellucci advanced to third on play, Dellucci scored, Rouse to second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis. Sizemore grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Ellis walked. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellis to second. Stewart singled to center, Ellis scored, Kendall to second. Swisher singled to left center, Kendall to third, Stewart to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Bradley hit sacrifice fly to center, Kendall scored. Johnson walked, Stewart to third, Swisher to second. Crosby struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Blake grounded out to third. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Cust doubled to deep right. Ellis flied out to right, Cust to third. Kendall grounded out to second, Cust scored. Stewart singled to center. Swisher singled to right, Stewart to third. Chavez flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Nixon grounded out to first. Garko doubled to deep left. Dellucci struck out swinging. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Barfield reached on infield single to first, Garko to third. Rouse grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Bradley popped out to second. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Sizemore singled to left. Blake doubled to deep left, Sizemore scored, Blake to third advancing on throw. Hafner singled to left, Blake scored. Martinez flied out to center. Nixon lined out to shortstop. Garko lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Cust walked. Mastny pitching for Indians. Ellis struck out swinging. Kendall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cust out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Marshall pitching for Athletics. Dellucci grounded out to first. Barfield grounded out to third. Rouse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Stewart flied out to right. Swisher flied out to right. Chavez homered to center. Fultz pitching for Indians. Bradley singled to left. Bradley stole second. Embree pitching for Athletics. Johnson lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Shoppach catching. Martinez at first base. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Hafner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Crosby flied out to left. Cust struck out looking. Buck hit for Kendall. Ellis singled to right. Melhuse catching. Buck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Martinez singled to left. Michaels hit for Nixon. Michaels struck out swinging. Garko singled to center, Martinez to second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Dellucci struck out swinging. Michaels in right field. Borowski pitching for Indians. Barfield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Stewart lined out to first. Swisher popped out to shortstop. Chavez singled to right. Chavez to second on fielder's indifference. Bradley homered to right, Chavez scored. Johnson singled to center. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Crosby singled to left center, Johnson to second. Cust homered to left, Johnson and Crosby scored. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Athletics 10.	On the Cust: Five-run ninth rallies A's by Indians