Braves - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Escobar singled to center. Renteria walked, Escobar to second. Jones struck out looking. Jones struck out swinging. Escobar caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Sizemore singled to center. Sizemore stole second. Dellucci flied out to left. Sizemore to third on wild pitch by Carlyle. Blake walked. Martinez singled to left center, Sizemore scored, Blake to second. Hafner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Francoeur singled to center. Diaz singled to center, Francoeur to second. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Diaz out at second, Francoeur to third. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Peralta flied out to right. Nixon grounded out to shortstop. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to second. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Barfield singled to right center. Sizemore flied out to center. Dellucci popped out to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barfield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Jones flied out to left. Jones lined out to second. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Martinez singled to right. Hafner singled to shallow left, Martinez to second. Peralta safe at first on error by third baseman Escobar, Martinez to third, Hafner to second. Nixon popped out to third. Garko singled to right center, Martinez scored, Hafner to third, Peralta to second. Barfield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hafner scored, Peralta out at third, Garko to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Diaz singled to right. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Diaz to third. McCann struck out looking. Woodward singled to left center, Diaz scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Escobar grounded out to third, Saltalamacchia to third, Woodward to second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Dellucci popped out to first. Blake grounded out to third. Martinez walked. Hafner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Jones singled to right. Jones singled to center, Jones to second. Francoeur singled to center, Jones scored, Jones to second. Diaz reached on bunt single to third, Jones to third, Francoeur to second. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. McCann hit sacrifice fly to center, Jones scored, Francoeur to third. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Diaz out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Carlyle pitching for Braves. Peralta flied out to center. Nixon lined out to center. Garko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Escobar struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to left. Yates pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Yates pitching for Braves. Barfield flied out to center. Sizemore struck out swinging. Dellucci flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Jones flied out to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. Soriano pitching for Braves. Diaz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Soriano pitching for Braves. Blake homered to left. Martinez grounded out to second. Hafner grounded out to second. Peralta singled to center. Gutierrez in right field. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Orr ran for Saltalamacchia. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Saltalamacchia doubled to left. McCann safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta. Woodward sacrificed to third, Orr to third, McCann to second. Mastny pitching for Indians. Escobar doubled to deep left center, Orr and McCann scored. Renteria walked. Jones walked, Escobar to third, Renteria to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at home, Renteria to third, Jones to second. Harris in left field. Thorman at first base. Wickman pitching for Braves. Francoeur grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. Wickman pitching for Braves. Garko struck out swinging. Barfield singled to left. Barfield to second on balk by Wickman. Sizemore struck out swinging. Dellucci walked. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Indians 4.	Escobar rallies Braves past Sabathia, Indians