Phillies - Top 1st. Stanford pitching for Indians. Rollins reached on bunt single to pitcher. Victorino popped out to shortstop. Utley hit by pitch, Rollins to second. Howard singled to right, Rollins scored, Utley to third. Rowand popped out to second. Burrell doubled to deep center, Utley and Howard scored. Werth safe at first on error by third baseman Rouse, Burrell to third. Helms flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Sizemore singled to right center. Barfield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Barfield out at second. Hafner safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins, Martinez to second. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 2nd. Stanford pitching for Indians. Ruiz reached on infield single to third. Rollins flied out to right. Victorino grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ruiz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Nixon flied out to left. Garko homered to left. Dellucci grounded out to second. Rouse flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Stanford pitching for Indians. Utley grounded out to second. Howard homered to right. Rowand popped out to first. Burrell struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Sizemore grounded out to second. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Werth grounded out to pitcher. Helms grounded out to third. Ruiz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Hafner walked. Peralta singled to right, Hafner to second. Nixon grounded out to first, Hafner to third, Peralta to second. Garko singled to center, Hafner scored, Peralta to third. Michaels ran for Dellucci. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta scored, Garko out at second. Rouse singled to right, Michaels to second. Michaels in left field. Sizemore struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Rollins struck out looking. Victorino grounded out to pitcher. Utley fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Barfield popped out to shortstop. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Hafner flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Howard grounded out to pitcher. Rowand popped out to pitcher. Burrell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Kendrick pitching for Phillies. Peralta flied out to right. Nixon flied out to left. Garko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Werth walked. Helms struck out looking. Ruiz flied out to left. Rollins reached on infield single to third, Werth to second. Victorino hit by pitch, Werth to third, Rollins to second. Fultz pitching for Indians. Utley singled to center, Werth and Rollins scored, Victorino to second. Madson pitching for Phillies. Howard grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Michaels singled to left. Rouse flied out to left. Sizemore grounded out to second, Michaels to second. Barfield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Fultz pitching for Indians. Rowand struck out swinging. Burrell struck out swinging. Werth singled to left. Nunez ran for Helms. Helms walked, Werth to second. Nunez at third base. Ruiz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Martinez lined out to first. Hafner grounded out to third. Peralta singled to right. Peralta to second on balk by Madson. Nixon walked. Garko singled to center, Peralta to third, Nixon to second. Blake hit for Rouse. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Michaels singled to left, Peralta and Nixon scored, Garko to third. Blake at third base. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Blake grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Rollins struck out swinging. Victorino singled to center. Victorino stole second. Utley walked. Howard doubled to deep right, Victorino and Utley scored. Dobbs hit for Burrell. Rowand flied out to center. Dobbs doubled to deep left, Howard scored. Bourn ran for Werth. Werth walked. Bourn in left field. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dobbs out at third, Bourn to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Alfonseca pitching for Phillies. Sizemore singled to right. Barfield grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. Martinez reached on infield single to second, Barfield to second. Hafner flied out to right. Peralta doubled to deep left, Barfield scored, Martinez to third. Nixon flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 9 - Indians 6.	Howard's homer, four RBIs power Phils past Tribe