Athletics - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Stewart singled to right. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. Swisher reached on infield single to shortstop. Chavez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Sizemore flied out to center. Blake singled to left. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Cust singled to left. Crosby doubled to left, Cust to third. Johnson grounded out to first, Cust scored, Crosby to third. Kotsay singled to center, Crosby scored. Kendall safe at first on error by second baseman Barfield, Kotsay to second. Stewart struck out swinging. Scutaro reached on infield single to third, Kotsay to third, Kendall to second. Swisher flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Hafner homered to right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Garko grounded out to shortstop. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Chavez struck out swinging. Cust struck out swinging. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Barfield lined out to shortstop. Sizemore grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Johnson flied out to left. Kotsay grounded out to second. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to second. Hafner singled to center. Peralta walked, Hafner to second. Garko doubled to deep center, Hafner and Peralta scored. Nixon intentionally walked. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nixon out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Stewart grounded out to second. Scutaro grounded out to third. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Barfield doubled to left. Sizemore flied out to center, Barfield to third. Blake struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Chavez struck out swinging. Cust struck out looking. Crosby grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Hafner grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to second. Garko walked. Nixon singled to right center, Garko to third. Gutierrez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Johnson singled to center. Kotsay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Harden pitching for Athletics. Kendall popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Barfield struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Stewart singled to center. Scutaro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stewart out at second. Embree pitching for Athletics. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Martinez doubled to deep right. Hafner flied out to center. Peralta singled to center, Martinez scored. Peralta stole second. Michaels hit for Nixon. Garko intentionally walked. Michaels doubled to deep right center, Peralta scored, Garko to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Michaels in left field. Gutierrez in right field. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Chavez struck out swinging. Cust hit by pitch. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cust out at second. Johnson doubled to deep right, Crosby to third. Kotsay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Indians 5.	Sabathia goes distance vs. A's for 11th win