Athletics - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Buck walked. Stewart flied out to right. Swisher walked, Buck to second. Cust homered to center, Buck and Swisher scored. Chavez singled to left center. Chavez to second on wild pitch by Carmona. Ellis struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Sizemore grounded out to second. Blake walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Scutaro singled to left. Suzuki homered to left, Scutaro scored. Buck doubled to deep left. Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop, Buck to third. Stanford pitching for Indians. Swisher doubled to deep center, Buck scored, Stewart to third. Cust hit sacrifice fly to center, Stewart scored. Chavez doubled to deep center, Swisher scored. Ellis singled to center, Chavez to third. Johnson singled to center, Chavez scored, Ellis to second. Scutaro popped out to first. Suzuki walked, Ellis to third, Johnson to second. Buck grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Peralta homered to center. Garko singled to center. Michaels reached on infield single to shortstop, Garko to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Barfield struck out swinging. Sizemore singled to center, Garko scored, Michaels to third. Blake grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Stanford pitching for Indians. Stewart singled to center. Swisher popped out to first. Cust struck out looking. Chavez walked, Stewart to second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart out at third, Chavez to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Martinez grounded out to third. Hafner walked. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hafner out at second. Garko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Johnson walked. Scutaro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez grounded out to second. Barfield popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Buck flied out to center. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Swisher grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Sizemore walked. Blake grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second. Martinez singled to center. Hafner flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Cust grounded out to pitcher. Chavez singled to right. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Johnson singled to right, Chavez to second. Scutaro singled to center, Chavez scored, Johnson to second. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Athletics. Peralta singled to center. Garko popped out to second. Michaels doubled to deep left center, Peralta to third. Gutierrez homered to left, Peralta and Michaels scored. Braden pitching for Athletics. Barfield grounded out to third. Sizemore flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Buck popped out to shortstop. Stewart singled to right. Swisher grounded out to shortstop, Stewart to second. Cust singled to center, Stewart scored. Mujica pitching for Indians. Chavez popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Blake homered to left. Martinez popped out to second. Hafner homered to right. Peralta struck out swinging. Garko flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Ellis flied out to right. Johnson struck out swinging. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Michaels struck out swinging. Gutierrez walked. Barfield flied out to right. Sizemore lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Indians. Suzuki struck out swinging. Buck reached on bunt single to first. Stewart homered to center, Buck scored. Swisher grounded out to second. Cust grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Blake flied out to left. Martinez singled to left center. Hafner flied out to right. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 13 - Indians 7.	A's rough up Carmona, Tribe to snap losing skid