Royals - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. Grudzielanek walked. Teahen grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Grudzielanek out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Royals. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Blake struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Gload struck out looking. Gordon walked. Butler singled to center, Gordon to second. LaRue walked, Gordon to third, Butler to second. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon scored, Butler out at third, LaRue to second. Pena grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Royals. Hafner struck out looking. Peralta singled to deep right. Garko doubled to deep left, Peralta to third. Michaels singled to right center, Peralta scored, Garko to third. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Barfield flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek singled to right, DeJesus to second. Teahen singled to left, DeJesus to third, Grudzielanek to second. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeJesus scored, Teahen out at second, Grudzielanek to third. Gordon singled to left, Grudzielanek scored, Gload to second. Butler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gordon out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Royals. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Blake grounded out to pitcher, Sizemore to third. Martinez grounded out to second, Sizemore scored. Hafner lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. LaRue struck out swinging. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. Pena lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Royals. Peralta safe at first on error by shortstop Pena. Garko walked, Peralta to second. Michaels flied out to left. Gutierrez singled to center, Peralta to third, Garko to second. Barfield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta scored, Garko out at third, Gutierrez to second. Sizemore grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. DeJesus lined out to center. Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop. Teahen flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Royals. Blake doubled to left. Martinez singled to center, Blake scored. Hafner flied out to left. Peralta struck out swinging. Peralta pitching for Royals. Garko walked, Martinez to second. Michaels struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Gload doubled to left. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Butler walked. LaRue grounded into double play, third to second to first, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Barfield struck out swinging. Perez pitching for Indians. German hit for Gathright. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. German struck out swinging. Pena grounded out to shortstop. German in left field. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Royals. Blake struck out swinging. Gobble pitching for Royals. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Soria pitching for Royals. Hafner walked. Peralta singled to right center, Hafner to second. Hafner to third, Peralta to second on wild pitch by Soria. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Garko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Grudzielanek singled to right. Teahen struck out swinging. Gload flied out to left. Riske pitching for Royals. Gordon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Riske pitching for Royals. Michaels popped out to shortstop. Gutierrez walked. Barfield grounded out to shortstop, Gutierrez to second. Sizemore intentionally walked. Borowski pitching for Indians. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Smith ran for Butler. Borowski pitching for Indians. Butler singled to right. LaRue sacrificed to third, Smith to second. German singled to left, Smith to third. Pena hit sacrifice fly to left, Smith scored. German stole second. Greinke pitching for Royals. DeJesus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Martinez fouled out to third. Rouse ran for Hafner. Hafner doubled to deep right. Peralta intentionally walked. Garko singled to center, Rouse scored, Peralta to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Indians 5.	Garko's walk-off single caps Indians' win vs. Royals