Indians - Top 1st. Loe pitching for Rangers. Sizemore grounded out to second. Blake struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Lofton lined out to shortstop. Hairston grounded out to third. Teixeira lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Hafner singled to right. Hafner to second on wild pitch by Loe. Peralta hit by pitch. Garko walked, Hafner to third, Peralta to second. Nixon doubled to deep right, Hafner and Peralta scored, Garko to third. Francisco hit sacrifice fly to right, Garko scored, Nixon to third. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. Sizemore singled to center, Nixon scored. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Sosa popped out to shortstop. Byrd struck out swinging. Wilkerson doubled to deep right. Laird homered to center, Wilkerson scored. Vazquez doubled to deep center. Metcalf reached on infield single to pitcher, Vazquez scored, Metcalf to second on throwing error by pitcher Sabathia. Lofton lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Hafner grounded out to shortstop. Peralta singled to left. Garko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hairston flied out to center. Teixeira singled to center. Sosa lined out to shortstop. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to second, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Nixon grounded out to shortstop. Francisco struck out swinging. Barfield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Wilkerson walked. Laird reached on bunt single to second, Wilkerson to second. Vazquez reached on bunt single to catcher, Wilkerson to third, Laird to second. Metcalf hit sacrifice fly to center, Wilkerson scored. Lofton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vazquez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Sizemore homered to right center. Blake tripled to deep left. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Hafner intentionally walked. Peralta walked, Hafner to second. Garko grounded out to second, Blake scored, Hafner to third, Peralta to second. Nixon intentionally walked. Francisco flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Hairston bunt popped out to first. Teixeira struck out looking. Sosa popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Loe pitching for Rangers. Barfield flied out to left. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Blake flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Sabathia pitching for Indians. Byrd singled to left. Wilkerson lined out to left. Laird flied out to left. Vazquez singled to right, Byrd to third. Metcalf flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Martinez singled to right. Hafner grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Perez pitching for Indians. Lofton grounded out to second. Hairston struck out swinging. Teixeira grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Garko hit ground rule double to deep center. Nixon grounded out to first, Garko to third. Francisco singled to center, Garko scored. Francisco caught stealing second, catcher to second. Barfield struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Gutierrez in right field. Sosa walked. Byrd flied out to center. Wilkerson singled to center, Sosa to second. Laird struck out swinging. Vazquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake doubled to deep left. Martinez walked. Hafner grounded out to pitcher, Blake to third, Martinez to second. Peralta fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Borowski pitching for Indians. Metcalf fouled out to first. Lofton reached on bunt single to pitcher. Lofton stole second. Hairston popped out to second. Teixeira singled to right, Lofton scored. Sosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 7 - Rangers 5.	Sabathia gets 13th win as Indians rip Rangers