Yankees - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Cabrera grounded out to first. Jeter struck out swinging. Abreu walked. Rodriguez singled to left center, Abreu to second. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Sizemore flied out to left. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Martinez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Giambi grounded out to second. Cano singled to right. Phillips popped into double play, third to first, Cano doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Garko struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Molina struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Jeter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gomez out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging, Gutierrez stole second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Abreu flied out to left. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Matsui singled to right. Giambi homered to right, Matsui scored. Cano singled to right. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Blake singled to left center. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blake out at second. Garko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Molina doubled to left. Cabrera bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Molina out at third. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Michaels flied out to center. Gomez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Abreu flied out to center. Rodriguez flied out to right. Matsui walked. Giambi singled to left center, Matsui to second. Cano singled to right, Matsui scored, Giambi to third. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cano out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gutierrez singled to left. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gutierrez out at second. Sizemore walked. Sizemore stole second. Blake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Molina grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera homered to right. Jeter grounded out to first. Abreu flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to center. Garko singled to right, Martinez to second. Peralta walked, Martinez to third, Garko to second. Peralta picked off first. Michaels hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Matsui singled to center. Giambi grounded out to catcher, Matsui to second. Cano grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Pettitte pitching for Yankees. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Sizemore reached on infield single to third, Cabrera to second. Vizcaino pitching for Yankees. Blake fouled out to catcher. Martinez singled to center, Cabrera scored, Sizemore to second. Barfield ran for Martinez. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Garko hit by pitch, Sizemore to third, Barfield to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garko out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Shoppach catching. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Phillips flied out to center. Molina flied out to center. Cabrera singled to center. Cabrera stole second. Jeter singled to center, Cabrera scored. Abreu popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Michaels singled to right. Gomez singled to left, Michaels to second. Gutierrez doubled to deep left center, Michaels scored, Gomez to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Indians 3.	Yanks sweep season series from timid Tribe