Indians - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Cabrera singled to left, Sizemore scored, Cabrera out at third. Hafner walked. Martinez doubled to right, Hafner scored. Garko flied out to right. Peralta singled to center, Martinez scored. Lofton singled to center, Peralta to second. Gutierrez doubled to deep left center, Peralta and Lofton scored. Blake struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Laffey pitching for Indians. German grounded out to third. DeJesus walked. Grudzielanek grounded into fielder's choice to second, DeJesus out at second. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Sizemore homered to right. Cabrera grounded out to first. Hafner struck out swinging. Martinez homered to right. Garko struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Brown singled to right. Gload reached on infield single to third, Brown to second. Pena grounded out to first, Brown to third, Gload to second. Gathright struck out swinging. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Buckner pitching for Royals. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Lofton doubled to left. Gutierrez walked. Blake grounded into double play, third to first, Lofton out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Laffey pitching for Indians. German grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus hit by pitch. Grudzielanek grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, DeJesus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Buckner pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to right. Hafner walked, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to left. Garko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hafner out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Brown singled to left center. Gload grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Buckner pitching for Royals. Peralta grounded out to third. Lofton doubled to left center. Gutierrez singled to center, Lofton to third. Blake singled to left, Lofton scored, Gutierrez to second. Sizemore popped out to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Pena reached on infield single to shortstop. Gathright grounded out to pitcher, Pena to second. LaRue struck out swinging. German singled to center, Pena scored. DeJesus singled to left, German to second. Grudzielanek singled to center, German scored, DeJesus to second. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grudzielanek out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Buckner pitching for Royals. Hafner singled to right. Martinez flied out to right. Garko flied out to right. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Brown singled to center. Gload grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Brown out at second. Pena struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Buckner pitching for Royals. Lofton grounded out to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Blake singled to right. Blake out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Sizemore batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Fultz pitching for Indians. Gathright grounded out to second. LaRue grounded out to third. German grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Braun pitching for Royals. Sizemore grounded out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Fultz pitching for Indians. DeJesus lined out to first. Grudzielanek singled to left. Butler fouled out to first. Lewis pitching for Indians. Brown singled to center, Grudzielanek to second. Gload flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Braun pitching for Royals. Martinez doubled to left. Garko flied out to center, Martinez to third. Peralta doubled to deep right center, Martinez scored. Lofton grounded out to shortstop, Peralta to third. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Costa hit for Pena. Costa grounded out to first. Gathright walked. LaRue struck out looking. Gathright to second on wild pitch by Mastny. Gathright to third on passed ball by Martinez. German walked. German to second on fielder's indifference. DeJesus doubled to deep left, Gathright and German scored. Grudzielanek popped out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 9 - Royals 4.	Sizemore, Martinez homer as Indians top Royals