White Sox - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Owens singled to center. Owens caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Podsednik singled to center. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko singled to left center, Podsednik to second. Erstad struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Sizemore grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hafner walked. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Pierzynski singled to center. Gonzalez singled to right, Pierzynski to second. Richar reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierzynski to third, Gonzalez to second. Uribe struck out swinging. Owens walked, Pierzynski scored, Gonzalez to third, Richar to second. Podsednik struck out looking. Thome singled to left center, Gonzalez and Richar scored, Owens to third. Konerko popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Garko lined out to pitcher. Peralta struck out swinging. Lofton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Erstad grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Richar batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Nixon walked. Blake struck out swinging. Nixon out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Sizemore walked. Cabrera walked, Sizemore to second. Hafner flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Richar grounded out to first. Uribe singled to center. Owens walked, Uribe to second. Podsednik grounded out to second, Uribe to third, Owens to second. Thome safe at first on error by second baseman Cabrera, Uribe scored, Owens to third. Konerko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Martinez grounded out to first. Garko walked. Peralta singled to right, Garko to second. Lofton reached on infield single to pitcher, Garko to third, Peralta to second. Nixon grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lofton out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Erstad reached on infield single to second. Pierzynski singled to left, Erstad to second. Gonzalez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Erstad out at third, Pierzynski to second. Richar singled to right, Pierzynski to third, Gonzalez to second. Uribe struck out swinging. Owens grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Blake struck out looking. Sizemore struck out looking. Cabrera singled to deep right, Cabrera out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Thome flied out to right. Podsednik stole second. Konerko walked. Erstad struck out swinging. Pierzynski singled to right, Podsednik scored, Konerko to second, Konerko to third advancing on throw. Gonzalez popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Hafner flied out to center. Martinez popped out to first. Garko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Richar grounded out to pitcher. Uribe struck out swinging. Owens singled to right. Owens stole second. Podsednik flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for White Sox. Peralta flied out to center. Lofton walked. Nixon singled to center, Lofton to second. Blake grounded out to first, Lofton to third, Nixon to second. Logan pitching for White Sox. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Thome popped out to shortstop. Konerko flied out to center. Erstad homered to right center. Pierzynski singled to left. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Cabrera grounded out to third. Hafner singled to center. Martinez walked, Hafner to second. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Garko grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Koplove pitching for Indians. Richar walked. Uribe singled to center, Richar to third. Owens singled to center, Richar scored, Uribe to third. Podsednik grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Uribe scored, Owens out at second. Thome flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Jenks pitching for White Sox. Peralta flied out to right. Lofton grounded out to third. Nixon safe at first on error by first baseman Konerko. Blake struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: White Sox 8 - Indians 0.	Pierzynski breaks loose as ChiSox blank Indians