Indians - Top 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Sizemore singled to center. Cabrera hit by pitch, Sizemore to second. Hafner doubled to center, Sizemore scored, Cabrera to third. Martinez doubled to deep right, Cabrera and Hafner scored. Garko hit by pitch. Peralta struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garko out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Tyner grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Hunter reached on infield single to second. Morneau walked, Hunter to second. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Blake singled to right center. Sizemore grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. Cabrera walked. Hafner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Kubel struck out swinging. Buscher singled to left. Heintz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Buscher out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Martinez singled to left. Garko grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. Peralta doubled to deep center. Gutierrez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Punto grounded out to second. Tyner reached on infield single to first. Rodriguez singled to right, Tyner to third. Hunter lined into double play, pitcher to first, Rodriguez out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Michaels singled to center. Blake doubled to deep center, Michaels to third. Sizemore grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hafner intentionally walked. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Kubel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Garko singled to center. Peralta struck out swinging. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Michaels singled to center, Garko to second. Blake singled to right, Garko thrown out at home, Michaels to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Buscher singled to right. Heintz struck out swinging. Punto singled to left, Buscher to second. Tyner singled to left, Buscher to third, Punto to second. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Buscher scored, Punto to third. Hunter singled to center, Punto scored, Tyner to third. Morneau grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out looking. Hafner singled to left center. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cuddyer walked. Kubel grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cuddyer out at second. Buscher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Garko flied out to right. Peralta struck out swinging. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Heintz struck out swinging. Punto grounded out to second. Tyner grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Michaels lined out to third. Blake struck out looking. Sizemore flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Rodriguez grounded out to first. Hunter hit by pitch. Perez pitching for Indians. Morneau flied out to left. Hunter stole second, Hunter to third on wild pitch by Perez. Cuddyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Cabrera reached on bunt single to third. Hafner walked, Cabrera to second. Neshek pitching for Twins. Martinez struck out swinging. Garko struck out looking. Peralta doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored, Hafner to third. Gutierrez walked. Lofton hit for Michaels. Lofton singled to center, Hafner and Peralta scored, Gutierrez to third. Blake flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Gutierrez in right field. Lofton in left field. White hit for Kubel. Perez pitching for Indians. White safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Garko. Bartlett hit for Buscher. Bartlett grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, White out at second. Heintz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Indians 6 - Twins 2.	Carmona, Tribe complete another sweep of Twins