Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Angels. Inciarte grounded out to first. Pollock struck out looking. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right. Peralta grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pennington in left field. Peralta in right field. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Aybar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Trout struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Tomás popped out to first. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese lined out to center. Calhoun flied out to left. Giavotella flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Angels. Castillo walked. Ahmed flied out to right. Pennington fouled out to catcher. Pollock walked, Castillo to second. Goldschmidt homered to center (412 feet), Castillo and Pollock scored. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Pérez lined out to left. Kubitza struck out looking. Robertson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Tomás popped out to catcher. Lamb reached on infield single to shortstop. Lamb stole second. Owings lined out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Aybar flied out to center. Trout walked. Pujols grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Ahmed doubled to center. Pennington sacrificed to catcher, Ahmed to third. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese grounded out to third. Calhoun flied out to center. Giavotella struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Peralta flied out to center. Tomás homered to left center (398 feet). Lamb flied out to center. Owings flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Pérez fouled out to first. Kubitza popped out to first. Robertson singled to shallow right center. Aybar singled to left, Aybar tagged out at second, Robertson to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Angels. Castillo flied out to center. Ahmed flied out to left. Pennington singled to shallow right center. Pollock singled to left, Pennington to second. Goldschmidt singled to left, Pennington tagged out at home, Pollock to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols walked. Freese flied out to right. Calhoun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Angels. Peralta struck out swinging. Tomás struck out swinging. Lamb flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Giavotella walked. Pérez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giavotella out at second. Kubitza singled to shallow center. Iannetta hit for Joyce. Iannetta safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Lamb, Kubitza to third. Featherston ran for Iannetta. Aybar walked. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Kubitza scored, Featherston to third, Aybar to second on wild pitch by Reed. Trout doubled to deep center, Featherston and Aybar scored. Pujols lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Angels. Owings doubled to deep left center. Castillo flied out to center. Ahmed singled to left, Owings to third. Pennington reached on bunt single to second, Owings scored, Ahmed to second, Ahmed to third on throwing error by first baseman Pujols. Pollock hit sacrifice fly to right, Ahmed scored, Pennington to second. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Peralta walked, Pennington to third, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese flied out to center. Calhoun grounded out to second. Giavotella grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Angels 3.	Ray dominates Angels in D-backs' 7-3 win