Angels - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Mariners. Giavotella struck out looking. Calhoun grounded out to second. Trout singled to right. Pujols fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Heaney pitching for Angels. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Canó grounded out to third. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Aybar singled to center. Freese hit ground rule double to deep left, Aybar to third. Cron struck out swinging. Joyce safe at first on error by second baseman Canó, Aybar scored, Freese to third. Freese scored, Joyce to second on wild pitch by Walker. Iannetta struck out swinging. Giavotella grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Seager doubled to deep right. Trumbo struck out swinging. Montero walked. Seager to third, Montero to second on wild pitch by Heaney. Morrison struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout reached on infield single to shortstop. Pujols flied out to center. Aybar doubled to left, Trout to third, Trout scored, Aybar to third on throwing error by left fielder Trumbo.Aybar out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Miller singled to right center. Jackson flied out to center. Canó lined into double play, to first, Miller doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Freese struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to second. Joyce grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Cruz flied out to left. Seager singled to right. Trumbo lined out to center. Montero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Seager out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Iannetta struck out swinging. Giavotella lined out to shortstop. Calhoun struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Morrison grounded out to second. Zunino struck out swinging. Miller singled to center. Jackson singled to left, Miller to second. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Trout hit by pitch. Pujols singled to center, Trout to second. Aybar sacrificed to catcher, Trout to third, Pujols to second, Aybar safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Walker. Trout scored, Pujols to third on throwing error by pitcher Walker. Freese doubled to deep right center, Pujols and Aybar scored. Rollins pitching for Mariners. Cron singled to right, Freese to third. Robertson hit for Joyce. Robertson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese scored, Cron out at second. Iannetta homered to left (367 feet), Robertson scored. Giavotella singled to center. Calhoun walked, Giavotella to second. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Trout flied out to center. Pujols popped out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Robertson in left field. Heaney pitching for Angels. Cruz struck out looking. Seager flied out to center. Trumbo lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Ackley in left field. Trumbo in right field. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop. Freese struck out swinging. Cron singled to right, Aybar to second. Robertson popped out to first. Iannetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Montero flied out to left. Morrison popped out to shortstop. Zunino flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Rodney pitching for Mariners. Giavotella doubled to deep right center. Calhoun grounded out to first, Giavotella to third. Trout grounded out to second, Giavotella scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Pérez at first base. Featherston at shortstop. Gott pitching for Angels. Miller lined out to center. Jackson singled to right. Canó singled to center, Jackson to third. Ackley grounded out to first, Jackson scored, Canó to second. Seager singled to right, Canó scored. Taylor ran for Seager. Trumbo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Taylor at third base. Smith pitching for Mariners. Featherston struck out swinging. Freese struck out swinging. Cron hit ground rule double to deep right. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Smith hit for Montero. Smith homered to right (408 feet). Morrison struck out swinging. Zunino grounded out to second. Miller lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Mariners 3.	Angels move into 1st place in AL West, beat Seattle 10-3