Twins - Top 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Dozier struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Giavotella singled to center. Calhoun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giavotella out at second. Trout flied out to right. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Sanó struck out looking. Plouffe lined out to shortstop. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Aybar singled to right. Freese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. Iannetta homered to left (370 feet). Joyce flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Hicks singled to left. Fryer struck out looking. Santana singled to left, Hicks to second. Hicks stole third, Santana stole second. Dozier singled to center, Hicks and Santana scored. Hunter struck out swinging. Mauer singled to left, Dozier to second. Sanó grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dozier out at third, Mauer to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Robertson singled to left. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robertson safe at second on error by shortstop Santana. Calhoun singled to deep right, Robertson scored, Giavotella to third. Trout grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giavotella scored, Calhoun out at second. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Plouffe lined out to center. Rosario fouled out to catcher. Hicks singled to center. Fryer walked, Hicks to second. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Aybar grounded out to first. Freese hit by pitch. Featherston ran for Freese. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Featherston out at second. Joyce walked, Iannetta to second. Robertson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Featherston at third base. Wilson pitching for Angels. Dozier struck out swinging. Hunter singled to center. Mauer safe at first on error by first baseman Pujols, Hunter to second. Sanó lined out to center, Hunter to third. Plouffe walked, Mauer to second. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Plouffe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Giavotella tripled to deep center. Calhoun singled to right center, Giavotella scored. Trout lined out to center. Pujols fouled out to first. Aybar flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Salas pitching for Angels. Hicks flied out to left. Fryer struck out looking. Santana singled to center. Dozier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Featherston reached on infield single to shortstop. Iannetta singled to left, Featherston to second. Featherston picked off second. Joyce struck out swinging. Robertson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Trout in center field. Gott pitching for Angels. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Mauer singled to left. Sanó walked, Mauer to second. Plouffe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. May pitching for Twins. Giavotella singled to left center. Calhoun singled to center, Giavotella to second. Trout flied out to right. Pujols doubled to center, Giavotella scored, Calhoun to third. Aybar intentionally walked. Featherston flew out to left, Calhoun thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Angels. Rosario doubled to deep left. Hicks grounded out to first, Rosario to third. Fryer struck out swinging. Santana walked. Dozier grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. May pitching for Twins. Iannetta struck out looking. Joyce grounded out to first. Cron hit for Smith. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Street pitching for Angels. Hunter lined out to right. Mauer flied out to left. Sanó walked. Plouffe bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 2 - Angels 5.	Angels win 7th straight as Street saves 300th