Angels - Top 1st. McHugh pitching for Astros. Giavotella walked. Gillaspie doubled to deep left, Giavotella scored. Calhoun grounded out to first, Gillaspie to third. Pujols walked. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gillaspie scored, Pujols out at second. Cron walked, Aybar to second. Iannetta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Altuve struck out looking. González flied out to center. Correa homered to right (368 feet). Gattis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Victorino reached on bunt single to pitcher. Robertson grounded out to shortstop, Victorino to second. Giavotella singled to right. Gillaspie singled to left, Victorino scored, Giavotella to third. Calhoun popped out to third. Pujols singled to left, Giavotella scored, Gillaspie to second. Aybar flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Wilson pitching for Angels. Valbuena hit by pitch. Carter homered to center (431 feet), Valbuena scored. Conger hit by pitch. Rasmus struck out swinging. Marisnick grounded out to third, Conger to second. Altuve singled to shallow left, Conger scored, Altuve out stretching at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. McHugh pitching for Astros. Cron struck out swinging. Iannetta homered to left (353 feet). Victorino grounded out to third. Robertson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Wilson pitching for Angels. González walked. Correa walked, González to second. Gattis flied out to center, González to third. Valbuena lined into double play, to first, Correa doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Giavotella flied out to center. Gillaspie grounded out to second. Calhoun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Wilson pitching for Angels. Carter struck out looking. Conger singled to left. Rasmus flied out to right. Marisnick walked, Conger to second. Altuve singled to center, Conger and Marisnick scored, Altuve thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. McHugh pitching for Astros. Pujols grounded out to third. Aybar singled to shallow center. Cron fouled out to first. Aybar stole second. Iannetta walked. Victorino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Wilson pitching for Angels. González singled to left. Morin pitching for Angels. Correa singled to shallow right center, González to second, González to third on error by second baseman Giavotella. Gattis struck out swinging. Valbuena popped out to third. Carter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Fields pitching for Astros. Robertson lined out to center. Giavotella popped out to third. Gillaspie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Morin pitching for Angels. Conger doubled to deep left center. Rasmus doubled to deep left center, Conger scored. Rasmus to third on passed ball by Iannetta. Marisnick reached on infield single to first. Marisnick stole second. Altuve doubled to deep left center, Rasmus and Marisnick scored. Salas pitching for Angels. González sacrificed to pitcher, Altuve to third. Correa struck out looking. Gattis tripled to deep left center, Altuve scored. Valbuena struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Tucker in left field. Harris pitching for Astros. Calhoun singled to left. Pujols struck out swinging. Aybar flied out to center. Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Harris. Cron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Angels. Carter flied out to center. Conger struck out swinging. Rasmus singled to right. Marisnick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Iannetta grounded out to third. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. Robertson reached on infield single to second. Giavotella grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robertson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Ramos pitching for Angels. Altuve grounded out to second. González walked. Correa singled to right, González to second. Tucker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Correa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Sipp pitching for Astros. Gillaspie grounded out to first. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Astros 10.	Altuve's career-best 5 RBIs lead Astros over Angels 10-5