Astros - Top 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Bourn grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out swinging . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Gomez singled to right . Braun lined into double play , right to first , Gomez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Lee lined out to right . Wallace struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Fielder walked . McGehee walked , Fielder to second . Kotsay singled to left , Fielder to third , McGehee to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder scored , Kotsay out at second , McGehee to third . Gallardo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Hall tripled to deep center . Quintero hit by pitch . Figueroa sacrificed to pitcher , Quintero to second . Bourn singled to center , Hall scored , Quintero to third . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Quintero scored . Bourn stole second . Pence grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Weeks walked . Gomez reached on bunt single to catcher , Weeks to second . Braun homered to left center ( 391 feet ) , Weeks and Gomez scored . Fielder flied out to center . McGehee singled to right . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McGehee out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Lee fouled out to catcher . Wallace singled to left . Johnson struck out looking . Hall walked , Wallace to second . Quintero singled to center , Wallace scored , Hall to third . Figueroa grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Betancourt flied out to center . Lucroy grounded out to second . Gallardo homered to left center ( 388 feet ) . Weeks walked . Gomez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Bourn hit ground rule double to left . Sanchez singled to right , Bourn to third . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bourn scored , Sanchez out at second . Lee popped out to first . Wallace reached on infield single to second , Pence to second . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Braun walked . Abad pitching for Astros . Downs at third base . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Braun out at second . McGehee singled to center , Fielder to second . Kotsay lined out to second , Fielder to third , McGehee to second on throwing error by second baseman Hall . Betancourt singled to left , Fielder and McGehee scored , Betancourt to second on error by left fielder Lee . Valdez pitching for Astros . Lucroy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Hall struck out swinging . Quintero singled to right . Downs flied out to right . Quintero to second on wild pitch by Gallardo . Bourn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Valdez pitching for Astros . Gallardo struck out looking . Weeks hit by pitch . Weeks stole second . Gomez walked . Braun singled to right , Gomez out at third , Weeks to third , Braun to second advancing on throw . Fielder intentionally walked . McGehee doubled to left , Weeks and Braun scored , Fielder to third . Kotsay singled to center , Fielder and McGehee scored . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotsay out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Counsell at second base . Green pitching for Brewers . Sanchez reached on infield single to third . Pence grounded out to second , Sanchez to second . Lee doubled to deep right , Sanchez scored . Wallace singled to right center , Lee scored . Inglett hit for Fulchino . Inglett struck out swinging . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wallace out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Inglett at second base . Del Rosario pitching for Astros . Lucroy singled to left center . Boggs hit for Green . Boggs struck out looking . Counsell singled to right center , Lucroy to second . Gomez homered to left center ( 389 feet ) , Lucroy and Counsell scored . Braun singled to right . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Braun out at second . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Hawkins pitching for Brewers . Boggs in left field . Quintero singled to center . Downs flied out to center . Bourn reached on infield single to second , Quintero to second . Sanchez flied out to right , Quintero to third . Pence singled to right , Quintero scored , Bourn to second . Lee grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Melancon pitching for Astros . Bourgeois in left field . Kotsay singled to right . Betancourt doubled to deep right center , Kotsay to third . Lucroy lined out to right . Boggs lined out to second . Counsell walked . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Almonte at first base . Wallace struck out swinging . Inglett grounded out to first . Bourgeois grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Brewers 14 .	Braun powers Gallardo , Brewers past Astros