Brewers - Top 1st . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . Morgan flied out to center . Braun doubled to deep right center . Fielder doubled to left , Braun scored . Hart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Helton flied out to center . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right . Smith grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . McGehee grounded out to third . Betancourt reached on infield single to second . Lucroy struck out swinging , Betancourt stole second . Gallardo doubled to deep right center , Betancourt scored . Weeks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Wigginton reached on infield single to second . Stewart grounded out to third , Wigginton to second . Iannetta grounded out to first , Wigginton to third . Jimenez singled to shallow center , Wigginton scored . Spilborghs grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jimenez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Morgan singled to right , Morgan to second on error by right fielder Smith . Braun lined out to center . Fielder intentionally walked . Hart grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Ellis grounded out to third . Helton singled to right . Tulowitzki popped out to second . Smith singled to right center , Helton to second . Wigginton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . McGehee struck out looking . Betancourt flied out to right . Lucroy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Brewers . Stewart doubled to right center . Iannetta singled to right center , Stewart scored , Iannetta to second advancing on throw . Jimenez sacrificed to pitcher , Iannetta to third . Spilborghs singled to center , Iannetta scored . Spilborghs stole second . Ellis singled to shallow center , Spilborghs scored . Helton struck out looking . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left center , Ellis scored . Smith safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder , Tulowitzki to third . Wigginton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Gallardo grounded out to shortstop . Weeks walked . Morgan lined into double play , to first , Weeks doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Stewart struck out swinging . Iannetta flied out to right . Jimenez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Rockies . Braun singled to right center . Fielder flied out to right . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Braun out at second . McGehee grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs singled to left . Ellis doubled to center , Spilborghs scored . Helton flied out to left . Ellis to third on balk by Estrada . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Betancourt doubled to deep right . Lucroy struck out looking . Kotsay hit for Estrada . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Betancourt out at third . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Braddock pitching for Brewers . Wigginton singled to right . Stewart hit ground rule double to deep left , Wigginton to third . Iannetta walked . Garner hit for Belisle . Garner walked , Wigginton scored , Stewart to third , Iannetta to second . Loe pitching for Brewers . Spilborghs doubled to right , Stewart and Iannetta scored , Garner to third . Ellis grounded out to second , Garner scored , Spilborghs to third . Helton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Spilborghs out at home . Tulowitzki grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Helton out at third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Herrera at shortstop . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Wigginton at first base . Garner in left field . Morgan struck out swinging . Braun flied out to center . Gomez hit for Fielder . Gomez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Jo Wilson at third base . Morgan in left field . Hawkins pitching for Brewers . Gomez in center field . McGehee at first base . Counsell at second base . Smith flied out to center . Wigginton singled to center . Stewart singled to right , Wigginton to second . Iannetta singled to right , Wigginton to third , Stewart to second . Garner reached on infield single to shortstop , Wigginton scored , Stewart to third , Iannetta to second . Spilborghs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Garner out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Stults pitching for Rockies . Hart homered to right ( 392 feet ) . McGehee flied out to left . Betancourt popped out to second . Lucroy flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Rockies 12 .	Spilborghs ' 4 hits help Rockies whip Brewers