Rangers - Top 1st. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Kinsler grounded out to second. Murphy grounded out to second. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Markakis fouled out to third. Machado singled to right. Jones singled to left, Machado to third. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Beltre hit by pitch. Pierzynski grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hardy singled to left. McLouth sacrificed to pitcher, Hardy to second. Roberts flied out to center. Casilla lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Andrus singled to right. Beltre grounded out to second, Andrus to second. Martin grounded out to second, Andrus to third. Kinsler singled to left, Andrus scored. Kinsler caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Murphy batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Markakis singled to center. Machado singled to right, Markakis to second. Jones popped out to third. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Murphy flied out to center. Cruz singled to right. Beltre doubled to deep center, Cruz to third. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Moreland singled to center, Cruz scored, Beltre to third, Pierzynski to second. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hardy walked. McLouth doubled to deep right, Hardy to third. Roberts safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Moreland, Hardy and McLouth scored. Casilla sacrificed to pitcher, Roberts to third. Markakis grounded out to second. Machado singled to left, Roberts scored. Jones singled to center, Machado to second. Davis walked, Machado to third, Jones to second. Wieters struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Beltre grounded out to third. Martin struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Hardy flied out to right. McLouth lined out to center. Roberts lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Orioles. Murphy singled to center. Cruz lined out to center. Beltre singled to left, Murphy to second. Pierzynski doubled to deep left, Murphy scored, Beltre to third. Moreland intentionally walked. Andrus singled to left, Beltre scored, Pierzynski to third, Moreland to second. Patton pitching for Orioles. Beltre singled to right, Pierzynski scored, Moreland to third, Andrus to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Moreland out at home, Andrus to third, Beltre to second. Kinsler doubled to deep left, Andrus, Beltre and Martin scored. Murphy grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Casilla flied out to center. Markakis grounded out to second. Machado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Cruz walked. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cruz out at second. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Jones struck out swinging, Jones safe at first on passed ball by Pierzynski. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters homered to right (400 feet), Jones scored. Hardy singled to right. McLouth lined out to left. Roberts walked, Hardy to second. Wolf pitching for Rangers. Flaherty hit for Casilla. Flaherty grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Flaherty at second base. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Moreland flied out to left. Andrus popped out to second. Beltre lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Machado struck out swinging. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Martin grounded out to first. Kinsler grounded out to second. Murphy doubled to deep center. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters struck out swinging. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Orioles 5.	Six-run 6th propels Rangers by O's