Orioles - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. McLouth singled to left center. Machado popped out to second. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to first, McLouth out at second. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Kinsler grounded out to second. Gentry flied out to right. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Davis doubled to deep left. Wieters singled to center, Davis scored. Wieters to second on wild pitch by Perez. Hardy reached on infield single to shortstop. Valencia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wieters to third, Hardy safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus. Roberts singled to right, Wieters scored, Hardy to third, Valencia to second. McLouth struck out swinging. Machado struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Beltre fouled out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to second. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Jones grounded out to third. Davis flied out to left. Wieters doubled to left. Hardy doubled to deep right center, Wieters scored. Valencia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Andrus walked. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andrus out at second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second. Kinsler doubled to deep right, Martin to third. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Roberts doubled to deep left. McLouth sacrificed to pitcher, Roberts to third. Machado singled to center, Roberts scored. Machado caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Cruz struck out swinging. Beltre flied out to right. Pierzynski grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Jones flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Moreland lined out to center. Andrus singled to right. Murphy singled to left center, Andrus to second. Martin grounded out to catcher, Andrus to third, Murphy to second. Kinsler singled to right, Andrus scored, Murphy to third, Murphy thrown out at home attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Hardy lined out to third. Valencia struck out swinging. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Gentry doubled to deep left. Cruz struck out swinging. Beltre lined out to right. Pierzynski lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. McLouth popped out to shortstop. Machado walked. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Markakis walked, Machado to second. Jones struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Moreland grounded out to third. Andrus walked. Murphy lined into double play, third to first, Andrus doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Wieters walked. Hardy flied out to left. Urrutia hit for Valencia. Urrutia grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wieters out at second. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Martin struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out looking. Gentry walked. Cruz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Burns pitching for Rangers. McLouth reached on infield single to second. Machado flied out to left. Markakis safe at first on error by pitcher Burns, McLouth to second. Jones flied out to center, McLouth to third, Markakis to second. Davis intentionally walked. Wieters popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Beltre homered to center (440 feet). Matusz pitching for Orioles. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Profar hit for Moreland. Profar walked. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Profar out at second. Murphy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Rangers 2.	Tillman, O's finish sweep of sliding Rangers