Rangers - Top 1st. Kluber pitching for Indians. Kinsler lined out to center. Beltre lined out to third. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Bourn lined out to left. Swisher homered to left center (392 feet). Kipnis struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Santana grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Beltre grounded out to third. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Baker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Brantley reached on infield single to first. Aviles singled to center, Brantley to second. Brantley to third, Aviles to second on wild pitch by Perez. Brantley scored, Aviles to third on wild pitch by Perez. Stubbs walked. Bourn grounded out to second, Aviles scored, Stubbs to second. Swisher struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Kluber pitching for Indians. Moreland walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moreland safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Kluber. Martin hit sacrifice fly to left, Moreland scored, Andrus to third on error by catcher Santana. Kinsler popped out to second. Beltre lined out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Kipnis lined out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cruz grounded out to third. Beltre singled to left center. Pierzynski lined out to center. Baker reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltre to second. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Raburn singled to left. Brantley walked, Raburn to second. Aviles singled to left, Raburn to third, Brantley to second. Stubbs singled to right center, Raburn and Brantley scored, Aviles to second, Aviles to third, Stubbs to second on error by right fielder Cruz. Bourn singled to center, Aviles and Stubbs scored. Wolf pitching for Rangers. Bourn caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Swisher struck out swinging. Kipnis safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Kipnis to third on wild pitch by Wolf. Cabrera flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Andrus struck out swinging. Martin doubled to deep left. Kinsler singled to center, Martin scored. Beltre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kinsler out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Rangers. Santana walked. Raburn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana out at second. Brantley singled to center. Aviles singled to left, Brantley to second. Stubbs flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Kluber pitching for Indians. Cruz homered to left (382 feet). Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierzynski singled to deep right, Beltre to third. Baker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltre scored, Pierzynski out at second. Moreland struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Wolf pitching for Rangers. Bourn grounded out to second. Swisher singled to right. Kipnis singled to left center, Swisher to second. Cabrera singled to center, Swisher scored, Kipnis to second, Kipnis to third, Cabrera to second on throwing error by center fielder Martin. Santana grounded out to second. Raburn lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Allen pitching for Indians. Andrus singled to left. Martin singled to shallow left, Andrus to second. Andrus stole third, Martin stole second. Kinsler hit sacrifice fly to center, Andrus scored, Martin to third. Beltre singled to left, Martin scored, Beltre out stretching at second. Cruz walked. Beltre singled to left, Cruz to second. Hill pitching for Indians. Pierzynski lined out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ross pitching for Rangers. Brantley singled to left center. Aviles struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Brantley out at second. Bourn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Murphy hit for Baker. Murphy singled to center. Moreland flied out to left. Andrus hit by pitch, Murphy to second. Martin sacrificed to pitcher, Murphy to third, Andrus to second. Kinsler singled to right, Murphy and Andrus scored, Kinsler to second advancing on throw. Beltre grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Swisher grounded out to first. Kipnis doubled to left. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Soria pitching for Rangers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Santana walked. Raburn grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kipnis out at third, Santana to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Cruz grounded out to first. Beltre grounded out to third. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Brantley lined out to first. Aviles lined out to center. Stubbs lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 10th. Perez pitching for Indians. Murphy grounded out to third. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 10th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Bourn grounded out to second. Swisher struck out swinging. Kipnis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 11th. Shaw pitching for Indians. Martin reached on bunt single to first. Kinsler lined out to center. Beltre struck out swinging, Martin to third on wild pitch by Shaw. Cruz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 11th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Santana singled to left, Cabrera to second. Raburn homered to left (373 feet), Cabrera and Santana scored. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Indians 11.	Raburn's 3-run HR gives Tribe 7th walk-off win