Mariners - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Miller doubled to right. Seager singled to right, Miller scored. Morales grounded out to pitcher, Seager to second. Seager picked off second. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Martin flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to catcher. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ibanez struck out swinging. Smoak popped out to first. Ackley singled to center. Ackley stole second. Ryan singled to left, Ackley scored. Ryan to second on passed ball by Soto. Blanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Beltre singled to center. Rios singled to center, Beltre to second. Moreland walked, Beltre to third, Rios to second. Soto struck out looking. Profar singled to center, Beltre scored, Rios to third, Moreland to second. Murphy doubled to deep center, Rios and Moreland scored, Profar to third. Martin sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Profar scored, Murphy to third. Andrus singled to right, Murphy scored, Martin to third. Andrus stole second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Beltre grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Miller flied out to center. Seager homered to right (412 feet). Morales grounded out to third. Morse flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Rios flied out to center. Moreland popped out to third. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ibanez doubled to left. Smoak popped out to shortstop. Ackley grounded out to second, Ibanez to third. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Profar walked. Murphy lined out to left. Martin flied out to center. Andrus lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Blanco walked. Miller flied out to center. Seager struck out swinging. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler walked. Kinsler caught stealing second, catcher to second. Beltre walked. Rios struck out swinging. Moreland walked, Beltre to second. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Morse popped out to second. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Luetge pitching for Mariners. Profar safe at first on error by shortstop Ryan. Murphy singled to right, Profar to second. Profar stole third. Martin hit by pitch, Murphy to second. Capps pitching for Mariners. Andrus lined out to second. Kinsler popped out to second. Beltre lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Ackley singled to center. Ryan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ackley out at second. Blanco lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Capps pitching for Mariners. Rios grounded out to third. Moreland singled to right. Soto walked, Moreland to second. Moreland to third, Soto to second on wild pitch by Capps. Profar lined out to center. Perez pitching for Mariners. Gentry hit for Murphy. Gentry doubled to deep left, Moreland and Soto scored. Martin grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Gentry in left field. Perez pitching for Rangers. Miller singled to center. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Seager lined out to left. Morales struck out looking. Morse flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Perez pitching for Mariners. Andrus walked. Kinsler singled to right, Andrus to third. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop, Andrus scored, Kinsler to second. Rios reached on infield single to third, Kinsler to third, Beltre to second. Moreland walked, Kinsler scored, Beltre to third, Rios to second. Soto struck out looking. Profar reached on infield single to shortstop, Beltre scored, Rios to third, Moreland to second. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rios scored, Moreland to third, Profar to second. Martin singled to right, Moreland scored, Profar to third, Gentry to second. Rosales hit for Andrus. Rosales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Profar and Gentry scored on throwing error by shortstop Ryan, Martin safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Ryan. Kinsler doubled to deep left, Martin scored, Rosales to third. Baker hit for Beltre. Baker struck out looking. Rios lined out to second. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Rosales at shortstop. Baker at third base. Wolf pitching for Rangers. Ibanez grounded out to second. Smoak singled to left center. Ackley singled to left, Smoak to second. Ryan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ackley out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rangers 15.	Profar, Rangers thump King Felix, M's