Angels - Top 1st. Garza pitching for Rangers. Shuck singled to right. Aybar singled to center, Shuck to third. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to second, Shuck scored, Aybar out at second. Hamilton singled to left, Trout to second. Kendrick grounded out to first, Trout to third, Hamilton to second. Calhoun fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Angels. Kinsler singled to center. Andrus singled to left, Kinsler to second. Rios fouled out to first. Beltre singled to left, Kinsler scored, Andrus to second. Pierzynski singled to deep right, Andrus scored, Beltre to third. Moreland hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltre scored, Pierzynski out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Garza pitching for Rangers. Trumbo lined out to right. Iannetta grounded out to shortstop. Romine safe at first on error by first baseman Moreland. Shuck singled to right, Romine to second. Aybar reached on fielding error by second baseman Kinsler, Romine scores, Shuck to 3rd, Aybar to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler. Trout reached on infield single to third, Shuck scored, Aybar scored, Trout to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Hamilton intentionally walked. Kendrick struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 4 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Angels. Gentry reached on infield single to third. Murphy grounded out to shortstop, Gentry to second. Martin popped out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Garza pitching for Rangers. Calhoun flied out to left. Trumbo singled to center. Iannetta singled to left, Trumbo to second. Romine struck out swinging. Shuck grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Angels. Andrus grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Garza pitching for Rangers. Aybar fouled out to shortstop. Trout flied out to right. Hamilton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Angels. Pierzynski singled to center. Moreland lined out to right. Gentry singled to left, Pierzynski to third. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gentry out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Garza pitching for Rangers. Kendrick singled to left. Calhoun singled to center, Kendrick to second. Trumbo singled to left, Kendrick thrown out at home, Calhoun to second. Iannetta walked, Calhoun to third, Trumbo to second. Romine lined out to right. Shuck lined out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Cowgill in left field. Williams pitching for Angels. Martin singled to center. Kinsler singled to left, Martin to second. Andrus sacrificed to third, Martin to third, Kinsler to second, Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Romine. Martin to third on error by third baseman Romine. Rios struck out swinging. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Garza pitching for Rangers. Aybar struck out looking. Trout singled to right. Ross pitching for Rangers. Hamilton lined out to left. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Boshers pitching for Angels. Pierzynski flied out to left. Moreland struck out swinging. Gentry reached on single to shortstop. Baker hit for Murphy. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Gentry stole second. Baker walked. Rosales ran for Baker. Martin doubled to deep right center, Gentry and Rosales scored. Kinsler lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Calhoun tripled to deep right center. Trumbo singled to center, Calhoun scored. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trumbo out at second. Romine grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Gutierrez pitching for Angels. Andrus grounded out to second. Rios flied out to right. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Cowgill grounded out to third. Aybar grounded out to pitcher. Trout flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Pierzynski flied out to left. Moreland struck out swinging. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Hamilton walked. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Nathan. Kendrick grounded out to first, Hamilton to third. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Kohn pitching for Angels. Profar hit for Rosales. Profar homered to right (373 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Rangers 6.	Rangers win, keep pace in WC chase