Angels - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Rangers. Aybar doubled to deep center. Cowgill grounded out to shortstop, Aybar to third. Trout hit sacrifice fly to center, Aybar scored. Kendrick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Kinsler singled to left. Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Richards. Andrus sacrificed to catcher, Kinsler to third. Rios safe at first on error by third baseman Romine, Kinsler scored. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop, Rios to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Moreland lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Trumbo singled to center. Calhoun singled to right, Trumbo to second. Iannetta flied out to center, Trumbo to third. Green struck out swinging. Romine lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Gentry doubled to center. Murphy walked. Martin sacrificed to pitcher, Gentry to third, Murphy to second. Kinsler safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Richards, Gentry scored. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to third, Kinsler to second, Murphy scored, Kinsler to third, Andrus to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Rios hit sacrifice fly to center, Kinsler scored, Andrus to third. Andrus scored on Richards' wild pitch. Beltre grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Rangers. Aybar doubled to deep left center. Cowgill singled to center, Aybar to third. Trout hit sacrifice fly to left, Aybar scored. Kendrick lined out to center. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Pierzynski grounded out to first. Moreland grounded out to second. Gentry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Calhoun grounded out to second. Iannetta lined out to center. Green struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Murphy singled to right, Murphy to second on error by right fielder Calhoun. Martin sacrificed to third, Murphy to third. Kinsler fouled out to first. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Rangers. Romine singled to center. Aybar doubled to deep left center, Romine to third. Cowgill grounded out to shortstop, Romine scored. Trout struck out looking. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Aybar scored. Soria pitching for Rangers. Trumbo struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Rios doubled to deep left. Beltre grounded out to pitcher, Rios to third. Boshers pitching for Angels. Pierzynski singled to center, Rios scored, Pierzynski to second on error by left fielder Cowgill. Moreland singled to right center, Pierzynski to third. Coello pitching for Angels. Gentry reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pierzynski scored, Moreland to second. Murphy flied out to right, Moreland to third. Gentry stole second. Martin struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Calhoun grounded out to first. Iannetta walked. Green struck out swinging. Romine walked, Iannetta to second. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hanson pitching for Angels. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus lined out to shortstop. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Rangers. Cowgill struck out swinging. Trout walked. Kendrick flied out to center. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hanson pitching for Angels. Beltre flied out to center. Pierzynski flied out to right. Moreland walked. Gentry fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Calhoun grounded out to second. Shuck hit for Iannetta. Shuck flied out to right. Conger hit for Green. Conger grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Field at second base. Shuck in left field. Conger catching. Hanson pitching for Angels. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Martin singled to left. Martin stole second. Kinsler popped out to second. Andrus flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Rangers. Romine struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to second. Hamilton hit for Field. Hamilton doubled to right. Trout walked. Kendrick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Rangers 7.	Texas keeps hopes alive with victory