Phillies - Top 1st . Fedde pitching for Nationals . McCutchen safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Garcia . McCutchen stole second . Hoskins walked . Harper grounded into double play , second to third to first , Hoskins out at second , McCutchen to third . Realmuto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Turner homered to right center ( 422 feet ) . Eaton lined out to center . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Segura singled to center . Bohm grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Segura out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Garcia doubled to left . Garcia to third on wild pitch by Arrieta . Thames walked . Kieboom grounded into double play , third to second to first , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Quinn grounded out to second . Kingery doubled to deep left center . McCutchen singled to center , Kingery scored . Hoskins singled to left , McCutchen to second . Harper flied out to left . Hoskins to second on wild pitch by Fedde , McCutchen to third on wild pitch by Fedde . Realmuto homered to right ( 355 feet ) , McCutchen scored and Hoskins scored . Gregorius grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Robles flied out to center . Turner struck out swinging . Eaton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Fedde pitching for Nationals . Segura flied out to right . Bohm flied out to right . Quinn singled to right center . Quinn stole second . Kingery struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Soto grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to deep right center . Suzuki grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Fedde pitching for Nationals . McCutchen flied out to center . Hoskins grounded out to third . Harper singled to left . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Phillies . Garcia grounded out to first . Thames safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Kingery . Kieboom grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 6th . Guerra pitching for Nationals . Gregorius fouled out to shortstop . Segura singled to deep center . Bohm lined into double play , center to first , Segura doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Hembree pitching for Phillies . Robles struck out looking . Turner grounded out to second . Eaton homered to ( 397 feet ) . Soto walked . Hunter pitching for Phillies . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Suero pitching for Nationals . Quinn reached on bunt single to pitcher . Quinn stole second . Quinn to third on wild pitch by Suero . Kingery flied out to right . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Quinn scored . McCutchen stole second . Hoskins fouled out to catcher . Harper walked . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Realmuto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Hunter pitching for Phillies . Suzuki singled to center . Garcia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suzuki out at second . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rainey pitching for Nationals . Gregorius doubled to deep left center . Segura lined out to shortstop . Bohm singled to center , Gregorius scored . Quinn grounded out to first , Bohm to second . Kingery popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Kieboom flied out to center . Robles singled to right . Turner flied out to right . Eaton singled to center , Robles to third . Morgan pitching for Phillies . Soto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Finnegan pitching for Nationals . McCutchen walked . McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Finnegan . Hoskins struck out swinging . Harper walked . Realmuto struck out swinging , Harper to second on wild pitch by Finnegan , McCutchen to third on wild pitch by Finnegan . Gregorius walked . Segura singled to right , Harper scored and McCutchen scored , Gregorius to third . Bacus pitching for Nationals . Bohm flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Haseley in left field . Parker pitching for Phillies . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera to second , Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Segura . Suzuki flied out to right . Garcia struck out swinging . Cabrera to third on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera scored on error , Thames safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Hoskins , Thames safe at second on error . Kieboom grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Final score : Phillies 8 - Nationals 3 .	Realmuto 's 3 - run blast lifts Phillies over Nationals , 8 - 3