Twins - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Kepler homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Donaldson walked . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Donaldson out at second . Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop , Polanco to second . Cruz to second on wild pitch by Giolito , Polanco to third on wild pitch by Giolito . Rosario walked . Garver hit sacrifice fly to right , Polanco scored , Rosario to second , Cruz to third . Cave singled to center , Cruz scored and Rosario scored . Sanó struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Berrios pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to left . Moncada doubled to left , Anderson to third . Abreu grounded out to second , Anderson scored , Moncada to third . Grandal grounded out to second . Encarnación lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Arraez grounded out to first . Kepler homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Donaldson grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Jiménez singled to left . Robert singled to shallow left , Jiménez to second . Delmonico grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Robert out at second , Jiménez to third . Jiménez scored on Berríos wild pitch . García walked . Anderson singled to left , García to second . Moncada homered to right ( 435 feet ) , García scored and Anderson scored . Abreu fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cruz struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . Garver lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Berrios pitching for Twins . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación grounded out to catcher . Jiménez doubled to left . Robert lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cave singled to shallow center . Sanó grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cave out at second . Arraez singled to right , Sanó to second . Kepler popped out to shortstop . Donaldson walked , Arraez to second , Sanó to third . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to center , Arraez scored and Sanó scored , Donaldson to second . Polanco to second on passed ball by Grandal , Donaldson to third on passed ball by Grandal . Cruz walked . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Berrios pitching for Twins . Delmonico grounded out to first . García struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Garver struck out swinging . Fry pitching for White Sox . Cave struck out swinging . Sanó struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . May pitching for Twins . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu grounded out to second . Grandal walked . Encarnación popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Arraez popped out to third . Kepler flied out to left . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Donaldson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Clippard pitching for Twins . Jiménez walked . Robert struck out swinging . Delmonico popped out to third . García popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Polanco singled to shallow right center . Cruz singled to center , Polanco to third . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Rosario singled to shallow center , Polanco scored , Cruz to second . Garver walked , Rosario to second , Cruz to third . Cave struck out swinging . Sanó struck out looking . Arraez singled to right , Cruz scored and Rosario scored , Garver to third . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Kepler grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada singled to right center . Abreu flied out to center . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Donaldson grounded out to third . Polanco flied out to center . Herrera pitching for White Sox . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Stashak pitching for Twins . Encarnación struck out swinging . Jiménez struck out swinging . Robert doubled to deep right . Delmonico popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Rosario flied out to center . Garver struck out swinging . Cave grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Stashak pitching for Twins . García lined out to left . Anderson lined out to center . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 10 - White Sox 5 .	Kepler hits 2 HR , Twins power past White Sox 10 - 5 in opener