White Sox - Top 1st . Junis pitching for Royals . Robert struck out swinging . Moncada walked . Abreu lined into double play , pitcher to first , Moncada doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield flied out to center . Soler flied out to right . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Junis pitching for Royals . Grandal grounded out to second . Encarnación singled to center . Jiménez lined into double play , pitcher to third to first , Encarnación doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Cordero grounded out to second . Franco struck out looking . Gordon homered to right center ( 437 feet ) . Mondesi grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Junis pitching for Royals . Delmonico grounded out to second . Mendick walked . Madrigal singled to right , Mendick to second . Robert struck out swinging . Moncada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Phillips lined out to center . Gallagher lined out to left . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Junis pitching for Royals . Abreu doubled to deep center . Grandal singled to right center , Abreu scored . Encarnación singled to shallow center , Grandal to second . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación out at second , Grandal to third . Delmonico grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jiménez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Soler lined out to center . Pérez singled to right . Cordero grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Pérez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Lopez at shortstop . Junis pitching for Royals . Mendick grounded out to third . Madrigal singled to center . Zuber pitching for Royals . Robert walked , Madrigal to second . Moncada walked , Robert to second , Madrigal to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Grandal walked , Madrigal scored , Moncada to second , Robert to third . Encarnación flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Franco doubled to center . Gordon grounded out to first , Franco to third . Lopez doubled to left , Franco scored . Phillips flied out to center . Gallagher lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Jiménez struck out swinging . Delmonico grounded out to second . Mendick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield flied out to left . Soler walked . Pérez singled to right , Soler to second . Cordero struck out swinging . Franco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Madrigal singled to right . Robert singled to left center , Madrigal to third . Holland pitching for Royals . Moncada fouled out to third . Abreu singled to center , Madrigal scored , Robert to second . Grandal singled to center , Robert scored , Abreu to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Jiménez walked , Grandal to second , Abreu to third . Delmonico singled to right , Abreu scored and Grandal scored , Jiménez to third . Engel ran for Delmonico . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Jiménez scored on error and Engel scored on error , Mendick safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sparkman , Mendick safe at second on error . Madrigal singled to center , Mendick scored . Robert lined out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Engel in right field . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Lopez struck out swinging . McBroom hit for Phillips . McBroom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Cordero in center field . McBroom in right field . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . Abreu flied out to right . Grandal singled to center , Grandal safe at second on fielding error by center fielder Cordero . Mercedes hit for Encarnación . Mercedes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Mercedes as designated hitter . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Gallagher popped out to second . Merrifield singled to left center . Mejía ran for Merrifield . Soler grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mejía out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Mejía at second base . Speier pitching for Royals . Jiménez struck out looking . Engel fouled out to first . Mendick singled to left . Madrigal grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Detwiler pitching for White Sox . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . Cordero grounded out to first . Franco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 9 - Royals 2 .	Madrigal 's first 4 big league hits help White Sox top KC 9 - 2