White Sox - Top 1st . Hill pitching for Twins . Anderson popped out to second . Jiménez grounded out to pitcher . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Kepler grounded out to shortstop . Polanco struck out looking . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hill pitching for Twins . Encarnación fouled out to first . McCann doubled to deep right . Robert grounded out to third . Mendick lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Rosario walked . Sanó singled to right , Sanó safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Engel , Rosario safe at third on error . Arraez singled to deep left center , Rosario scored , Sanó to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanó scored and Arraez scored on throwing error by second baseman Madrigal , Gonzalez second . Cave struck out swinging . Jeffers lined out to center . Kepler safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Giolito , Gonzalez safe at third on error . Polanco struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hill pitching for Twins . Engel walked . Madrigal reached on infield single to catcher , Engel to second . Anderson lined out to second . Jiménez struck out looking . Abreu lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Cruz struck out looking . Rosario lined out to first . Sanó homered to left center ( 408 feet ) . Arraez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Hill pitching for Twins . Encarnación walked . McCann walked , Encarnación to second . Robert walked , McCann to second , Encarnación to third . Mendick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Robert out at second . Engel singled to shallow left center , Encarnación scored and McCann scored , Mendick to third . Duffey pitching for Twins . Madrigal struck out swinging . Anderson walked , Engel to second . Jiménez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Gonzalez struck out looking . Cave struck out swinging . Jeffers reached on infield single to first . Kepler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Duffey pitching for Twins . Abreu singled to shallow left center . Encarnación walked , Abreu to second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Encarnación to second , Abreu out at third . Robert popped out to first . Mendick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Polanco flied out to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Rosario popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Mazara hit for Engel . Clippard pitching for Twins . Mazara singled to left . Madrigal singled to left , Mazara to second . Anderson flied out to right . Jiménez struck out swinging . Madrigal to second on wild pitch by Clippard , Mazara to third on wild pitch by Clippard . Abreu doubled to deep right center , Madrigal scored and Mazara scored . May pitching for Twins . Encarnación struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Mazara in right field . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Sanó walked . Arraez lined out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Sanó to second . Cave singled to right center , Sanó scored . Jeffers flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . May pitching for Twins . McCann struck out swinging . Robert homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Mendick struck out swinging . Mazara struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Kepler grounded out to second . Polanco struck out swinging . Cruz walked . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Twins . Madrigal popped out to second . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Jiménez popped out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Sanó struck out swinging . Arraez grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rogers pitching for Twins . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación safe at first on fielding error by right fielder Kepler . Sánchez ran for Encarnación . McCann singled to right , Sánchez to second . Robert hit ground rule double to left , Sánchez scored , McCann to third . Mendick struck out swinging . Mazara singled to right , McCann scored and Robert scored , Mazara to second . Madrigal lined out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 9th . Sánchez as designated hitter . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Cave grounded out to first . Jeffers walked . Kepler struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Twins 5 .	Robert leads 1st - place White Sox in rally past Twins 8 - 5