Tigers - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Reyes singled to right center . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reyes out at second . Cabrera flied out to center . Candelario walked , Schoop to second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to right . Moncada flied out to left . Grandal walked , Anderson to second . Grandal to second on passed ball by Greiner , Anderson to third on passed ball by Greiner . Abreu singled to center , Anderson scored , Grandal to third . Jiménez doubled to right , Grandal scored , Abreu to third . Encarnación singled to center , Abreu scored , Jiménez to third . Robert fouled out to first . Mazara struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Bonifacio lined out to right . Cameron struck out swinging . Greiner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Madrigal lined out to first . Anderson singled to right center . Moncada singled to left , Anderson to second . Grandal grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Alcántara grounded out to shortstop . Reyes grounded out to second . Schoop flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to shallow right center . Jiménez singled to left , Abreu to second . Encarnación flied out to center . Robert fouled out to catcher . Mazara doubled to left center , Jiménez scored and Abreu scored . Norris pitching for Tigers . Madrigal lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Cabrera popped out to first . Candelario lined out to center . Castro singled to right . Bonifacio doubled to deep right , Castro thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Anderson reached on infield single to third . Moncada struck out swinging . Anderson to second on passed ball by Greiner . Grandal walked . Abreu homered to center ( 429 feet ) , Anderson scored and Grandal scored . Jiménez walked . Encarnación struck out swinging . Robert safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Castro , Jiménez to second . Mazara struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Cameron lined out to right . Greiner flied out to center . Alcántara flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Madrigal singled to center . Anderson singled to center , Madrigal to second . Moncada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson out at second , Madrigal to third . Grandal singled to center , Madrigal scored , Moncada to second . Abreu homered to left ( 435 feet ) , Moncada scored and Grandal scored . Jiménez struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hill hit for Reyes . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Schoop grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Hill in center field . Engel hit for Robert . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Robert reached on infield single to third . Engel hit for Mazara . Engel singled to left , Robert to second . Madrigal safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Candelario , Engel to second , Robert to third . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Robert scored , Madrigal out at second , Engel to third . Moncada struck out swinging . Grandal struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Engel in right field . McRae pitching for White Sox . Candelario flied out to left . Castro lined out to third . Bonifacio lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Paredes at third base . Alcántara at second base . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Abreu walked . Jiménez singled to right , Abreu to third . Encarnación lined out to second . Robert hit sacrifice fly to left , Abreu scored . Engel flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Mendick at shortstop . McRae pitching for White Sox . Cameron grounded out to shortstop . Greiner flied out to right . Alcántara flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Madrigal singled to center . Mendick struck out swinging . Moncada grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Madrigal out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Flores pitching for White Sox . Hill struck out looking . Paredes singled to left . Demeritte hit for Cabrera . Demeritte singled to center , Paredes to second . Candelario grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Demeritte out at second , Paredes to third . Castro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 0 - White Sox 14 .	Abreu homers twice as White Sox rout Tigers 14 - 0