Cubs - Top 1st . Dunning pitching for White Sox . Happ grounded out to shortstop . Rizzo grounded out to second . Contreras grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Cubs . Anderson grounded out to first . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Dunning pitching for White Sox . Heyward struck out looking . Bryant singled to right . Schwarber walked , Bryant to second . Báez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bryant scored on throwing error by second baseman Madrigal , Schwarber out at second . Báez stole second . Kipnis flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Encarnación flied out to center . McCann homered to right center ( 399 feet ) . Robert singled to left . Engel struck out swinging , Robert stole second . Mazara singled to shallow left , Robert scored . Madrigal grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Dunning pitching for White Sox . Caratini walked . Happ hit by pitch , Caratini to second . Rizzo walked , Happ to second , Caratini to third . Contreras reached on infield single to second , Rizzo out at second on runner 's inteference . Heyward struck out looking . Bryant homered to left ( 419 feet ) , Caratini scored , Happ scored and Contreras scored . Schwarber lined out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada reached on infield single to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kipnis , Moncada out at second . Encarnación flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Báez grounded out to pitcher . Kipnis popped out to shortstop . Caratini flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Lester pitching for Cubs . McCann singled to right center . Robert walked , McCann to second . Engel popped out to shortstop . Mazara walked , Robert to second , McCann to third . Madrigal reached on infield single to shortstop , McCann scored , Mazara to second , Robert to third . Anderson struck out looking . Moncada walked , Robert scored , Madrigal to second , Mazara to third . Tepera pitching for Cubs . Abreu doubled to deep left , Mazara scored , Moncada scored on error and Madrigal scored , Abreu safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Báez . Encarnación fouled out to first . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 5th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Happ reached on infield single to third . Rizzo struck out swinging . Contreras grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Happ out at second . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Adam pitching for Cubs . McCann walked . Robert struck out swinging . McCann caught stealing second , catcher to second . Engel walked . Mazara grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Crochet pitching for White Sox . Bryant struck out swinging . Schwarber struck out swinging . Báez reached on infield single to shortstop . Bote hit for Kipnis . Bote popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bote at second base . Adam pitching for Cubs . Madrigal walked . Madrigal stole second . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Moncada homered to right ( 344 feet ) , Madrigal scored . Winkler pitching for Cubs . Abreu singled to right . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . McCann walked , Encarnación to second . Robert lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Maybin hit for Caratini . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Maybin walked . Hamilton hit for Happ . Hamilton struck out swinging . Wisdom hit for Rizzo . Wisdom flied out to right . Contreras grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Hamilton in center field . Wisdom at first base . Hoerner at shortstop . Maybin as designated hitter . Jeffress pitching for Cubs . Engel grounded out to shortstop . Mazara lined out to left . Madrigal singled to right . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Heyward struck out swinging . Bryant flied out to center . Schwarber grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Kimbrel pitching for Cubs . Moncada struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging . Encarnación fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Hoerner struck out swinging . Bote grounded out to pitcher . Maybin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 5 - White Sox 9 .	Moncada homers as White Sox win 9 - 5 ; Cubs clinch NL Central