Cubs - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Hamilton struck out swinging . Maybin struck out looking . Schwarber grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Anderson flied out to right . Moncada struck out swinging . Grandal struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Bryant homered to left ( 446 feet ) . Báez struck out looking . Caratini singled to shallow right center . Bote homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Caratini scored . Kipnis walked . Hoerner walked , Kipnis to second . Hamilton walked , Hoerner to second , Kipnis to third . Maybin singled to right center , Hoerner scored and Kipnis scored , Hamilton to third . Rodón pitching for White Sox . Hamilton stole home , Maybin stole second . Schwarber hit by pitch . Bryant fouled out to first . Báez struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Abreu walked . Encarnación struck out looking . Robert singled to left , Abreu to second . Mazara struck out swinging . Engel lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Caratini flied out to center . Bote flied out to left . Kipnis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Madrigal grounded out to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Moncada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Hoerner grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton homered to left center ( 405 feet ) . Maybin struck out swinging . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Grandal walked . Abreu grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Grandal out at second . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Bryant grounded out to second . Báez lined out to second . Caratini grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Alzolay pitching for Cubs . Robert struck out swinging . Mazara flied out to center . Engel homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Madrigal grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Bote walked . Kipnis grounded out to first , Bote to second . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Hoerner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bote out at third . Hoerner caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Jimmy Cordero pitches to Billy Hamilton . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Moncada struck out swinging . Grandal singled to shallow center . Abreu walked , Grandal to second . Encarnación struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Hamilton singled to center . Hamilton to third on wild pitch by Cordero . Maybin struck out looking . Schwarber walked . Hamilton scored on error and Schwarber scored on error , Bryant safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Cordero , Bryant safe at third on error . Báez singled to shallow center , Bryant scored . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Caratini reached on infield single to third , Báez to second . Bote struck out swinging . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Kipnis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Quintana pitching for Cubs . Robert flied out to right . Mazara singled to left . Engel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mazara out at second . Madrigal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Hoerner flied out to right . Hamilton popped out to shortstop . Maybin walked . Schwarber grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Marquez pitching for Cubs . Anderson walked . Moncada walked , Anderson to second . Moncada to second on wild pitch by Marquez , Anderson to third on wild pitch by Marquez . Grandal grounded out to shortstop , Anderson scored . Abreu struck out swinging . Encarnación walked . Robert singled to center , Moncada scored , Encarnación to third . Encarnación scored on Marquez wild pitch , Robert to second on wild pitch by Marquez . Mazara doubled to left center , Robert scored . Underwood Jr. pitching for Cubs . Mazara to third on wild pitch by Underwood Jr .. Engel reached on infield single to third , Mazara scored . Madrigal singled to right , Engel to second . Engel to third on wild pitch by Underwood Jr .. Anderson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Bryant walked . Báez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bryant out at second . Caratini flied out to left . Bote struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Underwood Jr. pitching for Cubs . Moncada singled to center . Grandal homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Moncada scored . Abreu struck out swinging . Encarnación flied out to center . Robert singled to right . Chafin pitching for Cubs . Robert to second on fielder 's indifference . Robert to third on fielder 's indifference . Mazara struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 10 - White Sox 8 .	Slow start sends White Sox to costly 10 - 8 loss to Cubs