Rangers - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kinsler struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Roberts singled to right. Jones singled to left, Roberts to third, Jones to second advancing on throw. Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left, Roberts scored, Jones tagged out at third. Huff grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Blalock flied out to center. Byrd doubled to right. Cruz struck out swinging. Davis homered to center, Byrd scored. Saltalamacchia singled to deep right. Andrus lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Wigginton flied out to right. Scott grounded out to second. Moeller walked. Pie singled to right, Moeller to second. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Kinsler grounded out to second. Murphy walked. Young safe at first on error by shortstop Izturis, Murphy to second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to first, Young out at second, Murphy to third. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blalock out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Jones doubled to deep left. Markakis struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Cruz grounded out to second. Davis flied out to left. Saltalamacchia singled to right center. Andrus singled to right center, Saltalamacchia to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Wigginton flied out to right. Scott walked. Moeller flied out to left. Pie walked, Scott to second. Izturis singled to left, Scott thrown out at home, Pie to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Murphy homered to center. Young doubled to deep center. Blalock homered to center, Young scored. Byrd reached on infield single to third. Cruz reached on infield single to third, Byrd to second. Baez pitching for Orioles. Davis struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd safe at third on error by third baseman Wigginton, Cruz to second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Roberts homered to right. Jones grounded out to second. Markakis singled to right. Huff singled to right, Markakis to third, Markakis scored, Huff to second on throwing error by right fielder Cruz. Wigginton flied out to center. Scott doubled to deep left center, Huff scored. Moeller fouled out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 6th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Murphy grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to pitcher. Blalock struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Pie bunt grounded out to pitcher. Izturis hit by pitch. Roberts singled to left, Izturis to second. Jones homered to left center, Izturis and Roberts scored. Markakis walked. Huff grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Byrd lined out to shortstop. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Scott struck out swinging. Moeller singled to center. Pie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Hamilton hit for Andrus. Hamilton struck out looking. Kinsler fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Vizquel at shortstop. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Izturis grounded out to second. Roberts singled to left. Roberts caught stealing second, catcher to second. Jones walked. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Jones stole second. Markakis singled to right, Jones scored. Huff flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Jones hit for Murphy. Jones doubled to deep left. Young grounded out to third. Blalock popped out to catcher. Byrd flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Orioles 8.	Jones' 3-run HR rallies Orioles past Rangers