Mets - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cora popped out to third. Martinez struck out looking. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Roberts grounded out to second. Jones fouled out to first. Markakis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Wright struck out swinging. Church flied out to left. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Huff grounded out to first. Mora struck out swinging. Scott flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Murphy flied out to left. Schneider walked. Castillo grounded out to third, Schneider to second. Cora flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. Wieters flied out to center. Andino lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Martinez walked. Beltran safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts, Martinez to second. Wright singled to left, Martinez scored, Beltran to second, Beltran to third on throwing error by left fielder Reimold. Church singled to left, Beltran scored, Wright to second. Sheffield singled to right, Wright to third, Church to second. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Wright scored, Church to third. Schneider singled to center, Church scored, Sheffield to second. Castillo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Roberts flied out to left. Jones grounded out to first. Markakis singled to left. Huff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cora singled to center. Martinez flied out to right. Beltran flied out to center. Wright popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Mora grounded out to second. Scott flied out to right. Reimold walked. Wieters singled to left, Reimold to second. Andino walked, Reimold to third, Wieters to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Church struck out swinging, Church safe at first on passed ball by Wieters. Sheffield popped out to third. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Church out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Mets. Jones singled to center. Markakis homered to right, Jones scored. Huff singled to right center. Mora grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Huff out at second. Scott walked. Green pitching for Mets. Reimold lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Schneider grounded out to first. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Cora singled to right, Castillo to second. Martinez singled to center, Castillo to third, Cora to second. Baez pitching for Orioles. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castillo out at home, Cora to third, Martinez to second. Wright safe at first on error by first baseman Huff, Cora and Martinez scored, Beltran to third. Church grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Green pitching for Mets. Wieters grounded out to pitcher. Andino grounded out to pitcher. Roberts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Sheffield flied out to center. Murphy flied out to center. Schneider doubled to deep left. Castillo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Green pitching for Mets. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Feliciano pitching for Mets. Markakis struck out looking. Huff struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Cora singled to right. Martinez flied out to center. Beltran flied out to left. Wright singled to right, Cora to third. Wright stole second. Church flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Parnell pitching for Mets. Mora singled to right. Scott singled to right, Mora to second. Rodriguez pitching for Mets. Reimold walked, Mora to third, Scott to second. Wieters struck out swinging. Wigginton hit for Andino. Wigginton walked, Mora scored, Scott to third, Reimold to second. Pie ran for Wigginton. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to second, Scott scored, Pie out at second, Reimold to third. Roberts stole second. Jones struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 6 - Orioles 4.	Three errors doom Orioles in loss vs. Pelfrey, Mets