Nationals - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Harris singled to right. Guzman singled to center, Harris to second. Zimmerman walked, Harris to third, Guzman to second. Dunn walked, Harris scored, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Willingham struck out looking. Bard walked, Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third, Dunn to second. Belliard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bard out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Martis pitching for Nationals. Roberts fouled out to left. Jones singled to center. Markakis flied out to center. Huff walked, Jones to second. Reimold walked, Jones to third, Huff to second. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Harris flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Mora flied out to center. Zaun homered to right. Andino grounded out to shortstop. Roberts struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Guzman singled to right. Zimmerman grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guzman out at second. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Jones grounded out to second. Markakis singled to left. Huff struck out swinging. Reimold grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Willingham doubled to left. Bard flied out to center. Belliard grounded out to third. Kearns singled to left, Willingham scored. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Scott walked. Mora popped out to second. Zaun flied out to left. Andino lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Harris popped out to third. Guzman fouled out to third. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Roberts lined out to shortstop. Jones reached on infield single to second. Markakis flied out to left. Huff singled to right center, Jones to third. Reimold homered to left, Jones and Huff scored. Scott struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Bass pitching for Orioles. Dunn walked. Willingham doubled to deep left, Dunn to third. Bard walked. Albers pitching for Orioles. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at home, Willingham to third, Bard to second. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Belliard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Mora struck out swinging. Zaun singled to left. Andino grounded out to third, Zaun to second. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez singled to right center. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to center. Beimel pitching for Nationals. Markakis flied out to left. Huff homered to right. Reimold struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Zimmerman singled to right. Dunn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at second. Bard flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Scott walked. Pie ran for Scott. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pie out at second. Zaun singled to shallow left, Mora to second. Andino singled to center, Mora to third, Zaun to second. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left, Mora scored. Jones grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Belliard popped out to third. Kearns struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Orioles 6.	Homers, stingy bullpen carry Orioles to victory