Red Sox - Top 1st. Hill pitching for Orioles. Lugo singled to left. Pedroia fouled out to first. Lugo stole second. Youkilis homered to center, Lugo scored. Bay grounded out to third. Ortiz doubled to deep center. Varitek walked. Baldelli grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Jones struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Hill pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury bunt grounded out to pitcher. Bailey walked. Lugo singled to center, Bailey to second. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Bailey and Lugo scored. Pedroia stole third. Youkilis struck out swinging. Bay grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Huff grounded out to second. Reimold flied out to left. Scott walked. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Pie in center field. Hill pitching for Orioles. Ortiz struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to second. Baldelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Wieters flied out to left. Andino singled to left. Roberts flied out to left. Pie tripled to deep right center, Andino scored. Markakis fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hill pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury homered to center. Bailey reached on infield single to third. Lugo struck out swinging. Pedroia safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora, Bailey to second. Youkilis doubled to deep left, Bailey scored, Pedroia to third. Bay intentionally walked. Ortiz singled to left, Pedroia scored, Youkilis to third, Bay to second. Albers pitching for Orioles. Varitek hit by pitch, Youkilis scored, Bay to third, Ortiz to second. Baldelli struck out looking. Ellsbury singled to right, Bay scored, Ortiz to third, Varitek to second. Bailey grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Smoltz pitching for Red Sox. Huff grounded out to second. Reimold singled to right center. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reimold out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Lugo grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis reached on infield single to shortstop. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Wieters struck out swinging. Andino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Varitek struck out swinging. Baldelli grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Roberts struck out swinging. Pie grounded out to shortstop. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Bailey tripled to deep right. Lugo struck out swinging. Pedroia singled to center, Bailey scored. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Kottaras catching. Masterson pitching for Red Sox. Huff singled to right. Reimold singled to right, Huff to second. Scott doubled to right, Huff scored, Reimold to third. Salazar hit for Mora. Salazar homered to left, Reimold and Scott scored. Wieters singled to center. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Andino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wieters out at second. Roberts grounded out to second, Andino to second. Pie singled to center, Andino scored. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Markakis singled to center, Pie to third. Huff lined out to second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Salazar at third base. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz walked. Kottaras grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ortiz out at second. Baldelli singled to center, Kottaras to second. Ellsbury singled to shallow center, Kottaras thrown out at home, Baldelli to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Reimold singled to left. Scott doubled to deep right, Reimold to third. Salazar reached on infield single to catcher. Wieters singled to left, Reimold scored, Scott to third, Salazar to second. Wigginton hit for Andino. Saito pitching for Red Sox. Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to right, Scott scored, Salazar to third. Roberts singled to left, Salazar scored, Wieters to second. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Guthrie ran for Wieters. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Guthrie ran for Wieters. Pie struck out swinging. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Guthrie ran for Wieters. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Guthrie ran for Wieters. Pie struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to deep center, Guthrie and Roberts scored, Markakis to third advancing on throw. Huff walked. Reimold flied out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Zaun catching. Wigginton at shortstop. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Bailey singled to left center. Green ran for Bailey. Lugo struck out looking. Pedroia flied out to right. Youkilis hit by pitch, Green to second. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 10 - Orioles 11.	O's 9-run rally stuns BoSox