Athletics - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Kennedy grounded out to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Hairston reached on infield single to shortstop. Cust grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Reimold singled to right center. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reimold out at second. Markakis popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to center. Everidge singled to right. Sweeney doubled to deep right, Everidge to third. Ellis singled to center, Everidge scored, Sweeney to third. Pennington singled to center, Sweeney scored, Ellis to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to catcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wigginton walked. Wigginton to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez. Scott grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wigginton out at third. Mora struck out swinging. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Hairston popped out to first. Cust singled to center. Suzuki lined out to center. Everidge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Izturis singled to center. Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher, Izturis to second. Reimold fouled out to right, Izturis to third, Roberts to second. Jones struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Sweeney flied out to left. Ellis singled to center. Pennington flied out to left. Kennedy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wigginton fouled out to right. Scott struck out swinging. Mora singled to left. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Davis reached on infield single to third. Hairston flied out to left. Cust singled to right, Davis to third. Suzuki singled to center, Davis scored, Cust to second. Everidge fouled out to first. Sweeney walked, Cust to third, Suzuki to second. Ellis singled to left, Cust and Suzuki scored, Sweeney to second. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Pennington struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Izturis lined out to center. Roberts grounded out to third. Reimold grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Kennedy singled to shallow left. Davis grounded out to second, Kennedy to second. Hairston grounded out to third. Kennedy to third on passed ball by Wieters. Cust lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Jones grounded out to second. Markakis doubled to left. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Scott struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Suzuki flied out to center. Everidge flied out to right. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Mora singled to center. Wieters doubled to deep right center, Mora to third. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Izturis flied out to right. Roberts lined out to center. Reimold grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Ellis reached on infield single to second. Pennington grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. Kennedy lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Markakis flied out to center. Wigginton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Davis walked. Hairston struck out swinging, Davis stole second. Cust intentionally walked. Suzuki doubled to left, Davis scored, Cust to third. Everidge struck out swinging. Sweeney doubled to deep center, Cust and Suzuki scored. Ellis hit ground rule double to deep center, Sweeney scored. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Cunningham in left field. Crosby at first base. Gray pitching for Athletics. Scott homered to center. Mora singled to center. Wieters grounded out to third, Mora to second. Izturis lined into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Mora out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Orioles 1.	Gonzalez coasts; A's win 9th straight vs. O's