Orioles - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Jeter singled to right. Damon flied out to left. Teixeira hit by pitch, Jeter to second. Rodriguez doubled to deep center, Jeter scored, Teixeira to third. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Posada struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Reimold reached on infield single to third. Wigginton singled to right center, Reimold to third. Wieters walked, Wigginton to second. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to second, Reimold scored, Wieters out at second, Wigginton to third. Moeller hit sacrifice fly to center, Wigginton scored. Fiorentino singled to right, Turner to third. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fiorentino out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cano singled to right. Swisher grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cano out at second. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Izturis popped out to second. Markakis flied out to center. Reimold doubled to deep center. Wigginton walked. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Jeter doubled to right. Damon flied out to center, Jeter to third. Teixeira grounded out to pitcher. Rodriguez walked. Matsui fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Turner reached on infield single to third. Moeller grounded out to third, Turner to second. Fiorentino hit sacrifice fly to left, Turner scored. Roberts flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Posada singled to center. Cano singled to shallow left, Posada to second. Swisher singled to left center, Posada to third, Cano to second. Cabrera singled to center, Posada and Cano scored, Swisher to second. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second, Swisher to third. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Izturis flied out to right. Markakis flied out to right. Reimold lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Matsui singled to right center. Matsui to second on wild pitch by Guthrie. NY Yankees's Rodriguez ejected by Foster in the 5th. Posada flied out to left. Cano fouled out to third. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hinske at third base. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Wigginton lined out to shortstop. Wieters grounded out to first. Turner walked. Moeller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to center. Jeter singled to right. Damon singled to right, Jeter to third. Teixeira struck out looking. Hinske walked, Damon to second. Matsui singled to right, Jeter and Damon scored, Hinske to second, Hinske to third advancing on throw. Henn pitching for Orioles. Posada walked, Matsui to second. Cano struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Pena at third base. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Fiorentino struck out swinging. Roberts walked. Izturis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to third. Jeter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Yankees. Markakis singled to center. Reimold flied out to center. Wigginton flied out to right. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Damon walked. Gardner ran for Damon. Teixeira singled to right center, Gardner to third. Pena fouled out to catcher. Matsui homered to right, Gardner and Teixeira scored. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Cano singled to right center. McCrory pitching for Orioles. Swisher singled to right, Cano to third. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Cano and Swisher scored. Jeter walked. Gardner hit ground rule double to left, Cabrera scored, Jeter to third. Teixeira doubled to right, Jeter and Gardner scored. Duncan ran for Teixeira. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Pena reached on infield single to first, Duncan to third. Matsui walked, Pena to second. Posada flied out to right. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Hairston Jr. at third base. Gardner in center field. Duncan in right field. Pena at shortstop. Cervelli catching. Swisher at first base. Cabrera in left field. Bruney pitching for Yankees. Turner walked. Moeller popped out to first. Fiorentino lined out to center. Aubrey hit for Roberts. Aubrey walked, Turner to second. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Andino hit for Izturis. Andino struck out swinging. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Andino hit for Izturis. Andino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Yankees 13.	Matsui drives in 5 as CC wins 17th for Yanks \n\n