Blue Jays - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Bautista flied out to left. Hill flied out to center. Encarnacion walked. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts struck out swinging. Izturis singled to center. Wieters struck out looking. Markakis walked, Izturis to second. Wigginton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Barajas singled to left. Ruiz singled to center, Barajas to second. Millar singled to left, Barajas to third, Ruiz to second. McDonald fouled out to first. Snider hit sacrifice fly to center, Barajas scored, Ruiz to third. Ruiz scored, Millar to second on balk by Hendrickson. Bautista popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Aubrey lined out to left. Montanez doubled to deep right center. Fiorentino singled to center, Montanez scored. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fiorentino out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion popped out to shortstop. Wells singled to center. Barajas walked, Wells to second. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barajas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to first. Wieters struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Millar struck out looking. McDonald lined out to shortstop. Snider singled to right. Bautista popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis doubled to right. Wigginton singled to center, Markakis scored. Aubrey walked, Wigginton to second. Montanez singled to left, Wigginton to third, Aubrey to second. Fiorentino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton scored, Montanez out at second, Aubrey to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third, Aubrey scored, Fiorentino to second. Roberts singled to center, Fiorentino scored. Izturis struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion struck out looking. Wells grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters flied out to left. Markakis flied out to center. Wigginton hit ground rule double to deep center. Aubrey flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. Barajas safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts. Ruiz struck out swinging. Millar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Barajas out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Accardo pitching for Blue Jays. Montanez flied out to right. Fiorentino grounded out to second. Rodriguez walked. Roberts walked, Rodriguez to second. Izturis doubled to deep right, Rodriguez scored, Roberts to third. Wieters flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Orioles. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. Snider doubled to deep right. Bautista walked. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Hill singled to right, Snider scored, Bautista to second. Encarnacion grounded out to third, Bautista to third, Hill to second. Wells grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to right. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Aubrey singled to center. Montanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Barajas popped out to second. Ruiz grounded out to third. Millar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Fiorentino singled to left. Fiorentino stole second. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher, Fiorentino to third. Roberts struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. McDonald reached on infield single to third. Snider grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McDonald out at second. Snider to second on balk by Johnson. Bautista flied out to center. Hill grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Orioles 6.	O's avoid 100-loss season by beating Blue Jays