Marlins - Top 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Amezaga flied out to left. Hermida homered to right. Ramirez homered to left. Cantu singled to center. Uggla walked, Cantu to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uggla out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Patterson grounded out to shortstop. Keppinger lined out to center. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Helms grounded out to third. Rabelo struck out looking. Badenhop struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Phillips grounded out to third. Votto grounded out to second. Encarnacion struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Amezaga fouled out to catcher. Hermida struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Dunn grounded out to first. Bako grounded out to second. Harang singled to left. Patterson singled to left, Harang to second. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Cantu popped out to shortstop. Uggla homered to left. Gonzalez flied out to left. Helms lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Griffey Jr grounded out to first. Phillips singled to center. Votto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Phillips out at second. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Votto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Harang pitching for Reds. Rabelo popped out to shortstop. Badenhop struck out looking. Amezaga lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Dunn struck out swinging. Bako singled to left. Harang sacrificed to pitcher, Bako to second. Patterson doubled to deep right, Bako scored. Keppinger safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Cantu, Patterson scored. Griffey Jr intentionally walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to third, Griffey Jr out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 6th. Harang pitching for Reds. Hermida lined out to left. Ramirez grounded out to third. Cantu singled to right. Cantu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Uggla batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Votto walked. Encarnacion doubled to deep left, Votto to third. Dunn hit sacrifice fly to left, Votto scored, Encarnacion to third. Bako popped out to shortstop. Encarnacion scored on Badenhop's wild pitch. Harang grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Harang pitching for Reds. Uggla doubled to deep left. Gonzalez flied out to left. Helms reached on infield single to pitcher, Uggla to third. Rabelo hit sacrifice fly to center, Uggla scored, Helms to second. Jacobs hit for Badenhop. Jacobs intentionally walked. Olsen ran for Jacobs. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to third, Olsen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Keppinger homered to left, Patterson scored. Griffey Jr walked. Phillips homered to left, Griffey Jr scored. Votto grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion fouled out to third. Dunn lined out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Hairston in left field. Hermida singled to right. Ramirez lined out to center. Cantu struck out swinging. Uggla walked, Hermida to second. Affeldt pitching for Reds. Gonzalez singled to center, Hermida scored, Uggla to second. Cordero pitching for Reds. Helms hit by pitch, Uggla to third, Gonzalez to second. Rabelo safe at first on error by right fielder Griffey Jr, Uggla and Gonzalez scored, Helms to third. Ross hit for Tankersley. Ross walked, Rabelo to second. Amezaga flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Bako grounded out to pitcher. Hairston fouled out to first. Patterson singled to center. Keppinger lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Hermida struck out swinging. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Cantu popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 7 - Reds 8.	Phillips' homer the difference as Reds hold off Fish