Cardinals - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Reds. Schumaker grounded out to second. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson singled to right. Hairston doubled to deep left, Dickerson to third. Bruce singled to center, Dickerson scored, Hairston to third. Phillips popped out to first. Valentin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hairston scored, Bruce out at second. Encarnacion singled to right, Valentin to third. Keppinger grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Ankiel walked. Glaus popped out to third. Kennedy grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ankiel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Bako lined out to right. Volquez grounded out to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Molina struck out swinging. Lohse popped out to second. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Hairston grounded out to shortstop. Bruce walked. Phillips fouled out to first. Valentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Schumaker grounded out to second. Ludwick walked. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Keppinger flied out to center. Bako grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Ankiel flied out to right. Glaus walked. Kennedy singled to center, Glaus to second. Molina flied out to center. Lohse grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Volquez struck out swinging. Dickerson grounded out to first. Hairston walked. Bruce grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Izturis struck out swinging. Schumaker singled to right. Ludwick singled to right center, Schumaker to second. Pujols walked, Schumaker to third, Ludwick to second. Ankiel struck out swinging. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Lohse pitching for Cardinals. Phillips singled to center. Valentin grounded out to shortstop, Phillips to second. Phillips caught stealing third, pitcher to third to second. Encarnacion doubled to deep left center. Keppinger singled to center, Encarnacion scored. Keppinger to second on wild pitch by Lohse. Bako intentionally walked. Volquez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Kennedy lined out to first. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Lopez hit for Lohse. Lopez hit by pitch. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Lopez at shortstop. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson doubled to right. Cabrera hit for Hairston. Cabrera bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Dickerson out at third. Bruce singled to center, Cabrera to second. Phillips homered to left, Cabrera and Bruce scored. Valentin grounded out to shortstop. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Encarnacion doubled to left. Keppinger popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Dickerson in left field. Weathers pitching for Reds. Patterson in center field. Schumaker grounded out to second. Ludwick popped out to first. Pujols reached on infield single to third. Ankiel walked, Pujols to second. Glaus singled to right, Pujols scored, Ankiel to third. Glaus to second on fielder's indifference. Kennedy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Bako struck out swinging. Patterson walked. Dickerson singled to center, Patterson to third. Votto hit for Weathers. Votto singled to right, Patterson scored, Dickerson to second. Bruce struck out swinging. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to second, Votto out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Molina singled to deep right. Lopez singled to left, Molina to second. Miles hit for Franklin. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lopez out at second, Molina to third. Schumaker singled to right, Molina scored, Miles to second. Ludwick doubled to deep left center, Miles scored, Schumaker to third. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Schumaker out at home, Ludwick to third. Ankiel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Reds 7.	Revived Volquez hurls Reds past Cards