Reds - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Dickerson struck out looking. Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop. Phillips homered to left, Keppinger scored. Votto flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Harang pitching for Reds. Barmes walked. Taveras flied out to center. Holliday flied out to right. Barmes stole second. Barmes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Hanigan. Hawpe popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Bruce grounded out to second. Patterson grounded out to second. Hanigan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Harang pitching for Reds. Atkins lined out to shortstop. Stewart doubled to deep right center. Iannetta walked. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iannetta out at second, Stewart to third. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tulowitzki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Harang grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson struck out swinging. Keppinger singled to right. Phillips grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Harang pitching for Reds. Barmes doubled to deep left. Taveras sacrificed to pitcher, Barmes to third. Holliday struck out looking. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Rockies. Votto singled to shallow left. Encarnacion singled to left, Votto to second. Bruce singled to left, Votto scored, Encarnacion to second. Patterson lined out to center. Hanigan reached on infield single to second, Encarnacion to third, Bruce to second. Harang grounded out to pitcher, Encarnacion scored, Bruce to third, Hanigan to second. Dickerson singled to center, Bruce and Hanigan scored. Speier pitching for Rockies. Dickerson stole second. Keppinger lined out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Harang pitching for Reds. Atkins flied out to right. Stewart singled to shallow right center. Iannetta lined out to shortstop. Tulowitzki fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Phillips singled to right. Phillips stole second. Votto doubled to deep center, Phillips scored. Encarnacion struck out looking. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Bruce flied out to right, Votto to third. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Harang pitching for Reds. Rusch singled to center. Barmes singled to center, Rusch to second. Taveras singled to left, Rusch to third, Barmes to second. Holliday popped out to shortstop. Hawpe struck out swinging. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Hanigan lined out to center. Harang grounded out to second. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Harang pitching for Reds. Stewart grounded out to second. Iannetta walked. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Rusch struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Keppinger doubled to deep right. Phillips flied out to right, Keppinger to third. Votto singled to right, Keppinger scored. Encarnacion singled to center, Votto to second. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to first, Encarnacion out at second, Votto to third. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Majewski pitching for Reds. Barmes flied out to center. Taveras singled to right center. Taveras stole second. Holliday singled to center, Taveras scored. Hawpe struck out swinging. Atkins doubled to deep left, Holliday scored. Stewart singled to center, Atkins scored. Iannetta grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Rusch pitching for Rockies. Hanigan grounded out to second. Phillips hit for Majewski. Phillips flied out to center. Dickerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to shortstop. Podsednik hit for Rusch. Podsednik singled to left, Tulowitzki to second. Barmes reached on infield single to third, Tulowitzki to third, Podsednik to second, Tulowitzki scored, Podsednik to third, Barmes to second on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacio. Taveras grounded out to second, Podsednik scored. Holliday grounded out to first, Barmes to third. Hawpe grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Podsednik in center field. Keppinger grounded out to second. Phillips grounded out to first. Votto walked. Encarnacion struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Atkins flied out to center. Stewart singled to right. Iannetta doubled to left, Stewart to third. Smith hit for Tulowitzki. Smith struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 8 - Rockies 5.	Rocky 5th inning can't keep Reds' Harang from win