Reds - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Dickerson doubled to deep right center. Keppinger walked. Phillips grounded into fielder's choice to second, Keppinger out at second, Dickerson to third. Votto singled to left, Dickerson scored, Phillips to second. Encarnacion lined into double play, to shortstop, Phillips doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Reds. Barmes flied out to left. Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher. Holliday struck out swinging. Taveras stole second. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Bruce lined out to left. Patterson singled to right. Patterson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bako flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Atkins flied out to center. Stewart walked. Stewart to second on wild pitch by Volquez. Baker walked. Torrealba struck out swinging. Cook reached on bunt single to catcher, Stewart to third, Baker to third, Stewart and Baker scored, Cook to second on throwing error by catcher Bako. Barmes reached on infield single to shortstop, Cook to third. Barmes stole second. Taveras walked. Holliday grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Volquez grounded out to third. Dickerson struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Hawpe grounded out to first. Atkins doubled to deep left. Stewart singled to center, Atkins scored. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stewart out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Phillips safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes. Votto singled to center, Phillips to third, Votto to second advancing on throw. Encarnacion grounded out to third. Bruce singled to right, Phillips and Votto scored. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bruce out at second. Bako grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Torrealba flied out to right. Cook struck out looking. Barmes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Volquez grounded out to third. Dickerson walked. Keppinger grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Taveras grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to catcher. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Phillips singled to center. Votto singled to right, Phillips to third. Encarnacion singled to shallow left, Phillips scored, Votto to second. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Bruce struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. Bako struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Atkins singled to center. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to first, Atkins out at second. Baker struck out swinging, Baker second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Phillips hit for Volquez. Vizcaino pitching for Rockies. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Dickerson homered to right. Keppinger struck out looking. Phillips grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Torrealba singled to center. Podsednik hit for Vizcaino. Podsednik flied out to center. Barmes singled to left center, Torrealba to second. Taveras singled to shallow left, Torrealba to third, Barmes to second. Masset pitching for Reds. Holliday doubled to deep right, Torrealba, Barmes and Taveras scored, Holliday to third advancing on throw. Hawpe singled to deep right, Holliday scored, Hawpe out stretching at second. Atkins walked. Stewart struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Barmes at second base. Tulowitzki at shortstop. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Votto flied out to left. Encarnacion flied out to left. Bruce homered to right. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Masset pitching for Reds. Tulowitzki flied out to center. Torrealba fouled out to first. Smith hit for Buchholz. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Cabrera hit for Bako. Cabrera struck out swinging. Hanigan hit for Masset. Hanigan walked. Dickerson struck out swinging. Keppinger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hanigan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Rockies 7.	Holliday's three-run double helps Rockies nip Reds