Giants - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Reds. Roberts flied out to left. Winn struck out looking. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Dickerson flied out to left. Keppinger popped out to shortstop. Phillips doubled to deep left. Votto flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Molina flied out to right. Rowand struck out swinging. Ishikawa walked. Burriss struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Encarnacion singled to center. Bruce grounded out to second, Encarnacion to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Encarnacion to third. Bako struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Reds. Velez grounded out to second. Zito singled to left. Roberts walked, Zito to second. Winn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Volquez struck out swinging. Dickerson singled to center. Keppinger singled to center, Dickerson to second. Dickerson stole third. Phillips lined out to third. Votto walked, Keppinger to second. Encarnacion homered to left, Dickerson, Keppinger and Votto scored. Bruce flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Sandoval singled to center. Molina flied out to right. Rowand singled to left, Sandoval to second. Ishikawa singled to shallow right, Sandoval scored, Rowand to third. Burriss singled to shallow right, Rowand scored, Ishikawa to second. Velez tripled to right, Ishikawa and Burriss scored. Zito flied out to left. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Cabrera doubled to right center. Bako grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cabrera to third. Volquez sacrificed to pitcher, Bako to second, Volquez safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Zito. Dickerson doubled to deep left, Cabrera and Bako scored, Volquez to third. Keppinger flied out to left. Phillips intentionally walked. Votto hit by pitch, Volquez scored, Dickerson to third, Phillips to second. Sadler pitching for Giants. Encarnacion walked, Dickerson scored, Phillips to third, Votto to second. Bruce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnacion out at second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Winn singled to right. Sandoval lined out to left. Molina struck out swinging. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Sadler pitching for Giants. Cabrera hit by pitch. Bako struck out swinging. Volquez struck out looking. Dickerson homered to right, Cabrera scored. Keppinger lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Volquez pitching for Reds. Ishikawa flied out to left. Burriss walked. Velez doubled to deep left center, Burriss scored. Affeldt pitching for Reds. Rohlinger hit for Sadler. Rohlinger struck out swinging. Aurilia hit for Roberts. Aurilia homered to left, Velez scored. Winn lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Aurilia at second base. Velez in left field. Matos pitching for Giants. Phillips walked. Phillips caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Votto singled to center. Encarnacion flied out to center. Bruce struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Affeldt pitching for Reds. Sandoval grounded out to third. Molina grounded out to third. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Matos pitching for Giants. Cabrera doubled to deep right center. Bako reached on bunt single to pitcher, Cabrera scored on throwing error by pitcher Matos. Patterson hit for Affeldt. Patterson grounded out to pitcher, Bako to second. Hinshaw pitching for Giants. Dickerson struck out looking. Keppinger flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 8th. Dickerson in left field. Weathers pitching for Reds. Patterson in center field. Ishikawa reached on infield single to second. Burriss reached on infield single to third, Ishikawa to second. Velez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Burriss out at second, Ishikawa to third. Lewis hit for Hinshaw. Lewis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Giants. Phillips grounded out to third. Votto singled to center. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Bruce singled to center, Votto to third. Valentin hit for Weathers. Valentin walked, Bruce to second. Bako struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Reds. Aurilia reached on infield single to shortstop. Winn flied out to left. Sandoval singled to left, Aurilia to second. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Reds 11.	Homer helps Reds' Volquez to 16th victory