Mets - Top 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Granderson homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Lagares singled to shallow right . Duda flied out to center . Cuddyer grounded out to third , Lagares to second . Murphy doubled to right , Lagares scored . Campbell grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Gardner grounded out to third . Young grounded out to third . Rodriguez homered to right ( 382 feet ) . Teixeira safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Campbell . Beltr치n struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Flores flied out to right . Muno struck out swinging . Plawecki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Murphy doubled to left . Drew struck out looking . Petit doubled to left , Murphy scored . Gardner doubled to deep right , Petit scored . Young reached on infield single to second , Gardner scored . Rodriguez doubled to left , Young scored on throwing error by left fielder Cuddyer , Rodriguez tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Granderson struck out swinging . Lagares struck out swinging . Duda singled to shallow center . Cuddyer doubled to deep left , Duda scored , Cuddyer to third on throwing error by shortstop Drew . Murphy doubled to deep left , Cuddyer scored . Campbell grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Niese pitching for Mets . Teixeira lined out to pitcher . Beltr치n struck out swinging . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Flores lined out to second . Muno struck out swinging . Plawecki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . Petit lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Granderson struck out swinging . Lagares reached on infield single to third , Lagares advanced to second on throwing error by third baseman Chase Headley . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Duda hit by pitch . Cuddyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duda out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gardner safe at third on error by second baseman Murphy . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner scored , Young out at first , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by shortstop Flores . Teixeira walked . Beltr치n grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teixeira out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Murphy walked . Martin pitching for Yankees . Campbell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . Flores flied into double play , right to first , Campbell doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Headley doubled to right . Murphy grounded out to third . Drew struck out swinging . Petit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Yankees . Muno lined out to left . Plawecki grounded out to third . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Granderson popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Gardner flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . Rodriguez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Lagares struck out swinging . Duda struck out swinging . Cuddyer struck out swinging , Cuddyer safe at first on wild pitch by Betances . Murphy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Mets . Teixeira fouled out to third . Beltr치n flied out to center . Headley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Yankees . Campbell flied out to left . Flores hit by pitch . Mayberry Jr. struck out swinging . Plawecki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Yankees 6 .	Yanks take rubber game from Mets to win Subway set