Orioles - Top 1st . Warren pitching for Yankees . Machado reached on infield single to shortstop . Paredes grounded out to catcher , Machado to second . Jones grounded out to third . Young singled to shallow left , Machado thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury reached on infield single to second . Gardner doubled to left , Ellsbury to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored , Gardner to third . Teixeira lined out to second . McCann homered to right ( 351 feet ) , Gardner scored . Beltrán grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Warren pitching for Yankees . Davis lined out to first . Joseph reached on infield single to shortstop . Snider singled to right , Joseph to second . Hardy flied out to center . Flaherty grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Headley grounded out to second . Pirela grounded out to third . Gregorius struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Warren pitching for Yankees . Machado singled to right . Machado caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Paredes lined out to left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury walked . Gardner singled to right , Ellsbury to third . Rodriguez popped out to second . Gardner stole second . Teixeira struck out swinging . McCann intentionally walked . Beltrán doubled to deep right center , Ellsbury and Gardner scored , McCann thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Young grounded out to third . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Joseph walked . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Orioles . Headley lined out to left . Pirela grounded out to third . Gregorius flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Hardy walked . Flaherty walked , Hardy to second . Machado singled to left , Hardy scored , Flaherty to second . Paredes struck out swinging . Jones singled to right , Flaherty to third , Machado to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Flaherty scored , Jones out at second , Machado to third . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Davis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Ellsbury grounded out to second . Gardner grounded out to third . Rodriguez tripled to deep right center . Teixeira intentionally walked . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Wilson pitching for Yankees . Joseph grounded out to second . Snider grounded out to pitcher . Hardy doubled to left . Flaherty hit by pitch . Martin pitching for Yankees . Machado walked , Hardy to third , Flaherty to second . Paredes singled to right center , Hardy and Flaherty scored , Machado to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Paredes out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Beltrán grounded out to third . Headley grounded out to third . Pirela popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Martin pitching for Yankees . Young flied out to center . Davis grounded out to first . Joseph singled to center . Betances pitching for Yankees . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . McFarland pitching for Orioles . Gregorius popped out to shortstop . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Gardner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Young in right field . Drew at second base . Betances pitching for Yankees . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . Flaherty grounded out to second . Machado flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira hit ground rule double to right . Britton pitching for Orioles . McCann grounded out to pitcher . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop , Teixeira to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Yankees . Paredes struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Yankees 5 .	McCann homer , bullpen lead Yankees over Orioles 5 - 4