Rangers - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . DeShields struck out looking . Choo grounded out to first . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gardner walked . Beltrán flied out to left . Gardner stole second . Rodriguez walked . Teixeira popped out to third . Headley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Beltré grounded out to second . Moreland struck out swinging . Andrus singled to center . Rosales singled to right , Andrus to second . Corporán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Drew struck out looking . Gregorius grounded out to second . Murphy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Smolinski walked . DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop , Smolinski to second . Choo singled to center , Smolinski scored , DeShields to second . Fielder singled to right , DeShields scored , Choo to second , Choo scored , Fielder to second on error by right fielder Beltrán . Beltré singled to right , Fielder to third . Moreland fouled out to first . Beltré to second on wild pitch by Sabathia . Andrus singled to right center , Fielder and Beltré scored . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Rosales hit by pitch , Andrus to second . Corporán hit ground rule double to left , Andrus scored , Rosales to third . Smolinski hit sacrifice fly to center , Rosales scored . DeShields walked . Choo homered to left ( 335 feet ) , Corporán and DeShields scored . Fielder singled to right center . Beltré grounded out to third . 10 Runs , 8 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Heathcott flied out to center . Gardner struck out looking . Beltrán grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Moreland grounded out to first . Andrus struck out swinging . Rosales popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second , Rodriguez to second on throwing error by second baseman Rosales . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Headley grounded out to shortstop . Drew flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Corporán struck out swinging . Smolinski lined out to center . DeShields struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gregorius flied out to left . Murphy grounded out to third . Heathcott flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Yankees . Choo walked . Fielder walked , Choo to second . Beltré singled to right , Choo to third , Fielder to second . Choo scored , Fielder to third , Beltré to second on wild pitch by Rogers . Moreland lined out to second . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to left , Fielder scored , Beltré to third . Rosales singled to left center , Beltré scored . Corporán struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Pirela hit for Gardner . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Pirela flied out to right . Beltrán homered to right center ( 397 feet ) . Rodriguez struck out looking . Jones hit for Teixeira . Jones singled to right . Young hit for Headley . Young grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Pirela at second base . Jones at first base . Young in left field . Drew at third base . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Smolinski singled to left . DeShields flied out to right . Choo flied out to left . Fielder homered to right center ( 390 feet ) , Smolinski scored . Field hit for Beltré . Field struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Field at second base . Rosales at third base . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Drew grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius homered to right center ( 391 feet ) . Murphy safe at first on error by center fielder DeShields . Heathcott singled to right center , Murphy to second . Pirela grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Heathcott out at second , Murphy to third . Beltrán grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 8th . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Moreland doubled to deep right . Andrus lined out to center . Rosales grounded out to pitcher , Moreland to third . Corporán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Jones grounded out to first , Rodriguez to second . Young fouled out to pitcher . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Smolinski popped out to first . Rodriguez at first base . Jones pitching for Yankees . DeShields walked . Choo grounded out to first , DeShields to second . Martín hit for Fielder . Martín hit by pitch . Field flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Bass pitching for Rangers . Gregorius singled to right . Murphy tripled to deep left center , Gregorius scored . Heathcott grounded out to second , Murphy scored . Pirela grounded out to shortstop . Beltrán struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 15 - Yankees 4 .	Rangers ride 10 - run 3rd inning in 15 - 4 rout of Yankees