Yankees - Top 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Ellsbury singled to right . Gardner flied out to center . Beltrán singled to left center , Ellsbury to second . McCann grounded out to first , Ellsbury to third , Beltrán to second . Bird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . Swisher grounded out to first . Freeman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Headley walked . Gregorius struck out swinging . Drew singled to left , Headley to second . Eovaldi bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Headley out at third , Drew to second . Ellsbury homered to right ( 402 feet ) , Drew and Eovaldi scored . Gardner flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Pierzynski grounded out to second . García singled to left . Peterson struck out looking . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Beltrán flied out to center . McCann flied out to center . Bird walked . Headley homered to center ( 425 feet ) , Bird scored . Gregorius walked . Drew homered to right ( 388 feet ) , Gregorius scored . Eovaldi struck out looking . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Bourn struck out swinging . Teherán grounded out to first . Markakis walked . Swisher walked , Markakis to second . Freeman singled to shallow left , Markakis scored , Swisher to second . Pierzynski singled to left center , Swisher scored , Freeman to second . García lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Ellsbury lined out to right . Gardner flied out to center . Beltrán struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Peterson struck out swinging . Simmons struck out swinging . Bourn lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . McCann grounded out to first . Bird singled to right . Headley singled to right , Bird to second . Gregorius singled to center , Bird to third , Headley to second . Marimon pitching for Braves . Drew walked , Bird scored , Headley to third , Gregorius to second . Eovaldi lined out to first . Ellsbury lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . Marimon struck out looking . Markakis singled to left . Swisher struck out looking . Freeman singled to left , Markakis to second . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Ray Marimon pitching for Braves . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Beltrán singled to right center . McCann grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beltrán out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Yankees . García singled to center . Peterson doubled to deep center , García to third . Simmons singled to center , García and Peterson scored . Warren pitching for Yankees . Bourn flied out to center , Simmons to second on error by second baseman Drew . Gomes hit for Marimon . Gomes singled to shallow right , Simmons scored . Markakis singled to shallow left , Gomes to second . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Markakis out at second , Gomes to third . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Freeman walked , Swisher to second . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Detwiler pitching for Braves . Bird grounded out to pitcher . Headley walked . Gregorius hit by pitch , Headley to second . Drew singled to right , Headley to third , Gregorius to second . Rodriguez hit for Shreve . Moylan pitching for Braves . Rodriguez singled to center , Headley and Gregorius scored , Drew to third . Brigham pitching for Braves . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Gardner singled to left , Drew scored , Rodriguez to second . Young ran for Rodriguez . Beltrán reached on infield single to pitcher , Young to third , Gardner to second . McCann singled to left center , Young and Gardner scored , Beltrán to second . Bird doubled to deep left , Beltrán scored , McCann to third . Headley doubled to deep right center , McCann and Bird scored . Gregorius walked . Drew singled to right , Headley scored , Gregorius to second . Young struck out swinging . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Ryan at third base . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Young in right field . García homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Peterson struck out swinging . Simmons doubled to deep center . Bourn walked . Brigham struck out swinging . Markakis flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Ciriaco in left field . Swisher in right field . Brigham pitching for Braves . Ellsbury walked . Gardner singled to center , Ellsbury to second . Ryan struck out swinging . McCann walked , Ellsbury to third , Gardner to second . Bird hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellsbury scored . Pinder doubled to deep center , Gardner scored , McCann to third . Gregorius singled to left , McCann scored , Pinder to third . Drew walked , Gregorius to second . Young popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . McCann at first base . Murphy catching . Pinder pitching for Yankees . Swisher walked . Freeman walked , Swisher to second . Lavarnway hit for Pierzynski . Lavarnway struck out swinging . García flied out to center , Swisher to third . Peterson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Jackson pitching for Braves . Lavarnway at first base . Bethancourt catching . Ellsbury flied out to center . Gardner grounded out to second . Ryan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Simmons grounded out to pitcher . Bourn popped out to shortstop . Bethancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 20 - Braves 6 .	Yankees ride trio of 2 - out HRs to 20 - 6 runaway over Braves