Astros - Top 1st. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Bourn flied out to center. Keppinger flied out to left. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Guzman singled to left. Johnson flied out to left. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Lee struck out swinging. Tejada doubled to deep right. Pence popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Tejada scored. Blum flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Dunn struck out looking. Dukes popped out to first. Willingham walked. Hernandez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Oswalt flied out to right. Bourn struck out swinging. Keppinger doubled to deep center. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Nieves struck out swinging. Olsen struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Lee grounded out to pitcher. Tejada flied out to center. Pence flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Johnson singled to right. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn struck out looking. Dukes homered to center, Johnson scored. Willingham grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Olsen pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Blum singled to left. Oswalt sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Blum to second. Bourn doubled to deep center, Blum and Oswalt scored. Keppinger walked. Berkman grounded out to first, Bourn to third, Keppinger to second. Lee intentionally walked. Tejada doubled to deep left, Bourn and Keppinger scored, Lee to third. Pence flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Hernandez flied out to left. Nieves flied out to right. Cintron hit for Olsen. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Blum grounded out to third. Oswalt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Guzman singled to center. Guzman to second on wild pitch by Oswalt. Johnson walked. Sampson pitching for Astros. Zimmerman singled to center, Guzman scored, Johnson to second. Dunn grounded out to first. Dukes walked, Johnson to third, Zimmerman to second. Willingham walked, Johnson scored, Zimmerman to third, Dukes to second. Hernandez walked, Zimmerman scored, Dukes to third, Willingham to second. Harris hit for Nieves. Harris struck out swinging. Flores hit for Rivera. Flores walked, Dukes scored, Willingham to third, Hernandez to second. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham scored on error by shortstop Tejada, Hernandez to third, Flores to second. Johnson hit by pitch, Hernandez scored, Flores to third, Guzman to second. Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 7th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Flores catching. Bourn reached on bunt single to catcher. Keppinger grounded out to third, Bourn to second. Berkman walked. Lee singled to center, Bourn scored, Berkman to third. Mock pitching for Nationals. Tejada singled to right center, Berkman scored, Lee to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lee scored, Tejada safe at second on error by shortstop Guzman. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pence out at second, Tejada to third. Blum flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Dunn grounded out to catcher. Dukes singled to center. Willingham flied out to right. Dukes stole second. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Erstad hit for Byrdak. Mock pitching for Nationals. Erstad walked. Bourn bunt popped out to pitcher. Keppinger singled to right, Erstad to third. Erstad scored, Keppinger to second on wild pitch by Mock. Berkman walked. Wells pitching for Nationals. Belliard at second base. Lee flied out to right, Keppinger to third. Tejada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Geary pitching for Astros. Erstad in left field. Belliard flied out to right. Flores singled to left. Guzman homered to right center, Flores scored. Johnson singled to deep right. Zimmerman singled to right, Johnson to second. Dunn struck out swinging. Dukes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zimmerman out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Kearns in right field. Wells pitching for Nationals. Pence doubled to right. Rodriguez grounded out to second, Pence to third. Blum hit sacrifice fly to center, Pence scored. Erstad struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Geary pitching for Astros. Willingham walked. Wells sacrificed to first, Willingham to second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop, Willingham to third. Flores grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 10th. Wells pitching for Nationals. Bourn grounded out to second. Keppinger grounded out to third. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 10th. Geary pitching for Astros. Guzman flied out to left. Johnson flied out to right. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 11th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Michaels hit for Geary. Michaels singled to left. Tejada lined into double play, second to first, Michaels doubled off first. Pence singled to center. Rodriguez reached on infield single to second, Pence to second, Pence to third, Rodriguez to second on throwing error by second baseman Belliard. Blum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 11th. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Kearns struck out swinging. Dukes walked. Morgan ran for Dukes. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Kata in left field. Willingham singled to left, Morgan to second. Bard hit for Hanrahan. Bard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Willingham out at second, Morgan to third, Morgan scored on throwing error by shortstop Tejada. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Astros 10 - Nationals 11.	Pirates' Hanrahan credited with Nats' victory