Nationals - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds. Dukes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. Dukes picked off first. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Lopez flied out to right. Young grounded out to shortstop. Upton walked. Reynolds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn homered to center. Willingham struck out looking. Kearns struck out swinging. Flores singled to center. Belliard singled to left, Flores to second. Lannan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Whitesell walked. Byrnes flied out to right. Snyder safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Dunn, Whitesell to third. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Whitesell out at home, Snyder to second. Davis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman singled to right. Dukes popped out to second. Zimmerman flied out to right. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Lopez walked. Young reached on bunt single to first, Lopez to second. Upton flied out to left. Reynolds walked, Lopez to third, Young to second. Whitesell grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham flied out to center. Kearns flied out to right. Flores flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Byrnes reached on infield single to pitcher. Snyder struck out swinging. Wilson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Byrnes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard walked. Lannan lined out to shortstop. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Belliard out at second. Dukes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Young walked. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Diamondbacks. Zimmerman flied out to right. Dunn walked. Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Dunn to second. Kearns flied out to center. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to third, Dunn out at third, Willingham to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Reynolds grounded out to third. Whitesell safe at first on error by first baseman Dunn. Byrnes doubled to left, Whitesell to third. Snyder grounded out to third. Wilson walked. Jackson hit for Davis. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard struck out swinging. Cintron hit for Lannan. Cintron flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Mock pitching for Nationals. Lopez singled to center. Young popped out to first. Upton singled to center, Lopez to second. Reynolds walked, Lopez to third, Upton to second. Villone pitching for Nationals. Whitesell grounded into fielder's choice to right, Lopez out at home, Upton to third, Reynolds to second. Kensing pitching for Nationals. Byrnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Dukes struck out swinging. Zimmerman homered to center. Schoeneweis pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Beimel pitching for Nationals. Johnson at first base. Snyder singled to left center. Wilson flied out to center. Roberts hit for Schoeneweis. Roberts doubled to deep center, Snyder to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Young grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns grounded out to second. Flores popped out to shortstop. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wells pitching for Nationals. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Whitesell walked, Reynolds to second. Nieves catching. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Whitesell out at second, Reynolds to third. Montero hit for Snyder. Montero doubled to right, Reynolds scored, Byrnes to third. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Tracy hit for Wilson. Tracy struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 2 - Diamondbacks 1.	Zimmerman extends streak to 27, Nats win