Nationals - Top 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Guzman struck out looking. Johnson popped out to catcher. Zimmerman singled to center. Dunn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Burriss struck out swinging. Renteria hit by pitch. Renteria stole second. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop, Renteria to third. Molina walked. Winn doubled to deep center, Renteria and Molina scored, Winn out at third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Kearns flied out to right. Harris struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Ishikawa singled to left. Schierholtz struck out looking. Cain struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Nieves doubled to right. Zimmermann bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Nieves out at third. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zimmermann out at second. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Burriss popped out to third. Renteria grounded out to second. Sandoval singled to right. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Zimmerman singled to center. Dunn doubled to deep right, Zimmerman to third. Kearns struck out swinging. Harris hit sacrifice fly to right, Zimmerman scored. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Winn singled to right. Rowand singled to shallow left, Winn to second. Ishikawa singled to center, Winn scored, Rowand to second. Schierholtz grounded out to second, Rowand to third, Ishikawa to second. Cain struck out swinging. Burriss walked. Renteria singled to right, Rowand and Ishikawa scored, Burriss to third, Renteria to second advancing on throw. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Nieves singled to center. Zimmermann sacrificed to pitcher, Nieves to second. Guzman flied out to center. Johnson walked. Zimmerman fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Molina struck out swinging. Winn lined out to center. Rowand grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Dunn grounded out to first. Kearns singled to center. Harris grounded out to second, Kearns to second. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Zimmermann pitching for Nationals. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Schierholtz lined out to shortstop. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Cain pitching for Giants. Nieves popped out to second. Cintron hit for Zimmermann. Cintron singled to center. Guzman singled to deep right, Cintron to third. Johnson homered to left center, Cintron and Guzman scored. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Dunn flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Burriss flied out to left. Renteria lined out to left. Sandoval doubled to deep right center, Sandoval out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Howry pitching for Giants. Kearns struck out swinging. Harris walked. Willingham hit for Hernandez. Willingham flied out to left. Nieves singled to left, Harris to second. Belliard hit for Tavarez. Belliard singled to center, Harris scored, Nieves to second. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Guzman reached on infield single to third, Nieves to third, Belliard to second. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Nieves and Belliard scored, Guzman to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Wells pitching for Nationals. Belliard at second base. Molina homered to left. Winn grounded out to pitcher. Rowand flied out to center. Ishikawa flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Dunn grounded out to second. Medders pitching for Giants. Kearns struck out swinging. Harris lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Beimel pitching for Nationals. Dukes in left field. Uribe hit for Schierholtz. Uribe flied out to center. Aurilia hit for Medders. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Burriss singled to center. Renteria walked. Sandoval homered to left, Burriss and Renteria scored. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Nationals 7 - Giants 9.	Sandoval's HR pushes Giants past Nats in 9th