Nationals - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Guzman struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to second. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Castillo lined out to shortstop. Wright singled to left. Wright stole second. Sheffield lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Dunn singled to left. Willingham singled to center, Dunn to second. Harris grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Willingham out at second, Dunn to third. Bard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Tatis grounded out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Santos doubled to left. Martinez doubled to right center, Santos scored. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Hernandez singled to center. Stammen sacrificed to first, Hernandez to second. Guzman flied out to right, Hernandez to third. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Pagan singled to center. Pagan stole second. Castillo walked. Wright lined out to right, Pagan to third. Sheffield walked, Castillo to second. Tatis singled to shallow center, Pagan scored, Castillo to third, Sheffield to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Castillo scored, Tatis out at second, Sheffield to third. Santos fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dunn walked. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to second. Pagan reached on infield single to pitcher. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Harris grounded out to first. Bard doubled to deep left. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Stammen singled to center, Bard thrown out at home, Stammen to second advancing on throw. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Wright struck out swinging. Sheffield safe at first on error by third baseman Zimmerman. Tatis lined out to center. Martinez hit by pitch, Sheffield to second. Santos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sheffield out at third, Martinez to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Guzman singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Martinez lined out to left. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Pagan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Dunn homered to left. Willingham struck out swinging. Harris popped out to second. Bard flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop. Wright singled to left, Castillo to second. Sheffield homered to left, Castillo and Wright scored. Tatis hit by pitch. Wells pitching for Nationals. Martinez struck out swinging. Santos grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tatis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Hernandez struck out looking. Maxwell hit for Wells. Maxwell hit by pitch. Guzman doubled to deep right, Maxwell to third. Johnson flied out to center. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to third. Pagan walked. Castillo walked, Pagan to second. Pagan to third, Castillo to second on wild pitch by Tavarez. Wright struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Reed in left field. Hernandez pitching for Mets. Dunn grounded out to third. Willingham singled to left. Harris grounded out to second, Willingham to second. Bard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Mets 6.	Livan makes it a complete victory for Mets