Nationals - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Hernandez safe at first on error by shortstop Rollins. Johnson flied out to right. Zimmerman popped out to second. Dunn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Martis pitching for Nationals. Rollins lined out to right. Victorino flied out to center. Utley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Willingham singled to left. Kearns struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left, Willingham to second. Nieves doubled to deep left center, Willingham and Gonzalez scored. Martis grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez singled to center, Nieves scored, Hernandez to second advancing on throw. Johnson grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Howard homered to right. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Werth struck out swinging. Feliz grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Martis pitching for Nationals. Ruiz walked. Hamels sacrificed to pitcher, Ruiz to second. Rollins singled to right, Ruiz scored. Rollins stole second. Victorino walked. Utley reached on infield single to shortstop, Rollins to third, Victorino to second. Howard homered to right, Rollins, Victorino and Utley scored. Ibanez lined out to left. Werth flied out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Kearns walked. Gonzalez tripled to deep center, Kearns scored. Nieves struck out swinging. Martis struck out swinging. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Martis pitching for Nationals. Feliz grounded out to third. Ruiz doubled to left. Hamels doubled to right, Ruiz scored. Rollins singled to left, Hamels to third. Victorino popped out to second. Utley flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Johnson singled to center. Zimmerman struck out looking. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Ibanez safe at second on error by right fielder Dunn. Werth flied out to left. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Kearns reached on infield single to third. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Kearns to second. Nieves grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second, Kearns to third. Belliard hit for Bergmann. Belliard homered to left, Kearns scored. Hernandez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Ruiz grounded out to shortstop. Dobbs hit for Hamels. Dobbs walked. Rollins popped out to shortstop. Victorino doubled to right, Dobbs to third. Villone pitching for Nationals. Utley walked. Howard safe at first on error by second baseman Hernandez, Dobbs and Victorino scored, Utley to third. Ibanez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 7th. Eyre pitching for Phillies. Johnson singled to right. Zimmerman flied out to left. Dunn singled to center, Johnson to second. Condrey pitching for Phillies. Willingham flied out to left. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Tavarez pitching for Nationals. Werth doubled to deep right. Feliz lined out to left. Ruiz hit by pitch. Stairs hit for Condrey. Stairs struck out swinging. Wells pitching for Nationals. Werth stole third, Ruiz stole second. Rollins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Madson pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Nieves struck out swinging. Harris hit for Wells. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Victorino singled to right, Victorino to second on error by right fielder Dunn. Utley hit by pitch. Howard struck out swinging. Ibanez struck out swinging, Victorino stole third, Utley stole second. Werth struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 9th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Hernandez singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernandez out at second. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Phillies 9.	Howard's 2 homers power Phillies past Nats  \n\n