Nationals - Top 1st. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Morgan bunt popped out foul to catcher. Guzman singled to center. Zimmerman singled to center, Guzman to third. Dunn doubled to left, Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third. Willingham hit by pitch. Dukes hit sacrifice fly to center, Zimmerman scored. Bard flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. McCutchen homered to left. Milledge lined out to center. Jones singled to center. Doumit grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Stammen struck out swinging. Morgan reached on infield single to second. Guzman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to second. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Moss fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman singled to left. Dunn walked, Zimmerman to second. Willingham popped out to shortstop. Dukes grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Cedeno singled to left. Vasquez sacrificed to first, Cedeno to second. McCutchen reached on bunt single to catcher, Cedeno to third. Milledge doubled to deep left, Cedeno and McCutchen scored. Jones flied out to right. Doumit grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Bard singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Stammen flied out to right. Morgan singled to left, Bard to second. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Young singled to center. LaRoche tripled to deep center, Young scored. Moss singled to center, LaRoche scored, Moss to second on throwing error by center fielder Morgan. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Cedeno reached on infield single to second, Moss to third. Vasquez bunt popped into double play, second to first, Cedeno doubled off first. McCutchen homered to left, Moss scored. Milledge popped out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Vasquez pitching for Pirates. Zimmerman doubled to deep left. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham walked. Dukes flied out to left. Bard singled to deep right, Zimmerman scored, Willingham to third. Gonzalez lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Jones flied out to right. Doumit struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Vazquez at second base. Hernandez hit for Clippard. Hernandez doubled to deep right. Morgan reached on bunt single to pitcher, Hernandez to third. Guzman doubled to left, Hernandez scored, Morgan to third. Zimmerman flied out to right. Dunn struck out swinging. Willingham lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Kensing pitching for Nationals. LaRoche singled to left. Moss singled to right, LaRoche to third. Cedeno grounded out to second, LaRoche scored, Moss to second. Vazquez walked. McCutchen homered to left, Moss and Vazquez scored. Milledge flied out to right. Villone pitching for Nationals. Harris in left field. Jones doubled to deep left. Doumit flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Karstens pitching for Pirates. Dukes struck out swinging. Bard grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Pearce hit for Karstens. Villone pitching for Nationals. Pearce struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Moss popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Veal pitching for Pirates. Harris walked. Morgan walked, Harris to second. Meek pitching for Pirates. Guzman grounded out to catcher, Harris to third, Morgan to second. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Harris scored, Morgan to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Villone pitching for Nationals. Cedeno lined out to third. Vazquez hit by pitch. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vazquez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Kearns hit for Villone. Meek pitching for Pirates. Kearns walked. Dukes walked, Kearns to second. Bard struck out looking. Kearns to third, Dukes to second on wild pitch by Meek. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop, Kearns scored. Harris grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 6 - Pirates 11.	Pirates rookie McCutchen nails three homers \n\n