Nationals - Top 1st. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Harris grounded out to first. Guzman tripled to right. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to right, Guzman scored. Dunn singled to left. Willingham struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Schumaker doubled to deep center. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker out at third. Pujols fouled out to first. Holliday fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. Orr singled to center. Nieves grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Orr out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Ludwick walked. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ludwick out at second. Rasmus stole second. DeRosa walked. LaRue popped out to third. Boggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Stammen grounded out to shortstop. Harris singled to right. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harris out at second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Schumaker lined out to center. Ryan singled to center. Pujols walked, Ryan to second. Holliday homered to left, Ryan and Pujols scored. Ludwick struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Dunn fouled out to catcher. Willingham walked. Dukes singled to left, Willingham to second. Orr singled to left, Willingham to third, Dukes to second. Nieves grounded out to shortstop, Willingham scored, Dukes to third, Orr to second. Stammen popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. LaRue struck out looking. Boggs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Harris flied out to left. Guzman grounded out to first. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Schumaker grounded out to second. Ryan lined out to center. Pujols doubled to deep left. Holliday intentionally walked. Ludwick safe at second on error by shortstop Guzman, Pujols scored, Holliday to third. Villone pitching for Nationals. Rasmus homered to right, Holliday and Ludwick scored. DeRosa lined out to left. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Boggs pitching for Cardinals. Dunn homered to right. Willingham grounded out to third. Dukes popped out to first. Orr doubled to deep right. Nieves grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Sosa pitching for Nationals. LaRue struck out swinging. Thurston hit for Boggs. Thurston popped out to second. Schumaker hit ground rule double to left. Ryan singled to right, Schumaker scored. Pujols doubled to deep center, Ryan scored. Holliday grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Morse hit for Sosa. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Harris walked. Guzman singled to right center, Harris to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Harris scored, Guzman to second. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Dunn lined out to right. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Willingham walked, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second. Dukes struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Rasmus singled to left. DeRosa singled to right, Rasmus to third. LaRue grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Orr singled to center. Nieves struck out swinging. Belliard hit for Rivera. Belliard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Orr out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Orr in right field. Belliard at second base. Ankiel hit for Motte. Ankiel walked. Schumaker singled to right, Ankiel to second. Ryan grounded out to second, Ankiel to third, Schumaker to second. Pujols intentionally walked. Holliday struck out swinging. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Harris struck out looking. Guzman popped out to second. Zimmerman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 4 - Cardinals 9.	Holliday, Rasmus power Cardinals past Nats