Phillies - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Rollins flied out to center. Victorino singled to right. Utley tripled to deep right, Victorino scored. Howard hit sacrifice fly to left, Utley scored. Ibanez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Harris grounded out to first. Orr struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Werth singled to left. Feliz flied out to left. Ruiz walked, Werth to second. Blanton sacrificed to first, Werth to third, Ruiz to second. Rollins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Dunn flied out to center. Willingham safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Rollins. Dukes struck out looking, Willingham stole second. Desmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Victorino grounded out to first. Utley flied out to left. Howard grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Nieves singled to center. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Nieves to second. Harris walked. Orr tripled to deep right center, Nieves and Harris scored. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Werth struck out swinging. Feliz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Willingham grounded out to third. Dukes reached on bunt single to third. Desmond doubled to deep center, Dukes scored. Nieves walked. Hernandez sacrificed double play, catcher to second to pitcher, Desmond out at home, Nieves to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ruiz popped out to shortstop. Blanton singled to center. Rollins lined out to right. Victorino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Phillies. Harris doubled to deep right. Orr struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to center. Dunn homered to left center, Harris scored. Willingham walked. Dukes walked, Willingham to second. Desmond homered to left center, Willingham and Dukes scored. Walker pitching for Phillies. Nieves safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Utley grounded out to second. Howard struck out looking. Ibanez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Walker pitching for Phillies. Harris flied out to left. Orr struck out swinging. Zimmerman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Werth fouled out to catcher. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. Ruiz singled to right. Tracy hit for Walker. Tracy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Durbin pitching for Phillies. Dunn struck out looking. Willingham doubled to deep center. Maxwell ran for Willingham. Dukes walked. Desmond flied out to left. Nieves grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Harris in left field. Morse at first base. Maxwell in center field. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Rollins singled to right. Victorino flied out to right. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Utley grounded out to third, Rollins to second. Howard grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Lidge pitching for Phillies. Flores hit for Burnett. Flores popped out to first. Harris tripled to deep right. Orr struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Segovia pitching for Nationals. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Werth safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Desmond. Feliz reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth to second. Ruiz walked, Werth to third, Feliz to second. Stairs hit for Lidge. Stairs homered to right center, Werth, Feliz and Ruiz scored. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez at second base. Rollins singled to center. Rollins to second on wild pitch by MacDougal. Victorino doubled to left, Rollins scored. Villone pitching for Nationals. Utley reached on infield single to third, Victorino to third. Howard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Utley out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Nationals 8.	Desmond homers in debut, lifts Nats past Phils