Nationals - Top 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Harris walked. Desmond singled to center, Harris to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harris to third, Desmond to second. Harris scored, Desmond to third, Guzman to second on wild pitch by Volstad. Dunn walked. Dukes singled to right, Desmond and Guzman scored, Dunn to third. Maxwell flied out to center. Orr walked, Dukes to second. Nieves grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Orr out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Coghlan grounded out to second. Johnson lined out to first. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second. Cantu singled to left, Ramirez scored. Uggla reached on infield single to third, Cantu to second, Cantu to third on throwing error by third baseman Orr. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uggla out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Lannan grounded out to third. Harris walked. Desmond struck out looking. Guzman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Maybin grounded out to third. Volstad struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Dunn singled to center. Dukes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dunn out at second. Maxwell walked. Orr homered to right center, Maxwell scored. Nieves reached on infield single to pitcher. Lannan struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Coghlan reached on infield single to second. Johnson flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to second, Coghlan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Harris walked. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop, Harris to second, Harris to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Guzman singled to right, Harris scored, Desmond to second. Desmond to third on wild pitch by Miller. Dunn struck out swinging. Dukes fouled out to first. Maxwell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Uggla grounded out to third. Ross singled to left center. Paulino walked, Ross to second. Maybin struck out looking. Sanchez hit for Miller. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulino out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Marlins. Orr doubled to right. Orr to third on passed ball by Paulino. Nieves grounded out to shortstop, Orr scored. Lannan grounded out to shortstop. Harris grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Coghlan flied out to center. Johnson lined out to right. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Cantu lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Meyer pitching for Marlins. Desmond struck out looking. Guzman singled to left. Calero pitching for Marlins. Dunn struck out swinging. Dukes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Morse at first base. Uggla popped out to second. Ross struck out swinging. Paulino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Calero pitching for Marlins. Maxwell struck out looking. Orr flied out to center. Nieves grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Maybin singled to left. Gload hit for Calero. Gload lined out to shortstop. Coghlan lined out to left. Johnson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Gload at first base. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Harris singled to right. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harris out at second. Guzman reached on infield single to shortstop, Desmond to second. Gonzalez hit for Clippard. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Desmond at shortstop. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Gonzalez at second base. Ramirez singled to right. Cantu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Uggla walked. Uggla to second on passed ball by Nieves. Ross singled to left, Uggla scored. Paulino grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ross out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Dukes struck out looking. Maxwell struck out swinging. Orr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Maybin singled to center. Gload batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Marlins 2.	Lannan ends slump with rainy win over Marlins