Dodgers - Top 1st. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Furcal singled to center. Furcal stole second. Belliard grounded out to second, Furcal to third. Ethier grounded out to second, Furcal scored. Ramirez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Harris struck out looking. Guzman grounded out to second. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Kemp lined out to right. Loney lined out to left. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Dukes grounded out to shortstop. Bard popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Hudson flied out to center. Billingsley flied out to right. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Maxwell struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Detwiler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop. Ethier walked, Belliard to second. Ramirez flied out to right. Kemp flied out to center, Belliard to third. Loney walked, Ethier to second. Martin singled to right, Belliard scored, Ethier thrown out at home, Loney to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Harris struck out looking. Guzman flied out to center. Dunn walked. Zimmerman walked, Dunn to second. Dukes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Hudson flied out to right. Billingsley grounded out to shortstop. Furcal singled to right center. Furcal caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to shortstop. Belliard batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Bard grounded out to pitcher. Maxwell grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Belliard doubled to deep left. Ethier popped out to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Belliard to third. Kemp intentionally walked. Loney singled to left, Belliard scored, Kemp to second. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Martin fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Morse hit for Bergmann. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Morse walked. Harris struck out swinging. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Morse out at second. Dunn walked, Guzman to second. Zimmerman homered to left center, Guzman and Dunn scored. Dukes grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Hudson walked. Pierre hit for Billingsley. Pierre sacrificed to third, Hudson to second. Furcal flied out to center. Belliard walked. Ethier popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Bard struck out swinging. Maxwell walked. Gonzalez singled to right, Maxwell to second. Willingham hit for Clippard. Willingham flied out to left, Maxwell to third. Desmond hit for Harris. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Willingham in left field. Ramirez walked. Kemp struck out swinging. Loney singled to right, Ramirez to third. Martin lined into double play, to first, Loney doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Dodgers. Guzman singled to left. Dunn singled to left center, Guzman to second. Zimmerman fouled out to first. Dukes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guzman scored, Dunn out at second. Bard popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Padilla in left field. MacDougal pitching for Nationals. Hudson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman. Repko ran for Hudson. Thome hit for Sherrill. Thome singled to center, Repko to third. Castro ran for Thome. Furcal walked, Castro to second. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Repko scored on throwing error by shortstop Guzman, Castro to third, Furcal to second. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Ethier struck out swinging. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castro out at home, Furcal to third, Belliard to second. Kemp lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. McDonald pitching for Dodgers. Castro at second base. Maxwell singled to left. Gonzalez sacrificed to catcher, Maxwell to second. Maxwell stole third. Padilla walked. Orr hit for Rivera. Orr hit sacrifice fly to right, Maxwell scored, Padilla to second, Orr to first on error by right fielder Ethier. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Nationals 5.	Dodgers' error alllows Nats to avoid 100th loss