Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Giants. Parra singled to center. Parra caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hill struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan walked. Belt homered to right center (393 feet), Pagan scored. Sandoval singled to right. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sandoval out at second. Pence struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Prado singled to center. Montero hit by pitch, Prado to second. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Montero out at second, Prado to third, Prado scored, Trumbo to second on throwing error by second baseman Hicks. Owings fouled out to first. Pollock flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Morse struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right center. Hicks struck out looking. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Cahill grounded out to pitcher. Parra flied out to left. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan doubled to deep left center. Belt singled to right, Pagan to third. Sandoval flied out to left. Posey singled to center, Pagan scored, Belt to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second, Belt to third. Pence stole second. Morse singled to right, Belt and Pence scored. Crawford struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt doubled to center. Prado singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Montero hit sacrifice fly to center, Goldschmidt scored. Trumbo flied out to left. Owings lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Hicks struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Pagan singled to right. Rowland-Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Belt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Pollock singled to center. Rowland-Smith struck out swinging. Parra flied out to center. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Sandoval lined out to right. Posey lined out to center. Pence walked. Morse hit ground rule double to deep left, Pence to third. Blanco ran for Morse. Crawford singled to right, Pence and Blanco scored, Crawford to second advancing on throw. Hicks intentionally walked. Hudson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Blanco in left field. Hudson pitching for Giants. Goldschmidt grounded out to catcher. Prado singled to left. Montero lined into double play, second to first, Prado doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Diamondbacks. Pagan struck out swinging. Belt popped out to third. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Trumbo grounded out to third. Owings grounded out to second. Pollock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to pitcher. Pence struck out swinging. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Campana hit for Ziegler. Hudson pitching for Giants. Campana tripled to right center. Parra grounded out to second, Campana scored. Hill struck out swinging. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Crawford struck out swinging. Hicks struck out swinging. Adrianza hit for Hudson. Adrianza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Prado lined out to center. Montero grounded out to pitcher. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 7.	Hudson, Morse spark Giants in home opener