Rockies - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Blackmon flied out to left. Stubbs grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki walked. Tulowitzki to second on passed ball by Sanchez. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Pence flied out to right. Posey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rosario struck out looking. Dickerson flied out to right. Rutledge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Sandoval singled to right. Morse walked, Sandoval to second. Sanchez flied out to left, Sandoval to third, Morse to second. Hicks struck out swinging. Adrianza intentionally walked. Lincecum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. LeMahieu struck out swinging. De La Rosa singled to right. Blackmon walked, De La Rosa to second. Stubbs singled to left center, De La Rosa to third, Blackmon to second. Tulowitzki popped out to third. Morneau singled to right, De La Rosa and Blackmon scored, Stubbs to third. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Pagan doubled to deep center. Pence singled to left, Pagan scored. Posey grounded out to third, Pence to second. Sandoval grounded out to shortstop, Pence to third. Morse singled to right, Pence scored. Sanchez singled to left, Morse to second. Hicks struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Dickerson flied out to left. Rutledge struck out swinging. LeMahieu grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Adrianza lined out to center. Lincecum struck out swinging. Pagan walked. Pagan caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pence batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Kahnle flied out to right. Blackmon lined out to center. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Pence struck out swinging. Posey reached on infield single to pitcher. Sandoval grounded out to second, Posey to second. Morse doubled to center, Posey scored, Morse to third on error by center fielder Stubbs. Sanchez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 6th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Morneau struck out swinging. Rosario grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Hicks struck out swinging. Adrianza safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kahnle. Colvin hit for Lincecum. Colvin flied out to center. Pagan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Dickerson flied out to left. Rutledge struck out looking. LeMahieu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Pence doubled to deep right. Posey grounded out to shortstop, Pence to third. Pence scored on Martin's wild pitch. Sandoval singled to right. Morse grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Perez in left field. Barnes hit for Martin. Gutierrez pitching for Giants. Barnes struck out swinging. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Blackmon struck out swinging. Machi pitching for Giants. Stubbs grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Sanchez struck out swinging. Hicks flied out to left. Adrianza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Romo pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki singled to center. Culberson ran for Tulowitzki. Morneau singled to center, Culberson to second. Rosario flied out to center, Culberson to third, Morneau to second. Dickerson intentionally walked. Wheeler hit for Rutledge. Wheeler singled to center, Culberson and Morneau scored, Dickerson to second. Dickerson to third, Wheeler to second on wild pitch by Romo. LeMahieu singled to center, Dickerson scored, Wheeler to third, LeMahieu to second advancing on throw. Kontos pitching for Giants. Blanco in left field. McKenry hit for Belisle. McKenry singled to left, Wheeler scored, LeMahieu to third. LeMahieu scored, McKenry caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Blackmon walked. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Stubbs batting. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Culberson at shortstop. Wheeler at third base. LeMahieu at second base. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Blanco struck out swinging. Pagan grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Giants 4.	Rockies edge Giants; Tulowitzki leaves in 9th