Giants - Top 1st. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Pence flied out to left. Panik grounded out to pitcher. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Giants. Yelich singled to right. Valdespin singled to right, Yelich to second. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valdespin out at second, Yelich to third. McGehee singled to center, Yelich scored. McGehee stole second. Jones lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Sandoval doubled to left. Morse grounded out to third. Belt doubled to deep right, Sandoval scored. Crawford flied out to left. Belt to third on passed ball by Saltalamacchia. Belt scored on throwing error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Blanco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Giants. Ozuna lined out to right. Saltalamacchia singled to left. Hechavarria grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Alvarez pitching for Marlins. Hudson struck out swinging. Pence doubled to deep right. Panik grounded out to pitcher, Pence to third. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Posey grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Morse at first base. Colvin in left field. Hudson pitching for Giants. Dyson grounded out to shortstop. Yelich singled to center. Valdespin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Yelich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Sandoval singled to center. Morse struck out swinging. Colvin hit by pitch, Sandoval to second. Crawford grounded out to first, Sandoval to third, Colvin to second. Blanco intentionally walked. Hudson walked, Sandoval scored, Colvin to third, Blanco to second. Pence singled to right, Colvin and Blanco scored, Hudson to third, Pence to second on error by right fielder Stanton. Panik grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee flied out to right. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Posey walked. Sandoval singled to center, Posey to second. Morse grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sandoval out at second, Posey to third. Colvin popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Ozuna grounded out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia grounded out to shortstop. Hechavarria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Dyson pitching for Marlins. Crawford walked. Blanco reached on infield single to third, Crawford to second. Hudson sacrificed to pitcher, Crawford to third, Blanco to second. Pence lined out to right. Panik grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Solano hit for Dyson. Hudson pitching for Giants. Solano singled to center. Yelich struck out looking. Valdespin popped out to shortstop. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Hatcher pitching for Marlins. Posey flied out to center. Sandoval grounded out to first. Morse struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Hudson pitching for Giants. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. Jones flied out to left. Ozuna tripled to deep right center. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Colvin lined out to left. Crawford walked. Blanco singled to left, Crawford to third. Hudson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Giants. Hechavarria grounded out to second. Baker hit for Jennings. Baker singled to center. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Yelich lined out to shortstop. Baker to second on wild pitch by Affeldt. Valdespin fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Pence flied out to left. Panik flied out to left. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 9th. Arias at third base. Romo pitching for Giants. Stanton homered to left (417 feet). McGehee flied out to right. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Ozuna doubled to deep center. Casilla pitching for Giants. Ozuna to third on wild pitch by Casilla. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Ozuna scored. Hechavarria lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Marlins 3.	Hudson gets some support, Giants beat Marlins 5-3