Giants - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Phillies. Pence lined out to right. Scutaro fouled out to catcher. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Sizemore flied out to left. Rollins reached on infield single to second. Utley singled to right, Rollins to second. Howard flied out to center, Rollins to third, Utley to second. Byrd grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Sandoval singled to shallow left. Morse singled to right, Sandoval to second. Duvall struck out swinging. Sandoval to third, Morse to second on wild pitch by Lee. Crawford struck out looking. Blanco singled to right, Sandoval scored, Morse thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Brown lined out to center. Asche singled to center. Rupp singled to right, Asche to second. Lee sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Asche to third, Rupp to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Rollins singled to shallow left, Asche and Rupp scored, Lee to second. Utley flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Phillies. Vogelsong singled to right. Pence singled to shallow left, Vogelsong to second. Scutaro sacrificed to first, Vogelsong to third, Pence to second. Posey singled to center, Vogelsong and Pence scored. Sandoval flied out to center. Posey out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Morse batting. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Howard singled to right. Byrd singled to left, Howard to second. Brown out on infield fly to shortstop. Asche singled to center, Howard to third, Byrd to second. Rupp struck out looking. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Morse walked. Duvall singled to left, Morse to second. Crawford fouled out to third. Blanco singled to right, Morse to third, Duvall to second. Vogelsong grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morse out at home, Duvall to third, Blanco to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vogelsong out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Sizemore singled to right. Rollins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sizemore safe at second on error by shortstop Crawford. Utley singled to right, Sizemore to third, Rollins to second. Howard singled to left, Sizemore and Rollins scored, Utley to third. Kontos pitching for Giants. Byrd struck out looking. Brown struck out looking. Asche flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Scutaro lined out to third. Posey grounded out to third. Sandoval flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Rupp singled to shallow left. Lee struck out looking. Sizemore flied out to center. Rollins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Lee pitching for Phillies. Morse singled to shallow left. Duvall homered to center (415 feet), Morse scored. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Blanco struck out looking. Arias hit for Kontos. Arias doubled to center. Pence singled to left, Arias scored. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Adrianza hit for Scutaro. Pence stole second. Adrianza walked. Posey grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Adrianza at second base. Lopez pitching for Giants. Utley grounded out to second. Howard grounded out to shortstop. Byrd grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Bastardo pitching for Phillies. Sandoval reached on infield single to first. Morse flied out to right. Duvall struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Brown grounded out to pitcher. Asche reached on infield single to third. Machi pitching for Giants. Colvin in left field. Rupp grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Asche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Manship pitching for Phillies. Blanco walked. Colvin fouled out to catcher. Pence tripled to deep right, Blanco scored. Pence caught stealing home, to catcher. Adrianza singled to right. Posey flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Revere hit for Manship. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Revere grounded out to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. Rollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Hollands pitching for Phillies. Sandoval flied out to left. Sanchez hit for Affeldt. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Duvall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Utley flied out to center. Howard grounded out to second. Byrd singled to left. Byrd to second on fielder's indifference. Brown grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Phillies 4.	Duvall, Kontos help Giants beat Phillies