Giants - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Pagan struck out swinging. Pence struck out swinging. Posey singled to left. Sandoval safe at first on error by second baseman Infante, Posey to second. Morse lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 1st. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Aoki fouled out to left. Infante doubled to deep left. Perez lined out to third. Butler homered to left center (437 feet), Infante scored. Gordon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Arias doubled to deep left. Duffy singled to left, Arias to third. Perez struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Pagan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Cain flied out to center. Kratz struck out swinging. Moustakas singled to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moustakas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Pence singled to shallow right. Posey flied out to center. Sandoval singled to right, Pence thrown out at third. Morse singled to right, Sandoval to second. Arias doubled to left, Sandoval scored, Morse to third. Duffy singled to right, Morse scored, Arias thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Aoki hit by pitch. Infante grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aoki out at second. Perez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Perez singled to center. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez out at second. Pagan popped out to second. Pence flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Gordon safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford. Cain struck out swinging. Gordon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kratz batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Posey flied out to right. Sandoval struck out swinging. Morse grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Kratz lined out to right. Moustakas grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Frasor pitching for Royals. Arias struck out swinging. Duffy struck out swinging. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Aoki grounded out to shortstop. Infante singled to left. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Infante safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Morse, Infante to third, Perez to first on throwing error by second baseman Duffy. Butler singled to shallow right, Infante scored, Perez to second. Gordon singled to left, Perez scored, Butler thrown out at third, Gordon to second advancing on throw. Cain flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Dyson in center field. Cain in right field. Crawford struck out swinging. Pagan singled to right. Pence grounded out to second, Pagan to second. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Kratz singled to left. Moustakas grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Kratz out at second. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Davis pitching for Royals. Sandoval singled to center. Morse singled to right center, Sandoval to second. Panik hit for Arias. Panik struck out swinging. Ishikawa ran for Morse. Duffy grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ishikawa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Ishikawa at first base. Panik at second base. Duffy at third base. Bumgarner pitching for Giants. Dyson grounded out to third. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Holland pitching for Royals. Blanco hit for Perez. Blanco grounded out to second. Crawford struck out swinging. Pagan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 2 - Royals 4.	Butler, Royals win 5th straight, 4-2 over Giants