Giants - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pagan singled to left center. Panik flied out to left. Posey grounded out to second, Pagan to third. Sandoval singled to left, Pagan scored. Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Peavy pitching for Giants. Kinsler popped out to second. Hunter grounded out to second. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Blanco tripled to deep right center. Ishikawa singled to left, Blanco scored. Duvall singled to left, Ishikawa to second. Crawford sacrificed to pitcher, Ishikawa to third, Duvall to second. Pagan grounded out to second, Ishikawa scored, Duvall to third. Panik reached on infield single to second, Duvall scored, Panik out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Martinez grounded out to third. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Holaday bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Posey singled to left. Sandoval lined out to right. Pence singled to right, Posey to second. Blanco doubled to deep right, Posey scored, Pence to third. Ishikawa intentionally walked. Duvall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pence out at home, Blanco to third, Ishikawa to second. Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher, Blanco scored, Ishikawa to third, Duvall to second. Pagan grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Peavy pitching for Giants. Suarez grounded out to pitcher. Davis grounded out to third. Kinsler flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Panik singled to right. Posey singled to right, Panik to second. Sandoval grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Posey out at second, Panik to third. Pence safe at first on error by third baseman Castellanos, Panik scored. Blanco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Perez in center field. Peavy pitching for Giants. Hunter singled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Hunter to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second, Hunter to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Ishikawa flied out to left. Duvall grounded out to shortstop. Crawford singled to right. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Castellanos reached on infield single to third. Holaday safe at second on error by left fielder Blanco, Castellanos to third. Suarez popped out to second. Davis grounded out to second, Castellanos scored, Holaday to third. Kinsler singled to shallow left, Holaday scored. Kinsler picked off first. Hunter batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 6th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Panik flied out to left. Posey struck out swinging. Sandoval homered to right (384 feet). Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Peavy pitching for Giants. Hunter flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Blanco flied out to center. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Duvall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Holaday doubled to deep left. Suarez flied out to left. Davis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Ryan pitching for Tigers. Crawford singled to right. Perez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at second. Panik struck out swinging. Posey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Kinsler singled to left. Hunter fouled out to first. Cabrera lined out to second, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. McCoy pitching for Tigers. Perez at second base. Moya in right field. Kelly at first base. Collins in left field. Carrera in center field. Sandoval flied out to left. Pence walked. Blanco walked, Pence to second. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Duvall fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Susac catching. Arias at third base. McCann hit for Martinez. McCann popped out to shortstop. Moya struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 8 - Tigers 2.	Peavy outlasts rain, leads Giants past Tigers