Cardinals - Top 1st . Lamb pitching for Reds . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . Díaz grounded out to third . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Cozart flied out to center . Votto doubled to deep center . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Votto stole third . Bruce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lamb pitching for Reds . Piscotty singled to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Piscotty caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Adams reached on infield single to third . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Duvall singled to center . Suárez fouled out to first . Hamilton singled to left , Duvall to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lamb pitching for Reds . Grichuk safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Suárez . Leake sacrificed to first , Grichuk to second . Carpenter flied out to right . Díaz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Lamb struck out looking . Cozart grounded out to shortstop . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Holliday flied out to right . Piscotty walked . Peralta doubled to deep center , Piscotty to third . Adams singled to left center , Piscotty scored , Peralta to third . Molina grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Adams out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Phillips singled to center . Bruce singled to center , Phillips to third . Duvall homered to left center ( 425 feet ) , Phillips and Bruce scored . Suárez doubled to deep left . Hamilton sacrificed to third , Suárez to third . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to left , Suárez scored . Lamb struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Grichuk grounded out to shortstop . Leake struck out swinging . Carpenter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Cozart flied out to center . Votto flied out to left . Phillips fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Holliday flied out to left . Piscotty grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Bruce flied out to right . Duvall grounded out to first . Suárez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Peralta popped out to second . Adams grounded out to shortstop . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Leake pitching for Cardinals . Hamilton homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Lamb struck out swinging . Cozart singled to center , Cabrera scored , Cozart to second advancing on throw . Kiekhefer pitching for Cardinals . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips intentionally walked . Bruce flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Lamb pitching for Reds . Grichuk walked . Gyorko hit for Kiekhefer . Gyorko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Grichuk out at second , Gyorko to second on throwing error by second baseman Phillips . Carpenter safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips , Gyorko to third . Wood pitching for Reds . Díaz hit sacrifice fly to center , Gyorko scored . Holliday singled to right , Carpenter to second . Piscotty reached on infield single to pitcher , Carpenter to third , Holliday to second . Peralta doubled to deep left , Carpenter and Holliday scored , Piscotty to third . Hazelbaker ran for Peralta . Cingrani pitching for Reds . Holt in right field . Adams flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Gyorko at third base . Duvall struck out swinging . Suárez grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton stole second . Cabrera walked , Hamilton stole third . Cabrera batting . Cabrera stole second . Holt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Cingrani pitching for Reds . Molina singled to right . Fryer ran for Molina . Grichuk flied out to right . Gyorko singled to left center , Fryer to second . Garcia ran for Gyorko . Carpenter doubled to deep left , Fryer and Garcia scored , Carpenter out stretching at third . Díaz popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Fryer catching . Garcia at third base . Cozart flied out to left . Votto homered to center ( 408 feet ) . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Reds 7 .	Votto 's homer in 9th leads Reds over Cardinals 7 - 6