Reds - Top 1st . Norris pitching for Braves . Peraza lined out to second . Votto walked . Phillips lined out to right . Bruce flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Smith reached on infield single to second . Inciarte doubled to deep right center , Smith scored . Freeman struck out swinging , Inciarte stole third . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inciarte out at home . Markakis singled to left , García to second . Peterson grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Norris pitching for Braves . Duvall grounded out to second . De Jesús grounded out to shortstop . Holt fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Flowers walked . Aybar flied out to left . Norris sacrificed to first , Flowers to second . Smith flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Norris pitching for Braves . Cabrera struck out looking . DeSclafani struck out swinging . Peraza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . DeSclafani pitching for Reds . Inciarte flied out to left . Freeman doubled to deep right . García singled to left , Freeman to third . Markakis walked , García to second . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freeman scored on throwing error by first baseman Votto , García to third , Markakis to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Aybar doubled to left center , García and Markakis scored , Peterson to third . Norris walked . Morris pitching for Reds . Smith struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Norris pitching for Braves . Votto walked . Phillips singled to center , Votto to second . Bruce doubled to left center , Votto scored , Phillips to third . Duvall hit sacrifice fly to right , Phillips scored , Bruce to third . De Jesús grounded out to shortstop , Bruce scored . Holt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Morris pitching for Reds . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Freeman tripled to deep right center . García grounded out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Norris pitching for Braves . Cabrera struck out swinging . Morris struck out swinging . Peraza reached on bunt single to pitcher . Peraza stole second . Votto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Morris pitching for Reds . Peterson walked . Smith pitching for Reds . Peterson stole second . Flowers struck out swinging . Aybar singled to center , Peterson scored , Aybar to second advancing on throw . Snyder hit for Norris . Snyder struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Kelly pitching for Braves . Phillips singled to third , advances to second on throwing error by third baseman García . Bruce singled to left center , Phillips scored . Duvall doubled to deep right center , Bruce to third . De Jesús singled to center , Bruce and Duvall scored . Holt lined into double play , center to first , De Jesús doubled off first . Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Smith grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Smith pitching for Reds . Inciarte grounded out to second . Freeman homered to left ( 371 feet ) . García grounded out to shortstop . Markakis lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Peraza grounded out to shortstop . Votto singled to center . Withrow pitching for Braves . Phillips lined out to right . Cervenka pitching for Braves . Votto stole second . Bruce flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Hoover pitching for Reds . Peterson grounded out to second . Flowers singled to center . Aybar singled to right , Flowers to second . Francoeur hit for Cervenka . Francoeur struck out swinging . Smith flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Duvall flied out to left . De Jesús lined out to center . Holt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Ohlendorf pitching for Reds . Inciarte lined out to left . Freeman struck out looking . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Johnson pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to left . Selsky ran for Cabrera . Barnhart hit for Ohlendorf . Barnhart bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Selsky out at second . Peraza grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Barnhart out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Ramírez pitching for Reds . Barnhart catching . Markakis struck out looking . Peterson struck out swinging . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 10th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips reached on infield single to shortstop . Bruce struck out swinging . Duvall struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 10th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Aybar struck out swinging . d'Arnaud hit for Vizcaíno . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Smith singled to left , Smith to second on error by left fielder Duvall . Inciarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 11th . Álvarez pitching for Braves . d'Arnaud in left field . De Jesús struck out swinging . Holt walked . Cozart hit for Ramírez . Holt stole second . Cozart intentionally walked . Barnhart struck out swinging . Peraza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 11th . Cingrani pitching for Reds . Freeman singled to center . Freeman to second on balk by Cingrani . García reached on infield single to third , Freeman to third . García to second on fielder 's indifference . Markakis walked . Peterson grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Freeman out at home , García to third , Markakis to second . Flowers flied out to center . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 12th . Rafael Alvarez pitching for Braves . Votto struck out swinging . Phillips flied out to right . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 12th . Simon pitching for Reds . De Jesús at second base . Suárez at third base . d'Arnaud struck out swinging . Pierzynski hit for Álvarez . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte walked . Freeman reached on infield single to second , Inciarte to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 13th . Ogando pitching for Braves . Duvall walked . De Jesús sacrificed to catcher , Duvall to second , De Jesús safe at first on error by second baseman Peterson . Holt sacrificed to pitcher , Duvall to third , De Jesús to second . Suárez struck out swinging . Barnhart intentionally walked . Peraza walked , Duvall scored , De Jesús to third , Barnhart to second . Votto singled to left , De Jesús scored , Barnhart thrown out at home , Peraza to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 13th . Simon pitching for Reds . García singled to left . Markakis reached on infield single to second , García to second . Peterson doubled to deep right , García scored , Markakis to third . Flowers singled to left , Markakis scored , Peterson to third . Bruce in center field . Holt in right field . Aybar intentionally walked , Flowers to second . Bruce in right field . Holt in center field . d'Arnaud singled to center , Peterson scored , Flowers to third , Aybar to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 8 - Braves 9 .	Freeman cycles , d'Arnaud wins it for Braves in 13th vs Reds