Reds - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Brewers . Hamilton reached on infield single to second . Cozart flied out to center . Votto grounded out to pitcher , Hamilton to second . Duvall struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Straily pitching for Reds . Villar singled to center . Arcia struck out swinging , Villar stole second . Villar caught stealing third , catcher to third . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Phillips singled to right center . Schebler popped out to third . Suárez flied out to center . Barnhart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Straily pitching for Reds . Gennett singled to right . Carter struck out swinging . Pérez lined out to left . Broxton singled to center , Gennett to second . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Brewers . Straily grounded out to second . Hamilton tripled to deep right . Cozart grounded out to third . Votto singled to left , Hamilton scored . Duvall singled to center , Votto to second . Phillips flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Straily pitching for Reds . Davies struck out swinging . Villar grounded out to third . Arcia grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Schebler lined out to first . Suárez struck out swinging . Barnhart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Straily pitching for Reds . Braun grounded out to shortstop . Gennett singled to right center . Carter flied out to right . Pérez doubled to deep right , Gennett out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Straily struck out swinging . Hamilton lined out to center . Cozart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Straily pitching for Reds . Broxton flied out to right . Maldonado flied out to right . Davies singled to center . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Brewers . Votto singled to center . Duvall singled to deep left , Votto to second . Phillips singled to right , Votto scored , Duvall to third , Phillips to second advancing on throw . Duvall scored , Phillips to third on wild pitch by Davies . Schebler walked . Blazek pitching for Brewers . Suárez homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Phillips and Schebler scored . Barnhart reached on infield single to second . Straily grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Barnhart safe at second on throwing error by catcher Maldonado , Barnhart to third , Straily to first on throwing error by shortstop Arcia . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Straily out at second . Cozart singled to center , Barnhart scored , Hamilton to third . Votto doubled to deep right , Hamilton scored , Cozart to third . Duvall hit sacrifice fly to right , Cozart scored . Phillips lined out to right . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Holt in center field . Straily pitching for Reds . Arcia flied out to right . Braun homered to center ( 423 feet ) . Gennett singled to center . Carter singled to left , Gennett to second . Pérez singled to center , Gennett to third , Carter to second . Díaz pitching for Reds . Broxton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gennett scored , Pérez out at second , Carter to third . Maldonado walked , Broxton to second . Flores hit for Blazek . Flores struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Schebler grounded out to second . Suárez doubled to deep right . Barnhart singled to center , Suárez to third . Renda hit for Díaz . Renda grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Suárez scored , Barnhart out at second . Holt lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Reds . Villar struck out swinging . Arcia grounded out to pitcher . Braun doubled to deep right . Gennett grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Cozart singled to right . Votto doubled to deep left , Cozart to third . Duvall struck out swinging . Phillips grounded out to shortstop , Cozart scored , Votto to third . Schebler flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Reds . De Jesús Jr. at first base . Carter flied out to center . Pérez grounded out to second . Broxton doubled to deep left . Maldonado homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Broxton scored . Wilkins hit for Torres . Wilkins flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Knebel pitching for Brewers . Suárez struck out swinging . Barnhart struck out swinging . De Jesús Jr. lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Smith pitching for Reds . Villar walked . Arcia lined out to center . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Villar out at second . Gennett doubled to right , Braun scored . Carter flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 11 - Brewers 5 .	Suarez homers , Reds score 8 runs in 6th to beat Brewers 11 - 5