Tigers - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Mariners . Jackson struck out looking . Rhymes struck out looking . Kelly grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Coke pitching for Tigers . Suzuki walked . Figgins walked , Suzuki to second . Bradley safe at first on error by pitcher Coke , Suzuki to third , Figgins to second . Cust walked , Suzuki scored , Figgins to third , Bradley to second . Olivo flied out to left . Ryan grounded out to shortstop , Figgins scored , Bradley to third , Cust to second . Ja Wilson walked . Gimenez singled to left center , Bradley and Cust scored , Ja Wilson to second . Saunders grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Cabrera walked . Boesch doubled to center , Cabrera to third . Raburn lined into double play , second to shortstop , Boesch doubled off second . Peralta singled to right , Cabrera scored . Avila struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Coke pitching for Tigers . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Figgins flied out to center . Bradley flied out to left . Cust grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Mariners . Inge flied out to right . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Rhymes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Coke pitching for Tigers . Olivo doubled to left . Ryan flied out to right . Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop , Olivo to third . Gimenez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Kelly flied out to right . Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins . Boesch flied out to left . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Saunders fouled out to right . Suzuki singled to right . Suzuki stole second . Suzuki stole third . Figgins singled to center , Suzuki scored . Figgins stole second . Figgins safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Cabrera . Bradley grounded out to third , Figgins scored . Cust singled to right center . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Olivo walked , Cust to second . Ryan flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Peralta grounded out to second . Avila struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Ja Wilson walked . Ja Wilson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Gimenez walked . Saunders singled to right , Gimenez to third , Saunders out stretching at second . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Rhymes grounded out to first . Kelly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Tigers . Figgins doubled to right . Bradley grounded out to second , Figgins to third . Cust intentionally walked . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Olivo fouled out to second . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Fister pitching for Mariners . Cabrera singled to left . Boesch singled to center , Cabrera to second . Raburn singled to right center , Cabrera to third , Boesch to second . Peralta popped out to shortstop . Avila walked , Cabrera scored , Boesch to third , Raburn to second . Wright pitching for Mariners . Inge grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Avila out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Ja Wilson walked . Gimenez walked , Ja Wilson to second . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Saunders reached on bunt single to third , Ja Wilson to third , Gimenez to second . Suzuki singled to center , Ja Wilson scored , Gimenez to third , Saunders to second . Figgins singled to left , Gimenez and Saunders scored , Suzuki to second . Bradley singled to center , Suzuki scored , Figgins to third . Cust struck out swinging . Olivo hit sacrifice fly to center , Figgins scored . Ryan walked , Bradley to second . Ja Wilson popped out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Jackson struck out swinging . Rhymes walked . Kelly singled to left , Rhymes to second . Cabrera singled to right , Rhymes scored , Kelly to second . Boesch reached on infield single to first , Kelly to third , Cabrera to second . Raburn struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Boesch out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Kelly at first base . Wells in right field . Santiago at third base . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Gimenez singled to right . Saunders doubled to right , Gimenez to third . Suzuki singled to left , Gimenez scored , Saunders to third . Rodriguez hit for Figgins . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Saunders scored . Bradley struck out looking . Cust struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Peguero in right field . Rodriguez at third base . Santos hit for Avila . Laffey pitching for Mariners . Santos singled to center . Santiago grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santos out at second . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Mariners 13 .	Fister , Figgins fuel Mariners blowout of Tigers