White Sox - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Tigers . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez grounded out to third . Quentin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to center . Rhymes walked . Ordonez singled to center , Rhymes to second . Cabrera lined out to right , Rhymes to third . Boesch flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Konerko struck out swinging . Dunn popped out to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Raburn flied out to right . Peralta singled to center . Avila singled to center , Peralta to second . Inge struck out swinging . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at third , Avila to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Beckham lined out to center . Morel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Rhymes grounded out to second . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Pierre grounded out to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Quentin hit by pitch . Konerko struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Boesch doubled to deep right . Boesch to third on wild pitch by Jackson . Raburn singled to left center , Boesch scored . Peralta safe at second on error by left fielder Pierre , Raburn to third . Avila tripled to deep center , Raburn and Peralta scored . Inge singled to left , Avila scored . Jackson reached on bunt single to catcher , Inge to second . Rhymes sacrificed to pitcher , Inge to third , Jackson to second . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Inge scored , Jackson to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Dunn struck out swinging . Rios grounded out to second . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Boesch struck out swinging . Raburn walked . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Raburn out at second . Avila reached on infield single to first , Peralta to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Beckham grounded out to third . Morel reached on infield single to third . Pierre walked , Morel to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Quentin popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for White Sox . Jackson singled to center . Rhymes flied out to center . Ordonez walked , Jackson to second . Cabrera doubled to center , Jackson scored , Ordonez to third . Boesch intentionally walked . Raburn hit sacrifice fly to center , Ordonez scored . Peralta singled to center , Cabrera scored , Boesch to second . Ohman pitching for White Sox . Avila struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wells in right field . Penny pitching for Tigers . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Dunn walked . Rios flied out to left . Pierzynski flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Gray pitching for White Sox . Inge singled to center . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inge out at second . Rhymes flied out to left . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Lillibridge hit for Beckham . Lillibridge singled to right . Morel singled to right , Lillibridge to second . Teahen hit for Pierre . Teahen struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to right . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Teahen in left field . Lillibridge at second base . Gray pitching for White Sox . Cabrera doubled to right . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Raburn singled to left , Cabrera scored . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Raburn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Konerko struck out swinging . Dunn flied out to left . Castro hit for Rios . Castro singled to center . Pierzynski singled to center , Castro to second . Lillibridge walked , Castro to third , Pierzynski to second . Morel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Tigers 9 .	Penny , Tigers shut out White Sox