Tigers - Top 1st . Gomez pitching for Indians . Jackson lined out to right . Rhymes singled to center . Ordonez grounded out to third , Rhymes to second . Cabrera homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Rhymes scored . Boesch safe at first on error by first baseman LaPorta . Boesch caught stealing second , catcher to second . Raburn batting . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Choo walked , Cabrera to second . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Gomez pitching for Indians . Raburn singled to deep right . Peralta flied out to right . Avila doubled to deep right center , Raburn to third . Inge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Raburn out at home . Jackson singled to left , Avila to third , Inge to second . Rhymes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Duncan singled to center . Cabrera struck out looking . Brantley struck out looking . LaPorta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Gomez pitching for Indians . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Boesch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Hannahan struck out swinging . Sizemore popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Gomez pitching for Indians . Raburn doubled to shallow left . Peralta grounded out to second , Raburn to third . Avila hit sacrifice fly to left , Raburn scored . Inge doubled to left . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Inge to third . Rhymes flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Choo singled to right . Santana struck out swinging . Duncan grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Gomez pitching for Indians . Ordonez singled to right . Cabrera flied out to center , Ordonez to second . Boesch flied out to left . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to catcher . Brantley flied out to left . LaPorta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Gomez pitching for Indians . Peralta grounded out to second . Avila singled to right . Inge safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera , Avila to second . Jackson struck out looking . Durbin pitching for Indians . Rhymes walked , Avila to third , Inge to second . Ordonez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 6th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Hannahan struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to first . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera stole second . Choo walked . Santana walked , Cabrera to third , Choo to second . Duncan singled to left center , Cabrera and Choo scored , Santana to second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Duncan out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Durbin pitching for Indians . Cabrera singled to left . Boesch singled to right , Cabrera to second . Smith pitching for Indians . Raburn grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Boesch to second . Peralta singled to center , Cabrera scored , Boesch to third . Avila hit sacrifice fly to left , Boesch scored . Inge struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Brantley grounded out to second . LaPorta homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Hannahan popped out to first . Sizemore walked . Cabrera homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Sizemore scored . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Choo lined out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Pestano pitching for Indians . Jackson struck out swinging . Rhymes grounded out to first . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Santana grounded out to shortstop . Perry pitching for Tigers . Duncan grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Brantley singled to center , Cabrera to second . LaPorta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Perez pitching for Indians . Cabrera flied out to center . Boesch flied out to center . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Hannahan singled to center . Everett ran for Hannahan . Sizemore singled to right , Everett to third . Cabrera intentionally walked , Sizemore to second . Choo struck out swinging . Santana homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Everett , Sizemore and Cabrera scored . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Indians 9 .	Santana walk - off slam lifts Indians