Tigers - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Jackson singled to left center . Kelly walked , Jackson to second . Boesch homered to right ( 415 feet ) , Jackson and Kelly scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez doubled to deep right . Dirks fouled out to third . Peralta flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Kinsler popped out to third . Andrus flied out to center . Hamilton singled to right . Young struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Avila struck out swinging , Avila safe at first on wild pitch by Lewis . Raburn struck out swinging . Jackson struck out swinging . Kelly flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beltre singled to left . Cruz struck out swinging . Moreland singled to right , Beltre to second . Torrealba lined into double play , to first , Moreland doubled off first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Boesch homered to right ( 419 feet ) . Cabrera singled to right . Martinez flied out to left . Dirks homered to right ( 358 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Peralta grounded out to third . Avila homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Raburn grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Chavez walked . Kinsler tripled to deep left , Chavez scored . Andrus grounded out to pitcher , Kinsler scored . Hamilton flied out to right . Young grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Kelly singled to right . Boesch singled to right , Kelly to second . Cabrera doubled to deep left center , Kelly scored , Boesch to third . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Boesch scored . Dirks grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beltre reached on infield single to second . Cruz homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Beltre scored . Moreland grounded out to first . Torrealba doubled to deep left . Chavez flied out to center . Kinsler singled to center , Torrealba scored , Kinsler to second advancing on throw . Andrus struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Peralta struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . Raburn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Hamilton popped out to third . Young safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta . Beltre flied out to left . Cruz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Jackson doubled to deep center . Kelly sacrificed to pitcher , Jackson to third . Boesch doubled to right , Jackson scored . Cabrera intentionally walked . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Boesch to third , Cabrera to second . Dirks flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Moreland flied out to right . Torrealba grounded out to pitcher . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Peralta doubled to deep left . Avila grounded out to third . Raburn flied out to right , Peralta to third . Jackson intentionally walked . Worth hit for Kelly . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Worth singled to center , Peralta scored , Jackson to second . Boesch flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Worth at third base . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Kinsler singled to right . Andrus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Kinsler out at second . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out looking . Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . Dirks flied out to center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Young grounded out to pitcher . Beltre hit by pitch . Cruz homered to left center ( 447 feet ) , Beltre scored . Moreland flied out to right . Torrealba flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Avila grounded out to second . Raburn singled to left . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Raburn to second . Worth doubled to deep right center , Raburn and Jackson scored . Boesch singled to left , Worth to third . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Boesch out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Wells in right field . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Chavez struck out swinging . Kinsler walked . Andrus struck out swinging . Hamilton walked , Kinsler to second . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 13 - Rangers 7 .	Boesch erupts as Tigers rock Rangers