Indians - Top 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Sizemore struck out looking . Santana hit by pitch . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Santana out at second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jackson walked . Kelly flied out to left . Jackson stole second . Boesch walked . Cabrera lined out to right . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to center . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Buck struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Dirks singled to left center . Avila struck out swinging . Santiago struck out looking , Dirks stole second . Dirks to third on passed ball by Santana . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Verlander pitching for Tigers . LaPorta grounded out to shortstop . Hannahan struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jackson singled to center . Kelly safe at first on error by second baseman Cabrera , Jackson to second . Boesch singled to shallow left , Jackson to third , Kelly to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Jackson scored , Kelly to third . Martinez walked , Boesch to second . Dirks singled to center , Kelly scored , Boesch to third , Martinez to second . Avila hit sacrifice fly to center , Boesch scored . Santiago walked , Martinez to third , Dirks to second . Raburn struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 4th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana struck out swinging . Brantley struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Jackson flied out to right . Kelly flied out to left . Boesch grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Choo struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to third . Buck flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Cabrera walked . Martinez flied out to center . Dirks struck out swinging , Cabrera stole second . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . LaPorta flied out to center . Hannahan struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to first . Raburn singled to center . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Raburn to second . Kelly flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Santana flied out to center . Brantley walked . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Brantley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Boesch grounded out to second . Cabrera singled to center . Martinez singled to right , Cabrera to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Dirks singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . Avila grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dirks out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Wells in right field . Worth at second base . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Choo grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Buck struck out swinging . LaPorta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Indians . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . Wells singled to right . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop , Wells to second , Wells tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Kelly singled to left center , Jackson to second . Worth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kelly out at second , Jackson to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Hannahan grounded out to shortstop . Sizemore struck out swinging . Santana singled to left . Brantley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 0 - Tigers 4 .	Verlander 's 2 - hitter lands Tigers in 1st