Giants - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Tigers . Rowand doubled to right . Burriss reached on bunt single to third , Rowand to third . Sandoval flied out to left , Rowand thrown out at home , Burriss to second . Burriss to third on wild pitch by Penny . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Jackson struck out swinging . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to right . Cabrera singled to center , Ordonez to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ordonez out at third , Cabrera to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Ross flied out to center . Schierholtz singled to center . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Schierholtz safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cabrera . Hall flied out to center . Stewart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Raburn flied out to right . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Rowand struck out swinging . Burriss grounded out to second . Sandoval flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Inge grounded out to third . Jackson singled to left . Wells lined out to center . Ordonez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Huff flied out to right . Ross singled to center . Schierholtz lined out to center . Crawford walked , Ross to second . Hall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cabrera flied out to center . Martinez grounded out to second . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Stewart flied out to left . Rowand singled to center . Burriss grounded out to first , Rowand to second . Sandoval doubled to deep center , Rowand scored . Huff grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Raburn struck out looking . Avila struck out swinging . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Ross singled to right . Schierholtz grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ross out at second . Crawford grounded out to third , Schierholtz to second . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Jackson singled to center . Jackson stole second . Wells struck out looking . Jackson caught stealing third , catcher to third . Ordonez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Stewart popped out to second . Rowand struck out looking . Burriss walked . Sandoval flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Cabrera flied out to right . Martinez singled to center . Peralta struck out swinging , Martinez stole second . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Oliveros pitching for Tigers . Huff struck out looking . Ross struck out swinging . Schierholtz singled to left center . Crawford walked , Schierholtz to second . Hall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Avila grounded out to shortstop . Inge walked . Romo pitching for Giants . Dirks hit for Jackson . Dirks flied out to right . Boesch hit for Wells . Lopez pitching for Giants . Boesch singled to center , Inge to third . Wilson pitching for Giants . Ordonez singled to right , Inge scored , Boesch to second . Boesch to third , Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Cabrera lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Dirks in center field . Boesch in left field . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Stewart doubled to deep right center . Rowand singled to right center , Stewart to third . Burriss struck out swinging . Sandoval hit ground rule double to deep center , Stewart scored , Rowand to third . Huff intentionally walked . Ross popped out to second . Schierholtz walked , Rowand scored , Sandoval to third , Huff to second . Villarreal pitching for Tigers . Crawford walked , Sandoval scored , Huff to third , Schierholtz to second . Hall grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Martinez singled to center . Peralta singled to right , Martinez to second . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Peralta out at second , Martinez to third . Avila walked , Raburn to second . Inge singled to left , Martinez scored , Raburn to third , Avila to second . Affeldt pitching for Giants . Dirks safe at first on error by second baseman Burriss , Raburn scored , Avila to third , Inge to second . Boesch lined into double play , to shortstop , Inge doubled off second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Giants 4 - Tigers 3 .	Giants escape bases - loaded jam to nip Tigers