Tigers - Top 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Dirks grounded out to second . Santiago grounded out to second . Boesch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Getz struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Gordon singled to right , Cabrera to second . Butler singled to right , Cabrera to third , Gordon to second . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera scored , Butler out at second , Gordon to third . Francoeur flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep right . Kelly grounded out to first , Martinez to third . Avila grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Betemit singled to left . Treanor singled to center , Betemit to third . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betemit scored , Treanor out at second . Escobar stole second . Getz singled to left , Escobar to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . Getz stole second . Gordon hit by pitch . Butler singled to left , Escobar and Getz scored , Gordon to second . Hosmer flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Raburn doubled to deep left center . Wells grounded out to third . Dirks singled to right , Raburn to third . Santiago struck out swinging . Boesch singled to center , Raburn scored , Dirks to third . Cabrera singled to center , Dirks scored , Boesch to second . Martinez lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Francoeur flied out to center . Betemit grounded out to third . Treanor walked . Treanor stole second . Escobar safe at first on error by shortstop Santiago , Treanor to third . Getz singled to right , Treanor scored , Escobar to third . Cabrera singled to center , Escobar scored , Getz to second . Gordon homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Getz and Cabrera scored . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Butler flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Kelly singled to right . Avila doubled to deep right , Kelly to third . Raburn walked . Wells struck out swinging . Dirks lined out to shortstop , Kelly scored on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Santiago singled to right , Avila scored , Raburn to third . Boesch singled to left center , Raburn scored , Santiago to second . Cabrera walked , Santiago to third , Boesch to second . Martinez walked , Santiago scored , Boesch to third , Cabrera to second . Holland pitching for Royals . Kelly flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to third . Betemit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Royals . Avila struck out swinging . Raburn doubled to deep left center . Wells flied out to center . Raburn to third on wild pitch by Holland . Dirks lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Treanor struck out swinging . Escobar walked . Getz walked , Escobar to second . Cabrera singled to center , Escobar scored , Cabrera to second , Getz to second , Getz thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Gordon struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Royals . Santiago struck out looking . Boesch singled to right center . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boesch out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Wilk pitching for Tigers . Butler singled to left . Hosmer grounded out to third , Butler to second . Perry pitching for Tigers . Francoeur safe at first on error by second baseman Raburn , Butler to third . Francoeur to second on wild pitch by Perry . Betemit intentionally walked . Treanor hit sacrifice fly to right , Butler scored , Francoeur to third . Escobar tripled to deep center , Francoeur and Betemit scored . Getz flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Martinez struck out swinging . Kelly flied out to left . Avila flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Cabrera struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to second . Butler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Maier in right field . Teaford pitching for Royals . Raburn fouled out to right . Wells singled to center . Dirks flied out to left . Santiago popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Oliveros pitching for Tigers . Hosmer grounded out to second . Maier grounded out to third . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Teaford pitching for Royals . Boesch struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Royals 13 .	Gordon 's 3 - run HR helps Royals outslug Tigers