Athletics - Top 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Weeks safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera . Weeks caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sweeney struck out swinging . Crisp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out looking . Boesch grounded out to shortstop . Ordonez singled to left center . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Matsui fouled out to third . Sizemore struck out looking . DeJesus hit by pitch . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Martinez flied out to center . Peralta flied out to left . Guillen singled to right . Avila walked , Guillen to second . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Suzuki lined out to right . Pennington singled to center . Weeks flied out to center . Sweeney struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Jackson flied out to right . Boesch grounded out to third . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Crisp singled to shallow left . Matsui singled to shallow right , Crisp to second . Sizemore hit by pitch , Crisp to third , Matsui to second . Sogard ran for Sizemore . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Crisp out at home , Matsui to third , Sogard to second . Jackson grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sogard at third base . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to center . Peralta flied out to center . Guillen safe at third on error by first baseman Jackson , Martinez scored . Avila flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Suzuki doubled to deep left . Pennington grounded out to pitcher . Weeks flied out to left . Sweeney singled to right , Suzuki scored . Crisp doubled to right , Sweeney to third . Matsui singled to right , Sweeney and Crisp scored , Matsui to second advancing on throw . Sogard grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Moscoso pitching for Athletics . Inge flied out to center . Jackson singled to center . Boesch doubled to deep right , Jackson to third . Ordonez hit sacrifice fly to center , Jackson scored . Cabrera homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Boesch scored . Martinez doubled to deep left . Peralta singled to center , Martinez scored . Guillen homered to right center ( 413 feet ) , Peralta scored . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Avila lined out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . DeJesus reached on infield single to first . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Inge fouled out to catcher . Jackson singled to left . Boesch doubled to deep right , Jackson scored . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Ordonez lined out to first . Cabrera struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wells in right field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Pennington singled to deep left center . Weeks lined out to shortstop . Sweeney flied out to left . Crisp safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Pennington to second . Matsui grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Guillen walked . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Sogard grounded out to first . DeJesus singled to left . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Jackson grounded out to catcher , DeJesus to second . Suzuki popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Inge popped out to first . Jackson flied out to left . Boesch reached on infield single to first . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Kelly in left field . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Pennington reached on infield single to shortstop . Weeks struck out swinging . Pennington to second on fielder 's indifference . Sweeney struck out swinging . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Tigers 8 .	Tigers push past A 's on Cabrera , Guillen HRs