Athletics - Top 1st . Below pitching for Tigers . Crisp grounded out to third . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . Willingham grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Boesch struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Below pitching for Tigers . Matsui flied out to center . Jackson flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez walked . Guillen lined out to third . Avila lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Below pitching for Tigers . DeJesus safe at first on error by second baseman Guillen . Powell singled to center , DeJesus to third . Sogard grounded out to second , DeJesus scored , Powell to second . Crisp singled to left , Powell to third . Crisp to second on wild pitch by Below . Pennington walked . Willingham struck out looking . Matsui reached on infield single to pitcher , Powell scored , Crisp to third , Pennington to second . Jackson popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Kelly tripled to deep right . Santiago grounded out to second , Kelly scored . Jackson singled to right . Jackson stole second . Boesch grounded out to shortstop , Jackson to third . Ordonez singled to center , Jackson scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Below pitching for Tigers . Suzuki popped out to second . DeJesus singled to center . Powell grounded out to second , DeJesus to second . Sogard grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to first . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Below pitching for Tigers . Crisp flied out to right . Pennington grounded out to third . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Kelly struck out looking . Santiago singled to left . Jackson grounded out to third , Santiago to second . Boesch flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Below pitching for Tigers . Matsui homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Oliveros pitching for Tigers . Jackson struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . DeJesus struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . McCarthy pitching for Athletics . Ordonez singled to center . Cabrera singled to left , Ordonez to second . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to deep right center , Ordonez and Cabrera scored . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Devine pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to deep right center , Ordonez and Cabrera scored . Guillen singled to right , Martinez to third . Avila walked , Guillen to second . Kelly hit sacrifice fly to center , Martinez scored . Santiago flied out to left . Jackson flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Purcey pitching for Tigers . Powell walked . Sogard walked , Powell to second . Crisp walked , Powell to third , Sogard to second . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Pennington singled to shallow right , Powell scored , Sogard to third , Crisp to second . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Pennington singled to shallow right , Powell scored , Sogard to third , Crisp to second . Willingham hit sacrifice fly to right , Sogard scored . Matsui singled to right , Crisp scored , Pennington to third . Jackson singled to right , Pennington scored , Matsui to second . Suzuki grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jackson out at second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Boesch grounded out to second . Ordonez singled to center . Cabrera singled to center , Ordonez to second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Martinez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Furbush pitching for Tigers . DeJesus grounded out to first . Powell struck out looking . Sogard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Guillen singled to left . Avila lined out to center . Kelly flied out to left . Peralta hit for Santiago . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Peralta at shortstop . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Pennington singled to center . Pennington caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Willingham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Jackson at first base . Sizemore at third base . Bailey pitching for Athletics . Jackson struck out swinging . Boesch walked . Ordonez grounded out to pitcher , Boesch to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 7 - Tigers 5 .	Tigers fall as Matsui hits 500th HR