Angels - Top 1st . Penny pitching for Tigers . Aybar reached on bunt single to third . Aybar caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Boesch walked . Ordonez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Boesch out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Wells popped out to second . Callaspo reached on infield single to second . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Callaspo out at second . Trumbo homered to left ( 353 feet ) , Kendrick scored . Bourjos doubled to deep left . Mathis singled to left , Bourjos scored . Aybar walked , Mathis to second . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Cabrera homered to center ( 439 feet ) . Martinez lined out to center . Peralta grounded out to third . Guillen flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Abreu flied out to left . Wells grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Dirks singled to right . Kelly safe at first on error by first baseman Trumbo , Dirks to second . Dirks out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice , Kelly to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Boesch singled to left center , Kelly scored , Boesch to second advancing on throw . Ordonez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop . Trumbo tripled to deep center , Kendrick scored . Bourjos doubled to deep left , Trumbo scored . Mathis sacrificed to pitcher , Bourjos to third . Aybar singled to right , Bourjos scored . Furbush pitching for Tigers . Aybar stole second . Hunter singled to center , Aybar scored . Abreu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hunter out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Angels . Cabrera doubled to deep right . Martinez singled to right , Cabrera to third . Peralta singled to left , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second . Guillen grounded out to first , Martinez to third , Peralta to second . Dirks singled to center , Martinez and Peralta scored . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Betemit hit for Kelly . Betemit flied out to center . Jackson singled to left , Dirks to second . Dirks to third , Jackson to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Boesch singled to left , Dirks scored , Jackson to third . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Ordonez grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Betemit at third base . Ruffin pitching for Tigers . Wells flied out to center . Callaspo doubled to deep left center . Kendrick struck out swinging , Callaspo stole third . Trumbo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to second . Martinez walked . Peralta singled to center , Martinez to second . Guillen lined out to left . Dirks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Martinez out at third , Peralta to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Ruffin pitching for Tigers . Bourjos flied out to left . Mathis struck out swinging . Aybar singled to right . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aybar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Cassevah pitching for Angels . Betemit struck out swinging . Jackson reached on bunt single to pitcher . Boesch grounded out to second , Jackson to second . Ordonez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Purcey pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to center . Wells walked , Abreu to second . Callaspo walked , Abreu to third , Wells to second . Kendrick singled to center , Abreu and Wells scored , Callaspo to third . Coke pitching for Tigers . Trumbo doubled to deep center , Callaspo and Kendrick scored . Bourjos popped out to second . Mathis reached on bunt single to third , Trumbo to third . Aybar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trumbo scored , Mathis out at second . Hunter grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Rodney pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez popped out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Abreu flied out to center . Wells grounded out to third . Callaspo singled to center . Kendrick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Angels . Guillen grounded out to second . Dirks flied out to center . Betemit homered to left center ( 414 feet ) . Jackson doubled to deep center . Boesch grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Bourjos flied out to right . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Walden pitching for Angels . Ordonez lined out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 12 - Tigers 7 .	Trumbo 's five RBIs lead Angels past Tigers