Rangers - Top 1st . Fister pitching for Tigers . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Hamilton lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Jackson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus . Boesch flied out to center . Ordonez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jackson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Young reached on infield single to third . Cruz singled to center , Young to third . Moreland popped out to second . Napoli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Cabrera singled to left . Martinez walked , Cabrera to second . Peralta fouled out to third . Raburn singled to right , Cabrera scored , Martinez thrown out at third , Raburn to second advancing on throw . Avila singled to left , Raburn scored . Betemit struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Murphy singled to center . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy out at second . Kinsler lined out to left . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Jackson reached on bunt single to catcher . Boesch walked , Jackson to second . Ordonez grounded into double play , second to first , Boesch out at second , Jackson to third . Cabrera doubled to left , Jackson scored . Martinez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Hamilton doubled to deep left . Young grounded out to third . Cruz doubled to deep right center , Hamilton scored . Moreland grounded out to second , Cruz to third . Napoli safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit , Cruz scored . Murphy fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Peralta doubled to left . Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop . Avila sacrificed to pitcher , Peralta to third , Raburn to second . Betemit struck out swinging . Jackson walked . Boesch flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Torrealba doubled to deep right center . Kinsler lined out to right . Andrus reached on infield single to second , Torrealba to third . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torrealba scored , Andrus out at second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Ordonez singled to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ordonez out at second . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Moreland flied out to left . Napoli grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Peralta flied out to center . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Avila homered to right ( 409 feet ) . Betemit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Murphy flied out to center . Torrealba singled to left center . Kinsler flied out to left . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Jackson grounded out to third . Boesch lined out to shortstop . Ordonez walked . Kelly ran for Ordonez . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kelly out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Kelly in right field . Coke pitching for Tigers . Hamilton singled to left . Benoit pitching for Tigers . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hamilton out at second . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Martinez struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to third . Raburn homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Avila struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Santiago at second base . Raburn in left field . Valverde pitching for Tigers . Moreland grounded out to second . Napoli homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Murphy grounded out to second . Torrealba struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Tigers 5 .	Fister debuts , gets Tigers by Rangers