Royals - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Gordon homered to right ( 353 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to second . Butler struck out swinging . Hosmer singled to left . Francoeur struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Jackson flied out to right . Santiago tripled to right . Young popped out to shortstop . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to second . Giavotella singled to left . Perez doubled to deep right center , Giavotella scored . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Martinez struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Cabrera singled to center . Butler reached on infield single to third , Cabrera to second , Cabrera to third , Butler to second on throwing error by third baseman Betemit . Hosmer walked . Francoeur lined out to second . Moustakas popped out to second . Giavotella doubled to left , Cabrera , Butler and Hosmer scored , Giavotella out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Betemit walked . Kelly singled to right , Betemit to second . Jackson struck out looking . Betemit to third , Kelly to second on wild pitch by Hochevar . Santiago grounded out to shortstop , Betemit scored , Kelly to third . Young reached on infield single to shortstop , Kelly scored . Cabrera singled to center , Young to second . Martinez singled to center , Young scored , Cabrera to third . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Perez homered to left center ( 428 feet ) . Escobar homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Gordon singled to center . Below pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gordon out at second . Butler flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Peralta struck out swinging . Betemit grounded out to pitcher . Kelly grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Below pitching for Tigers . Hosmer lined out to center . Francoeur doubled to deep right center . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop , Francoeur to third . Giavotella grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Santiago flied out to left . Young grounded out to shortstop , Jackson to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Jackson scored . Martinez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Below pitching for Tigers . Perez walked . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Perez out at second . Gordon singled to center , Escobar to second . Cabrera doubled to right , Escobar scored , Gordon to third . Butler intentionally walked . Hosmer hit sacrifice fly to center , Gordon scored . Francoeur flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Avila grounded out to first . Peralta struck out swinging . Betemit walked . Kelly flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Below pitching for Tigers . Moustakas popped out to shortstop . Giavotella grounded out to second . Perez singled to left . Escobar reached on infield single to third , Perez to second . Perry pitching for Tigers . Gordon singled to center , Perez thrown out at home , Escobar to second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Jackson struck out swinging . Santiago lined out to left . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop . Butler flied out to right . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to left . Collins pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to deep center , Cabrera to second , Cabrera scored , Martinez to second on error by left fielder Gordon . Avila walked . Wood pitching for Royals . Peralta grounded into double play , third to first , Martinez out at third , Avila to second . Betemit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 9th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Moustakas singled to center . Giavotella flied out to center . Perez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Moustakas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Getz at second base . Wood pitching for Royals . Kelly flied out to left . Jackson singled to left . Santiago flied out to center . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Tigers 5 .	Royals rock division - leading Tigers with HRs \n\n