Tigers - Top 1st . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Jackson struck out swinging . Kelly popped out to shortstop . Young safe at first on error by third baseman Moustakas . Cabrera singled to left center , Young to third . Martinez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Tigers . Gordon homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Cabrera reached on infield single to first . Hosmer singled to right , Cabrera to second . Francoeur lined into double play , to first , Hosmer doubled off first . Moustakas grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Avila grounded out to second . Peralta struck out swinging . Dirks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Giavotella grounded out to third . Maier struck out swinging . Perez singled to right . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Santiago flied out to left . Jackson singled to center . Kelly flied out to right . Jackson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Young batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Tigers . Gordon walked . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Gordon to second . Hosmer singled to left , Gordon to third . Francoeur grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Young grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Martinez hit by pitch . Avila walked , Martinez to second . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to shortstop . Giavotella singled to left . Maier walked , Giavotella to second . Perez singled to left , Giavotella scored , Maier to second . Escobar singled to left , Maier scored , Perez to second . Gordon flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center , Perez scored , Escobar to second . Hosmer homered to left ( 382 feet ) , Escobar and Cabrera scored . Francoeur grounded out to shortstop . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Dirks doubled to deep right . Santiago grounded out to first , Dirks to third . Jackson doubled to deep left center , Dirks scored . Kelly flied out to left . Young walked . Cabrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Below pitching for Tigers . Moustakas grounded out to third . Giavotella grounded out to third . Maier walked . Perez homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Maier scored . Escobar flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Martinez singled to center . Avila walked , Martinez to second . Santos ran for Avila . Peralta grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santos out at second , Martinez to third . Dirks flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Kelly at first base . Worth at third base . Santos catching . Pauley pitching for Tigers . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Hosmer singled to left . Francoeur grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hosmer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Mendoza pitching for Royals . Santiago safe at first on error by second baseman Giavotella . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Santiago to second . Kelly singled to left center , Santiago to third . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Santiago scored . Worth flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Moustakas singled to center . Giavotella struck out looking . Maier struck out looking . Perez walked , Moustakas to second . Escobar walked , Moustakas to third , Perez to second . Gordon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Rhymes hit for Martinez . Rhymes singled to left . Santos singled to right , Rhymes to second . Peralta flied out to center . Dirks grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santos out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Marte pitching for Tigers . Cabrera doubled to right center . Hosmer singled to right , Cabrera to third . Francoeur singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Hosmer to second . Moustakas popped out to second . Giavotella grounded into double play , third to second to first , Francoeur out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Santiago singled to center . Santiago to second on wild pitch by Wood . Jackson struck out swinging . Kelly grounded out to first , Santiago to third . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Royals 10 .	Hosmer backs Mendoza as Royals cage Tigers