Tigers - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jackson batting . Jackson struck out swinging , and Ordonez struck out swinging . Young homered to right ( 342 feet ) . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Verlander pitching for Tigers . Jeter struck out swinging , Jeter safe at first on wild pitch by Verlander . Granderson walked , Jeter to second . Cano grounded out to first , Jeter to third , Granderson to second . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Jeter scored , Granderson to third . Teixeira walked . Swisher grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Martinez grounded out to third . Avila struck out swinging . Raburn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Martin doubled to left center , Posada to third . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posada out at home . Martin to third , Gardner to second on balk by Fister . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Inge fouled out to third . Jackson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Fister pitching for Tigers . Cano grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Young flied out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Swisher grounded out to first . Posada struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Martinez struck out swinging . Avila walked . Raburn singled to right , Avila to second . Peralta singled to center , Avila tagged out at home , Raburn to second , Raburn to third , Peralta to second advancing on throw . Betemit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Gardner flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to third . Granderson singled to right . Cano doubled to deep left , Granderson scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Jackson walked . Ordonez grounded into double play , second to first , Jackson out at second . Young flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Fister pitching for Tigers . Teixeira doubled to deep left . Swisher struck out looking . Posada walked . Martin grounded out to shortstop , Teixeira to third , Posada to second . Gardner singled to right center , Teixeira and Posada scored . Jeter singled to right , Gardner to third . Jeter stole second . Granderson walked . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Cano homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Gardner , Jeter and Granderson scored . Rodriguez grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Cabrera grounded out to third . Martinez walked . Avila flied out to left . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Teixeira flied out to right . Swisher singled to right . Posada struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Peralta struck out looking . Betemit flied out to center . Jackson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Gardner grounded out to first . Jeter singled to left . Granderson struck out swinging . Cano doubled to deep center , Jeter scored . Rodriguez struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Ordonez grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to pitcher . Cabrera walked , Young to second . Martinez singled to right , Young to third , Cabrera to second . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Avila grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young scored , Martinez out at second , Cabrera to third . Raburn singled to left , Cabrera scored , Avila to second . Peralta singled to center , Avila to third , Raburn to second . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Betemit struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Yankees 9 .	Cano 's slam fuels Yanks ' rout \n\n