Tigers - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jackson singled to left . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jackson out at second . Cabrera homered to right ( 377 feet ) . Martinez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Kinsler popped out to second . Andrus singled to left center . Hamilton flied out to right . Andrus stole second . Young fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Young struck out swinging . Peralta homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Avila struck out swinging . Inge flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Beltre struck out swinging . Napoli grounded out to third . Cruz doubled to deep right . Murphy walked . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Santiago singled to center . Jackson struck out looking . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Tigers . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus walked . Hamilton singled to left , Andrus to second . Young doubled to left , Andrus and Hamilton scored . Beltre singled to center , Young scored . Napoli walked , Beltre to second . Cruz walked , Beltre to third , Napoli to second . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Murphy singled to center , Beltre and Napoli scored , Cruz to second . Gentry hit for Chavez . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cruz to third , Murphy to second . Kinsler singled to left , Cruz and Murphy scored , Gentry to second , Gentry to third , Kinsler to second on error by left fielder Young . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gentry out at home , Kinsler to third , Andrus to second . Hamilton intentionally walked . Young doubled to right , Kinsler and Andrus scored , Hamilton to third . Perry pitching for Tigers . Beltre flied out to left . 9 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 4th . Hamilton in left field . Gentry in center field . Holland pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out looking . Martinez singled to right . Young struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Napoli flied out to right . Cruz flied out to center . Murphy singled to left . Murphy stole second . Gentry grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Avila grounded out to second . Inge singled to shallow right . Santiago grounded out to second , Inge to second . Jackson homered to right ( 391 feet ) , Inge scored . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Raburn flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Kinsler safe at second on error by right fielder Raburn . Andrus reached on bunt single to third , Kinsler to third . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to right , Kinsler scored . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Young grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 6th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Cabrera struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center . Young struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Beltre doubled to deep left . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . Cruz grounded out to third . Murphy intentionally walked . Gentry singled to left , Beltre scored , Murphy to second , Murphy to third advancing on throw . Kinsler singled to left , Murphy scored , Gentry to second . Gentry to third , Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Penny . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Avila grounded out to second . Inge flied out to right . Santiago popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Penny pitching for Tigers . Hamilton grounded out to first . Young homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Beltre struck out swinging . Napoli singled to center . Cruz homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Napoli scored . Murphy walked . Gentry singled to left , Murphy to second . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Murphy to third , Gentry to second on wild pitch by Alburquerque . Kinsler walked . Andrus grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Rangers . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . Raburn flied out to left . Cabrera homered to left center ( 419 feet ) . Martinez singled to center . Young grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Hamilton grounded out to first . Young struck out looking . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Rangers . Peralta fouled out to first . Avila flied out to center . Inge popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Rangers 15 .	Rangers win for return to Series \n\n