Indians - Top 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Bourn struck out swinging . Swisher lined out to right . Brantley lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Kluber pitching for Indians . Reyes lined out to left . Cabrera lined out to third . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Santana walked . Santana stole second . Cabrera struck out looking . Murphy singled to right , Santana scored . Gomes popped out to second . Chisenhall singled to left , Murphy to second . Aviles flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Lind struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Bourn singled to right center . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bourn safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Lind . Brantley lined out to left . Santana walked , Bourn to third , Swisher to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Santana out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Kluber pitching for Indians . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Thole struck out swinging . Pillar grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy doubled to right . Gomes singled to right center , Murphy to third . Chisenhall singled to right , Murphy scored , Gomes to second . Aviles bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gomes out at third , Chisenhall to second . Bourn struck out looking . Swisher grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Reyes grounded out to first . Cabrera lined out to center . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Brantley doubled to deep right . Santana homered to right center ( 444 feet ) , Brantley scored . Cabrera singled to right . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy flied out to center . Cabrera stole second . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cabrera out at third . Chisenhall reached on infield single to pitcher , Gomes to second . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chisenhall out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Morgan in left field . Kluber pitching for Indians . Encarnacion popped out to shortstop . Lind doubled to left . Francisco struck out swinging . Lawrie doubled to deep center , Lind scored . Thole walked . Pillar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Rogers pitching for Blue Jays . Bourn struck out swinging . Swisher walked . Ramirez hit for Morgan . Ramirez flied out to left . Santana struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ramirez at second base . Aviles in left field . Kluber pitching for Indians . Reyes struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Bautista doubled to deep center , Cabrera scored . Encarnacion fouled out to catcher . Lind flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Cabrera doubled to left . Murphy singled to right center , Cabrera scored . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy out at second . Chisenhall singled to left , Gomes to second . Aviles singled to center , Gomes scored , Chisenhall to third . Bourn grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Aviles out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Kluber pitching for Indians . Francisco struck out looking . Lawrie struck out swinging . Thole grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher walked . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher out at second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez safe at second on error by third baseman Francisco . Cabrera singled to right center , Ramirez scored , Santana to second . Wagner pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy doubled to deep center , Santana and Cabrera scored . Gomes flied out to right . Chisenhall lined out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Shaw pitching for Indians . Pillar popped out to second . Reyes doubled to deep center . Cabrera grounded out to first , Reyes to third . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Blue Jays . Aviles doubled to left . Bourn tripled to deep right center , Aviles scored . Swisher grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez singled to left center , Bourn scored . Santana popped out to shortstop . Cabrera walked , Ramirez to second . Murphy doubled to deep right , Ramirez scored , Cabrera to third . Gomes homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Cabrera and Murphy scored . Tolleson pitching for Blue Jays . Chisenhall doubled to right . Aviles popped out to third . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Carrasco pitching for Indians . Kratz hit for Encarnacion . Kratz struck out swinging . Lind singled to left center . Francisco doubled to deep right center , Lind scored . Lawrie grounded out to third . Thole singled to left , Francisco scored . Pillar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thole out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 15 - Blue Jays 4 .	Murphy , Chisenhall each hit 5 in Tribe rout