Yankees - Top 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner struck out swinging . Jeter safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Ellsbury singled to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellsbury out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Reyes struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to first . Lind walked . Encarnacion struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano flied out to left . Beltran flied out to left . McCann singled to right . Roberts hit ground rule double to shallow left , McCann to third . Solarte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Rasmus struck out looking . Navarro singled to center . Francisco struck out swinging . Pillar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Kawasaki hit by pitch . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kawasaki out at second . Cabrera grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to center . Beltran lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Lind reached on infield single to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to left , Lind to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . Navarro homered to right ( 386 feet ) , Lind and Encarnacion scored . Francisco struck out swinging . Pillar popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . McCann grounded out to first . Roberts fouled out to first . Solarte singled to left center . Gardner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Phelps pitching for Yankees . Kawasaki singled to right . Reyes singled to shallow left , Kawasaki to second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lind flied out to center . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Kawasaki to third , Reyes to second . Rasmus singled to deep right , Kawasaki and Reyes scored , Encarnacion to second , Encarnacion scored advancing on throw . Navarro grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter homered to left ( 369 feet ) . Ellsbury flied out to center . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Soriano flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Thornton pitching for Yankees . Tolleson hit for Francisco . Tolleson flied out to center . Pillar struck out swinging . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Tolleson at third base . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Beltran struck out looking . McCann doubled to left . Roberts homered to left ( 353 feet ) , McCann scored . Solarte flied out to center . Gardner doubled to left . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter walked . Ellsbury singled to left , Gardner scored , Jeter to second , Jeter to third , Ellsbury to second on throwing error by left fielder Cabrera . Teixeira safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes , Jeter and Ellsbury scored . Soriano singled to shallow left , Teixeira to second . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Beltran grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Reyes grounded out to first . Cabrera flied out to right . Lind grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . McCann lined out to center . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Solarte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion walked . Rasmus struck out swinging . Navarro singled to right , Encarnacion to third . Tolleson walked , Navarro to second . Gose hit for Pillar . Gose grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Encarnacion out at home , Navarro to third , Tolleson to second . Kawasaki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Gose in right field . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner singled to left center . Jeter grounded out to pitcher , Gardner to second . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop , Gardner to third . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Warren pitching for Yankees . Reyes doubled to right . Cabrera sacrificed to third , Reyes to third , Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Solarte . Reyes scored on throwing error by third baseman Solarte . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 6 - Blue Jays 7 .	Yanks ' error spoils rally vs. Jays