White Sox - Top 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Eaton grounded out to second . Beckham popped out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Garcia in center field . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Reyes reached on infield single to second . Cabrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Reyes to second . Lind doubled to right , Reyes scored , Cabrera to third , Cabrera scored on throwing error by right fielder Sierra . Encarnacion struck out looking . Navarro grounded out to first , Lind to third . Rasmus grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Viciedo struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Gillaspie popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Francisco walked . Kawasaki struck out swinging . Gose flied out to left . Reyes tripled to deep right center , Francisco scored . Cabrera grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko flied out to right . Sierra singled to shallow right center . Nieto walked , Sierra to second . Garcia grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nieto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Lind singled to left . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lind out at second . Navarro struck out swinging . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham doubled to deep right center . Abreu grounded out to third . Viciedo fouled out to first . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Francisco struck out swinging . Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop . Gose singled to shallow left . Reyes reached on infield single to third , Gose to second . Cabrera walked , Gose to third , Reyes to second . Lind singled to right center , Gose and Reyes scored , Cabrera to third . Encarnacion flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Gillaspie safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kawasaki . Konerko lined out to right , Gillaspie to third . Sierra struck out swinging . Nieto grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Navarro doubled to deep left , Navarro to third on throwing error by center fielder Garcia . D Navarro tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Rasmus flied out to center . Francisco popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Beckham struck out looking . Abreu singled to right . Viciedo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Kawasaki flied out to left . Gose grounded out to shortstop . Reyes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Tolleson at third base . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez flied out to center . Gillaspie struck out looking . Konerko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Cabrera walked . Lind struck out swinging . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Encarnacion doubled to deep right center , Cabrera scored . Navarro struck out swinging . Rasmus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Sierra doubled to right . Nieto struck out swinging . Garcia grounded out to second , Sierra to third . Beckham walked . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Rienzo pitching for White Sox . Tolleson grounded out to third . Kawasaki singled to shallow center . Gose walked , Kawasaki to second . Reyes singled to right , Kawasaki to third , Gose to second . Cabrera grounded out to first , Kawasaki scored , Gose to third , Reyes to second . Lind flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Viciedo struck out looking . Ramirez struck out swinging . Gillaspie grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 0 - Blue Jays 7 .	Lind leads way as Blue Jays beat White Sox 7 - 0