Blue Jays - Top 1st . Feldman pitching for Astros . Reyes singled to center , Reyes out stretching at second . Cabrera popped out to third . Bautista singled to center . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Grossman struck out looking . Carter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Francisco singled to right . Rasmus singled to center , Francisco to second . Kawasaki grounded out to second , Francisco to third , Rasmus to second . Goins singled to center , Francisco scored , Rasmus to third . Gose grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goins out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Castro grounded out to second . Krauss flied out to left . Singleton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Feldman pitching for Astros . Reyes singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Reyes to second . Reyes stole third . Bautista walked . Bautista to second on wild pitch by Feldman . Navarro walked . Francisco grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Dominguez grounded out to first . Marisnick singled to left . Gonzalez flied out to center . Altuve singled to left , Marisnick to second . Grossman walked , Marisnick to third , Altuve to second . Carter singled to left , Marisnick and Altuve scored , Grossman to second . Castro grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Rasmus grounded out to shortstop . Kawasaki grounded out to first . Goins grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Krauss singled to left center . Singleton doubled to deep center , Krauss to third . Dominguez singled to center , Krauss scored , Singleton to third . Marisnick singled to left , Singleton scored , Dominguez to second . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez sacrificed to third , Dominguez to third , Marisnick to second . Altuve intentionally walked . Grossman walked , Dominguez scored , Marisnick to third , Altuve to second . Carter fouled out to catcher . Castro grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Gose singled to right . Reyes flied out to right . Gose stole second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Bautista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Krauss flied out to left . Singleton singled to right center . Dominguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Singleton scored . Marisnick grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Navarro grounded out to first . Francisco flied out to center . Rasmus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez flied out to right . Altuve grounded out to third . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Kawasaki struck out swinging . Goins grounded out to second . Gose grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Carter struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . Krauss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Hoes in left field . Feldman pitching for Astros . Reyes reached on infield single to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Jenkins pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton flied out to center . Dominguez doubled to deep right center . Marisnick grounded out to third . Gonzalez lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Feldman pitching for Astros . Navarro grounded out to second . Francisco fouled out to third . Rasmus popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 1 - Astros 6 .	Feldman tosses complete game , Astros beat Jays 6 - 1