Blue Jays - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Reyes grounded out to third . Cabrera flied out to center . Bautista flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez grounded out to second . Beckham grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Encarnacion singled to left . Valencia doubled to deep left , Encarnacion to third . Navarro hit sacrifice fly to center , Encarnacion scored , Valencia to third . Reimold singled to left , Valencia scored . Reimold stole second . Rasmus flied out to center , Reimold to third . Tolleson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Garcia doubled to deep right . Viciedo grounded out to third . Konerko struck out looking . Gillaspie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera lined out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Flowers singled to left center . Jor Danks struck out looking . Ramirez popped out to third . Beckham fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Encarnacion flied out to right . Valencia grounded out to pitcher . Navarro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu singled to center . Garcia lined out to center . Viciedo flied out to center , Abreu to second . Konerko lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Reimold flied out to right . Rasmus doubled to deep right . Tolleson flied out to center , Rasmus to third . Reyes singled to center , Rasmus scored . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Gillaspie singled to right . Flowers popped out to second . Jor Danks grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gillaspie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Bautista popped out to third . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Valencia reached on infield single to third . Navarro walked , Valencia to second . Reimold reached on infield single to second , Valencia to third , Navarro to second . Rasmus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez singled to left . Beckham grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second . Abreu singled to left , Beckham to second . Garcia singled to deep right , Beckham scored , Abreu to second . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Abreu to third , Garcia to second on wild pitch by McGowan . Viciedo hit sacrifice fly to center , Abreu scored , Garcia to third . Konerko singled to left , Garcia scored . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Gillaspie struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Lindstrom pitching for White Sox . Kawasaki hit for Tolleson . Kawasaki reached on infield single to second . Reyes doubled to right , Kawasaki to third . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Kawasaki and Reyes scored , Cabrera to third on error by center fielder Jor Danks . Bautista singled to center , Cabrera scored . Encarnacion flied out to right . Lind hit for Valencia . Lind grounded out to second , Bautista to second . Navarro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Bautista in right field . Lind at first base . Francisco at third base . Kawasaki at second base . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Flowers struck out swinging . Jor Danks singled to shallow left center . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jor Danks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Francisco struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out looking . Kawasaki singled to left center . Reyes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Beckham reached on infield single to second . Abreu lined out to right . Garcia grounded out to pitcher , Beckham to second . Viciedo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Surkamp pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to left center . Belisario pitching for White Sox . Bautista flied out to right . Encarnacion grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Konerko grounded out to third . Gillaspie flied out to right . Flowers struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - White Sox 3 .	Blue Jays rally to beat White Sox 6 - 3