Yankees - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Jeter singled to center . Damon flied out to center . Teixeira flied out to center . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Roberts singled to center . Roberts to second on wild pitch by Sabathia . Jones walked . Markakis flied out to center . Roberts to third , Jones to second on wild pitch by Sabathia . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts out at home . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mora out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Posada hit by pitch . Cano flied out to left . Nady struck out swinging . Ransom lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Wigginton flied out to right . Scott lined out to center . Zaun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Gardner singled to left . Jeter singled to left , Gardner to third . Damon hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher , Jeter to second . Matsui flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to right . Izturis stole second . Roberts walked . Jones tripled to deep right , Izturis and Roberts scored . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to left , Jones scored . Mora grounded out to second . Huff grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Posada struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to first . Nady walked . Ransom lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Wigginton singled to left . Scott walked , Wigginton to second . Zaun flied out to left , Wigginton to third . Izturis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Scott out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Gardner bunt grounded out to catcher . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Damon tripled to deep center . Teixeira walked . Matsui fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Roberts hit ground rule double to deep center . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts to third . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts scored , Jones to second . Mora reached on infield single to third , Jones to third , Markakis to second . Huff grounded out to second , Jones scored , Markakis to third , Mora to second . Wigginton intentionally walked . Scott walked , Markakis scored , Mora to third , Wigginton to second . Albaladejo pitching for Yankees . Zaun flied out to center , Mora thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Posada homered to center . Cano walked . Nady doubled to left , Cano scored . Ransom struck out swinging . Gardner flied out to left . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Nady to third , Nady tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Albaladejo pitching for Yankees . Izturis grounded out to second . Roberts singled to center . Jones singled to left . Coke pitching for Yankees . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Damon singled to right center . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . Matsui homered to right , Damon scored . Posada walked . Walker pitching for Orioles . Cano singled to center , Posada to second . Sarfate pitching for Orioles . Nady grounded into double play , third to first , Posada out at third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Coke pitching for Yankees . Mora walked . Huff grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Mora out at second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Johnson pitching for Orioles . Swisher hit for Ransom . Swisher hit ground rule double to left . Pena ran for Swisher . Gardner sacrificed to catcher , Pena to third . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Damon walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Damon out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Pena at third base . Coke pitching for Yankees . Scott struck out swinging . Zaun doubled to deep right center . Izturis homered to left , Zaun scored . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Roberts grounded out to second . Jones walked . Markakis singled to left , Jones to second . Jones to third , Markakis to second on wild pitch by Bruney . Mora walked . Marte pitching for Yankees . Huff doubled to deep center , Jones and Markakis scored , Mora to third . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Pie in left field . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada flied out to center . Cano walked . Nady flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Orioles 10 .	CC , Teixeira gag in Yanks debuts \n\n