Mets - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Cora flied out to right . Martinez lined out to center . Beltran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Santana pitching for Mets . Jeter singled to right . Damon struck out swinging . Teixeira popped out to second . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Wright struck out looking . Church grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Santana pitching for Mets . Cano doubled to deep center . Swisher flied out to center , Cano to third . Matsui walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Cervelli singled to right center , Cano scored , Matsui to second . Jeter singled to left , Matsui scored , Cervelli to second , Cervelli to third , Jeter to second advancing on throw . Damon singled to left , Cervelli and Jeter scored , Damon out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Murphy walked . Schneider singled to right , Murphy to third . Castillo walked , Schneider to second . Cora struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . Beltran lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Santana pitching for Mets . Teixeira flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Wright singled to right . Church struck out swinging . Wright to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Sheffield walked . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Santana pitching for Mets . Swisher walked . Matsui homered to right center , Swisher scored . Cabrera doubled to right center . Cervelli reached on infield single to first , Cabrera to third . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera scored , Cervelli to second . Stokes pitching for Mets . Damon doubled to left , Cervelli scored , Jeter to third . Teixeira reached on infield single to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded into double play , to shortstop , Jeter scored , Damon out at third , Teixeira out at second , Rodriguez to first . Cano homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Swisher walked . Matsui walked , Swisher to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , Swisher and Matsui scored , Cabrera out stretching at third . 9 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Schneider grounded out to first . Castillo grounded out to third . Cora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Stokes pitching for Mets . Cervelli singled to left . Jeter singled to center , Cervelli to second . Damon struck out looking . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Pena at third base . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Martinez flied out to left . Beltran singled to center . Wright struck out looking . Church flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Tatis at third base . Reed in center field . Valdez at second base . Switzer pitching for Mets . Cano doubled to deep center . Swisher flied out to left . Matsui grounded out to first , Cano to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Gardner in center field . Berroa at third base . Pena at shortstop . Swisher at first base . Cabrera in right field . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Sheffield reached on infield single to pitcher , Sheffield to second on throwing error by pitcher Burnett . Murphy walked . Schneider flied out to right . Reed grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Switzer pitching for Mets . Cervelli flied out to right . Berroa hit by pitch . Damon walked , Berroa to second . Gardner walked , Berroa to third , Damon to second . Pena reached on infield single to shortstop , Berroa scored , Damon to third , Gardner to second . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Damon scored . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Cora popped out to third . Martinez struck out looking . Tatis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Takahashi pitching for Mets . Matsui struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Berroa flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Valdez singled to center . Church struck out looking . Sheffield reached on infield single to third , Valdez to second . Murphy struck out swinging . Schneider fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 0 - Yankees 15 .	Yanks chase Johan early in 15 - 0 rout of Mets