Yankees - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Gardner struck out swinging . Jeter singled to right . Teixeira grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Figgins singled to left . Izturis sacrificed to third , Figgins to second . Abreu reached on infield single to second , Figgins to third . Napoli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Rodriguez struck out looking . Matsui walked . Cano flied out to left . Hinske flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Matthews struck out swinging . Kendrick flied out to center . Wood grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cabrera walked . Molina struck out looking . Gardner singled to right , Cabrera to third . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cabrera scored , Gardner out at second . Teixeira struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Quinlan struck out swinging . Mathis walked . Figgins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mathis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Matsui walked . Cano flied out to center . Hinske flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to right . Abreu doubled to left , Izturis scored . Napoli grounded out to second , Abreu to third . Matthews walked . Kendrick doubled to deep right , Abreu scored , Matthews to third . Wood grounded out to shortstop , Matthews scored , Kendrick to third . Quinlan singled to center , Kendrick scored . Quinlan caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mathis batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded out to second . Molina hit by pitch . Gardner flied out to center . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Mathis lined out to shortstop . Figgins struck out looking . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Teixeira singled to center . Rodriguez lined out to left . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira safe at second on error by second baseman Kendrick . Cano flied out to center . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Napoli doubled to left . Matthews struck out swinging . Kendrick intentionally walked . Wood struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Morales at first base . Willits in left field . Lackey pitching for Angels . Cabrera doubled to deep center . Posada hit for Molina . Posada singled to center , Cabrera scored . Gardner safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Morales , Posada to second . Jeter singled to right , Posada to third , Gardner to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to first , Gardner out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 7th . Posada catching . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Willits grounded out to shortstop . Mathis struck out swinging . Figgins tripled to deep left center . Izturis singled to center , Figgins scored . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Speier pitching for Angels . Matsui walked . Cano singled to right , Matsui to second . Hinske hit by pitch , Matsui to third , Cano to second . Cabrera singled to left , Matsui scored , Cano to third , Hinske to second . Oliver pitching for Angels . Posada hit sacrifice fly to center , Cano scored . Swisher hit for Gardner . Swisher lined into double play , pitcher to first , Cabrera out at first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Swisher in left field . Cabrera in center field . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Napoli struck out swinging . Matthews grounded out to second . Kendrick walked . Kendrick to second on wild pitch by Hughes . Morales intentionally walked . Willits popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to first . Teixeira flied out to center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Angels 5 .	Lackey drives Angels to sweep of Yankees