Orioles - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Roberts struck out looking . Jones singled to center . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at second . Huff flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Jeter doubled to left . Damon lined out to right . Teixeira singled to shallow center , Jeter to third . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter scored , Teixeira to second . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second , Teixeira to third . Posada walked , Matsui to second . Cano reached on infield single to second , Teixeira scored , Matsui to third , Posada to second . Swisher singled to right center , Matsui and Posada scored , Cano to third . Gardner flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott singled to deep right . Zaun singled to right , Scott to second . Pie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zaun out at second , Scott to third . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pie out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Jeter flied out to center . Damon flied out to right . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Roberts safe at second on error by right fielder Swisher . Jones singled to right , Roberts to third . Markakis fouled out to left , Jones to second . Huff struck out swinging . Wigginton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Matsui grounded out to second . Posada homered to right . Cano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Scott walked . Zaun struck out swinging . Pie flied out to center . Andino walked , Scott to second . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Swisher walked . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Swisher out at second . Jeter lined out to right . Gardner caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Damon batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Jones struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . Huff grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Damon grounded out to first . Teixeira flied out to left . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop . Scott flied out to right . Zaun walked . Pie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Matsui struck out looking . Posada grounded out to first . Cano singled to right center . Swisher flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Andino reached on infield single to catcher . Roberts flied out to center . Jones doubled to left , Andino to third . Markakis hit sacrifice fly to center , Andino scored , Jones to third . Huff struck out swinging , Huff safe at first on wild pitch by Burnett , Jones scored . Wigginton fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Gardner hit by pitch . Gardner stole second . Jeter struck out swinging . Damon singled to left , Gardner to third . Teixeira lined into double play , to first , Damon doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Scott struck out swinging . Zaun singled to center . Pie grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Sherrill pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez singled to shallow left . Rodriguez stole second . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher intentionally walked . Gardner reached on infield single to second , Posada to third , Swisher to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Cabrera in left field . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Andino struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . Jones homered to left . Markakis homered to right . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Huff struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Yankees 6 .	Burnett , Swisher lift streaking Yanks past O 's