Yankees - Top 1st . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Jeter reached on infield single to first . Damon singled to right , Jeter to second . Teixeira doubled to deep center , Jeter scored , Damon to third . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Damon scored , Teixeira to third . Matsui singled to right center , Teixeira scored . Posada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Matsui out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Podsednik grounded out to second . Beckham popped out to second . Thome singled to center . Konerko singled to left , Thome to second . Pierzynski doubled to left , Thome scored , Konerko to third . Quentin walked . Kotsay flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Cano singled to left center . Cabrera grounded out to second , Cano to second . Hinske struck out swinging . Jeter lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Nix walked . Getz singled to right , Nix to second . Podsednik reached on bunt single to pitcher , Nix to third , Getz to second . Beckham hit sacrifice fly to center , Nix scored , Getz to third , Podsednik to second . Thome singled to right , Getz and Podsednik scored . Konerko struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thome out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Damon grounded out to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to right . Matsui doubled to deep right , Rodriguez to third . Posada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Quentin homered to left . Kotsay grounded out to first . Nix grounded out to shortstop . Getz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Cano singled to right center . Cabrera flied out to left . Hinske homered to right , Cano scored . Jeter grounded out to second . Damon walked . Teixeira flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Beckham flied out to center . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez singled to left . Matsui flied out to left . Posada safe at first on error by shortstop Nix , Rodriguez to second . Cano flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Konerko walked . Pierzynski singled to left , Konerko to second . Quentin doubled to deep center , Konerko scored , Pierzynski to third . Kotsay lined out to second . Nix struck out looking . Getz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Hinske walked . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hinske out at second . Damon popped out to third . Jeter stole second . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Podsednik flied out to center . Beckham flied out to left . Thome grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Rodriguez popped out to second . Matsui walked . Posada flied out to left . Cano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Konerko walked . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to second . Quentin flied out to left . Kotsay flied out to right , Konerko to third . Nix walked , Pierzynski to second . Getz singled to right , Konerko and Pierzynski scored , Nix to third . Nix stole home , Getz stole second . Podsednik reached on infield single to second , Getz scored . Melancon pitching for Yankees . Podsednik stole second . Beckham struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Wise in right field . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Cabrera walked . Hinske struck out swinging . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Melancon pitching for Yankees . Thome grounded out to first . Konerko flied out to center . Pierzynski singled to center . Quentin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Damon singled to right . Teixeira flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to deep left center , Damon to third , Rodriguez out stretching at second . Matsui walked . Posada flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - White Sox 10 .	Quentin delivers as White Sox break Yankees