Orioles - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Roberts struck out swinging . Izturis popped out to second . Markakis popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Jeter struck out swinging . Swisher walked . Teixeira singled to right , Swisher to second . Rodriguez homered to left , Swisher and Teixeira scored . Matsui flied out to right . Posada struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Reimold flied out to center . Mora doubled to shallow right . Scott doubled to deep center , Mora scored . Wieters struck out swinging . Pie struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera fouled out to third . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Moeller flied out to left . Roberts struck out swinging . Izturis fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Jeter singled to right . Swisher struck out swinging . Teixeira walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Matsui flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Markakis walked . Reimold struck out looking . Mora fouled out to catcher . Scott singled to center , Markakis to third . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scott out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Posada struck out looking . Cano singled to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . Gardner reached on infield single to first , Cano to second . Jeter singled to right , Cano scored , Gardner thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Pie walked . Moeller singled to left , Pie to third . Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left , Pie scored . Izturis walked , Moeller to second . Markakis reached on infield single to third , Moeller to third , Izturis to second . Reimold grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Moeller out at home , Izturis to third , Markakis to second . Mora hit by pitch , Izturis scored , Markakis to third , Reimold to second . Scott grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Swisher grounded out to first . Teixeira struck out looking . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Matsui singled to right , Rodriguez to third . Posada struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Marte pitching for Yankees . Wieters singled to deep left . Fiorentino reached on infield single to third , Wieters to second . Moeller walked , Wieters to third , Fiorentino to second . Roberts singled to center , Wieters and Fiorentino scored , Moeller to second , Moeller to third on error by center fielder Gardner . Izturis singled to left , Moeller scored , Roberts to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Izturis out at second , Roberts to third . Albaladejo pitching for Yankees . Reimold hit sacrifice fly to left , Roberts scored . Wigginton hit for Mora . Wigginton singled to center , Markakis to second . Scott grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wigginton at third base . Aubrey at first base . Fiorentino in center field . Tillman pitching for Orioles . Cano singled to right . Cabrera hit by pitch , Cano to second . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Gardner struck out swinging . Albers pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Yankees . Wieters struck out swinging . Fiorentino struck out swinging . Moeller doubled to left . Roberts walked . Izturis singled to right , Moeller scored , Roberts to second . Roberts to third , Izturis to second on wild pitch by Ramirez . Markakis singled to left center , Roberts and Izturis scored . Pena at second base . Hairston Jr. at shortstop . Hinske at third base . Duncan in right field . Molina at first base . Cervelli catching . Melancon pitching for Yankees . Reimold singled to right , Markakis to third . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reimold out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Turner at second base . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Hairston Jr. popped out to shortstop . Hinske struck out looking . Duncan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Melancon pitching for Yankees . Aubrey singled to center . Wieters grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Aubrey out at second . Fiorentino grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Matsui grounded out to second . Molina singled to center . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Dunn pitching for Yankees . Moeller struck out swinging . Turner singled to center . Turner to second on wild pitch by Dunn . Izturis grounded out to second , Turner to third . Markakis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Gardner reached on infield single to first . Pena grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gardner out at second . Hairston Jr. doubled to deep left . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 10 - Yankees 4 .	Jeter breaks Yankees ' hit record in loss to O 's