Angels - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Figgins grounded out to third . Abreu struck out swinging . Hunter lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Angels . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira singled to center . Rodriguez singled to left , Teixeira to second . Posada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop . Morales flied into double play , right to first , Guerrero doubled off first . Kendrick walked . Rivera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Matsui grounded out to first . Cano singled to center . Swisher flied out to left . Cabrera singled to left , Cano to second . Jeter walked , Cano to third , Cabrera to second . Damon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Mathis doubled to deep right center . Aybar struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to second , Mathis to third . Abreu singled to right , Mathis scored . Hunter struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Angels . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez walked . Posada flied out to right . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Guerrero struck out looking . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Angels . Cano walked . Swisher singled to left , Cano to second . Cabrera sacrificed to first , Cano to third , Swisher to second . Jeter walked . Damon singled to left center , Cano and Swisher scored , Jeter to second . Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop , Jeter to third , Damon to second . Rodriguez walked , Jeter scored , Damon to third , Teixeira to second . Oliver pitching for Angels . Posada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Rivera singled to center . Mathis struck out swinging . Aybar grounded into double play , second to first , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Matsui grounded out to second . Cano struck out looking . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Figgins out on batter 's interference to catcher . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Figgins batting . Abreu grounded out to second . Hunter reached on infield single to third . Guerrero doubled to right , Hunter to third . Morales grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Jeter walked . Damon singled to shallow right center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into double play , third to first , Jeter out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Kendrick lined out to right . Rivera singled to right . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Izturis hit for Mathis . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rivera out at second . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Napoli catching . Santana pitching for Angels . Rodriguez singled to center . Posada grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . Matsui flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Figgins singled to shallow left . Abreu grounded out to first , Figgins to second . Hunter grounded out to second . Guerrero singled to right , Figgins scored . Willits ran for Guerrero . Morales grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Santana pitching for Angels . Cano walked . Kazmir pitching for Angels . Swisher sacrificed to first , Cano to second , Swisher safe at first on error by second baseman Kendrick . Gardner ran for Swisher . Cabrera sacrificed to catcher , Cano to third , Gardner to second , Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Kazmir . Cano scored , Gardner to third on throwing error by pitcher . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Damon walked . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to center , Gardner scored , Cabrera to third . Weaver pitching for Angels . Rodriguez walked , Damon to second . Posada struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Gardner in center field . Cabrera in right field . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Kendrick grounded out to first . Rivera flied out to right . Matthews hit for Napoli . Matthews struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 2 - Yankees 5 .	They 're back : Yankees reach World Series