Indians - Top 1st. Richard pitching for White Sox. Cabrera doubled to deep left center. Sizemore walked. Cabrera stole third, Sizemore stole second, Cabrera scored on error by third baseman Beckham. Martinez struck out swinging. Choo grounded out to first, Sizemore to third. Peralta singled to left, Sizemore scored. Peralta caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Garko batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Huff pitching for Indians. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramirez lined out to left. Dye singled to center, Podsednik to second. Thome grounded out to first, Podsednik to third, Dye to second. Konerko reached on infield single to third, Podsednik scored, Dye scored on throwing error by third baseman Peralta. Pierzynski flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for White Sox. Garko singled to left. Carroll walked, Garko to second. Francisco walked, Garko to third, Carroll to second. Shoppach homered to left, Garko, Carroll and Francisco scored. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Cabrera walked. Sizemore walked, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sizemore out at second, Cabrera to third. Choo walked. Peralta flied out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Huff pitching for Indians. Nix flied out to center. Getz singled to left. Beckham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Getz out at second. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for White Sox. Garko singled to right. Carroll singled to left, Garko to third. Francisco hit by pitch, Carroll to second. Shoppach walked, Garko scored, Carroll to third, Francisco to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carroll scored, Shoppach out at second, Francisco to third. Sizemore walked. Martinez singled to center, Francisco scored, Sizemore to second. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Choo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Huff pitching for Indians. Ramirez fouled out to left. Dye lined out to right. Thome singled to center. Konerko walked, Thome to second. Pierzynski singled to left, Thome scored, Konerko to second. Nix singled to left, Konerko scored, Pierzynski to third. Getz doubled to deep center, Pierzynski and Nix scored. Beckham grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Peralta singled to shallow left. Garko flied out to center. Carroll flied out to left. Francisco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Huff pitching for Indians. Podsednik fouled out to third. Ramirez struck out swinging. Dye singled to right center. Thome walked, Dye to second. Konerko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Poreda pitching for White Sox. Shoppach walked. Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher, Shoppach to second. Sizemore struck out looking. Martinez intentionally walked. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Huff pitching for Indians. Pierzynski homered to right. Nix popped out to second. Getz singled to left. Veras pitching for Indians. Getz stole second. Beckham grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik singled to left, Getz scored, Podsednik to second advancing on throw. Ramirez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Peralta doubled to deep right center, Peralta to third on error by right fielder Dye. Garko singled to right, Peralta scored. Carroll struck out looking. Francisco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garko out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Veras pitching for Indians. Dye hit by pitch. Thome walked, Dye to second. Konerko flied out to center. Sipp pitching for Indians. Pierzynski grounded out to first, Dye to third, Thome to second. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Sipp pitching for Indians. Getz walked. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Beckham flied out to left. Getz stole second. Podsednik flied out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Martinez fouled out to first. Choo struck out looking. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Dye struck out swinging. Thome struck out swinging. Konerko walked. Wood pitching for Indians. Pierzynski flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Wise in left field. Pena pitching for White Sox. Garko singled to left. Gimenez ran for Garko. Carroll sacrificed to first, Gimenez to second. Francisco grounded out to second, Gimenez to third. Shoppach struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Gimenez in right field. Wood pitching for Indians. Wise lined out to left. Getz reached on infield single to shortstop. Beckham struck out swinging. Getz to second on fielder's indifference. Podsednik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - White Sox 8.	Shoppach's slam helps Indians pass ChiSox