Angels - Top 1st. Masterson pitching for Indians. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis safe at first on error by second baseman Valbuena. Abreu singled to deep right, Izturis to third. Izturis scored, Abreu to second on passed ball by Shoppach. Guerrero grounded out to pitcher, Abreu to third. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Sizemore doubled to left. Cabrera grounded out to second, Sizemore to third. Choo reached on infield single to shortstop, Sizemore scored, Choo to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Peralta grounded out to third. Hafner struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Morales flied out to center. Aybar grounded out to second. Matthews grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Valbuena grounded out to third. Shoppach grounded out to third. LaPorta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Masterson pitching for Indians. Mathis lined out to first. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis walked. Abreu singled to center, Izturis to second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Marte struck out looking. Sizemore grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Rivera safe at first on error by pitcher Masterson. Morales grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Rivera out at second. Aybar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Hafner walked. Valbuena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Matthews grounded out to second. Mathis flied out to center. Figgins walked. Izturis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Shoppach struck out swinging. LaPorta flied out to center. Marte walked. Sizemore walked, Marte to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Abreu grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to third. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Choo singled to right. Peralta singled to center, Choo to second. Hafner doubled to right, Choo scored, Peralta to third. Valbuena walked. Shoppach hit sacrifice fly to center, Peralta scored, Hafner to third. LaPorta doubled to deep left, Hafner and Valbuena scored. Palmer pitching for Angels. Marte singled to center, LaPorta scored. Sizemore singled to right, Marte to third. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Marte and Sizemore scored. Choo lined into double play, third to second, Cabrera doubled off second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Masterson pitching for Indians. Morales flied out to center. Aybar walked. Matthews singled to right, Aybar to third. Mathis walked, Matthews to second. Sipp pitching for Indians. Figgins struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Loux pitching for Angels. Peralta singled to right center. Hafner grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Peralta out at second. Valbuena singled to center, Hafner to second. Shoppach walked, Hafner to third, Valbuena to second. LaPorta hit sacrifice fly to left, Hafner scored. Marte reached on infield single to third, Valbuena to third, Shoppach to second. Sizemore flied out to center. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Quinlan hit for Abreu. Sipp pitching for Indians. Quinlan singled to right. Smith pitching for Indians. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Quinlan out at second. Rivera tripled to deep center. Morales homered to center, Rivera scored. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Quinlan in right field. Loux pitching for Angels. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Choo flied out to center. Peralta doubled to deep right center, Cabrera scored. Hafner singled to right, Peralta scored. Valbuena reached on infield single to second, Hafner to second. Shoppach grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Valbuena out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Perez pitching for Indians. Matthews flied out to right. Mathis doubled to deep center. Figgins grounded out to third, Mathis to third. Izturis hit by pitch. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Indians 11.	Masterson, LaPorta power Indians past Angels