Rangers - Top 1st. Laffey pitching for Indians. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Andrus doubled to right. Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop, Andrus to third. Jones lined into double play, shortstop to third, Andrus doubled off third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Brantley lined out to left. Carroll safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Cabrera fouled out to third. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Cruz singled to center. Murphy struck out swinging. Teagarden walked, Cruz to second. Davis singled to right, Cruz to third, Teagarden to second. German singled to center, Cruz and Teagarden scored, Davis to second. Kinsler singled to left, Davis scored, German to second, German to third, Kinsler to second on throwing error by left fielder LaPorta. Andrus grounded out to second, German scored, Kinsler to third. Byrd grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Peralta flied out to center. Valbuena flied out to center. LaPorta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Laffey pitching for Indians. Jones grounded out to third. Cruz doubled to deep left center. Murphy singled to center, Cruz scored. Teagarden doubled to deep right, Murphy to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to left, Murphy scored. German grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Gimenez struck out looking. Shoppach walked. Brantley flied out to center. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Laffey pitching for Indians. Kinsler doubled to deep left. Andrus grounded out to third. Byrd reached on infield single to third, Kinsler to third. Jones singled to left, Kinsler scored, Byrd to second. Ohka pitching for Indians. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Choo singled to center. Peralta struck out swinging. Valbuena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Ohka pitching for Indians. Murphy doubled to deep left center. Teagarden struck out swinging. Davis reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to third. German struck out swinging. Kinsler fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. LaPorta popped out to shortstop. Gimenez popped out to shortstop. Shoppach homered to right center. Brantley flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Ohka pitching for Indians. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Byrd singled to left. Jones flied out to center. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. Carroll singled to center. Cabrera homered to right, Carroll scored. Choo struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to third. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Ohka pitching for Indians. Murphy fouled out to third. Teagarden grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. McCarthy pitching for Rangers. LaPorta flied out to right. Gimenez walked. Shoppach doubled to deep left center, Gimenez to third. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Gimenez scored, Shoppach to third on wild pitch by Guardado. Brantley singled to left, Shoppach scored. Grilli pitching for Rangers. Carroll struck out swinging, Brantley stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Ohka pitching for Indians. German grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler singled to left. Andrus flied out to left. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Choo lined out to left. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Valbuena singled to center. LaPorta walked, Valbuena to second. Marte hit for Gimenez. Crowe ran for LaPorta. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crowe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Crowe in left field. Marte at first base. Veras pitching for Indians. Jones flied out to left. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy safe at first on error by first baseman Marte. Teagarden singled to left, Murphy to second. Davis homered to left center, Murphy and Teagarden scored. German struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 9th. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Shoppach safe at first on throwing error by third baseman German. Brantley struck out looking. Romero hit for Carroll. Romero struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 10 - Indians 5.	Borbon's HRs help Rangers sweep doubleheader