Rangers - Top 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler flied out to right . Andrus singled to center . Young singled to right , Andrus to third , Young to second advancing on throw . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Andrus out at home , Young to third . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Johnson flied out to left . Escobar popped out to second . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Torrealba grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez popped out to second . Snyder homered to center ( 418 feet ) . Gentry singled to left center . Kinsler grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Encarnacion flied out to left . Francisco singled to left center . Francisco to second on wild pitch by Harrison . Lawrie grounded out to third . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus fouled out to first . Young struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Arencibia reached on infield single to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arencibia out at second . Johnson homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Davis scored . Escobar doubled to left . Bautista lined out to third . Encarnacion struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz flied out to right . Torrealba struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Francisco walked . Lawrie struck out looking . Thames doubled to right , Francisco to third . Arencibia doubled to deep left , Francisco and Thames scored . Davis reached on infield single to second . Johnson walked , Arencibia to third , Davis to second . Escobar tripled to deep right center , Arencibia , Davis and Johnson scored . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Bautista hit sacrifice fly to center , Escobar scored . Encarnacion flied out to center . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Rasmus in center field . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Snyder walked . Gentry walked , Snyder to second . Kinsler walked , Snyder to third , Gentry to second . Andrus doubled to center , Snyder and Gentry scored , Kinsler to third . Young singled to shallow right , Kinsler scored , Andrus to third . Napoli hit sacrifice fly to center , Andrus scored . Cruz flied out to left . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Lawrie struck out looking . Thames walked . Arencibia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Gonzalez popped out to catcher . Snyder struck out swinging . Gentry grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Feldman pitching for Rangers . Rasmus struck out swinging . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Escobar reached on infield single to second . Bautista walked , Escobar to second . Encarnacion homered to left ( 425 feet ) , Escobar and Bautista scored . Francisco singled to shallow center . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson . Andrus to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Young grounded out to second , Andrus to third . Napoli lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Thames lined out to first . Arencibia grounded out to third . Rasmus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Torrealba struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Johnson struck out swinging . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Carreno pitching for Blue Jays . Murphy hit for Snyder . Murphy struck out looking . Moreland hit for Gentry . Moreland flied out to left . Kinsler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Blue Jays 11 .	Romero 4 - 0 as Jays beat Rangers