Rangers - Top 1st . Nova pitching for Yankees . Andrus grounded out to second . Young reached on infield single to third . Hamilton doubled to deep left , Young to third . Beltre singled to left center , Young and Hamilton scored , Beltre thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Murphy fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Swisher fouled out to first . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Soto flied out to left . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . Gentry grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jones flied out to center . McGehee flied out to right . Martin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for Yankees . Olt doubled to deep right center . Andrus walked . Young walked , Olt to third , Andrus to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Olt out at home , Andrus to third , Young to second . Murphy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Nix singled to deep right center . Suzuki sacrificed to third , Nix to second . Stewart popped out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Soto singled to center . Moreland grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Soto out at second . Gentry grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Swisher grounded out to third . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Olt lined out to third . Andrus flied out to center . Young lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Martin grounded out to first . Nix struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Nova pitching for Yankees . Hamilton hit ground rule double to deep left center . Beltre hit by pitch . Murphy singled to center , Hamilton scored , Beltre to second . Soto sacrificed to first , Beltre to third , Murphy to second . Moreland intentionally walked . Gentry grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre scored , Murphy out at third , Moreland to second . Olt walked , Moreland to third , Gentry to second . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gentry out at third , Olt to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Suzuki reached on infield single to third . Stewart grounded out to third , Suzuki to second . Jeter singled to center , Suzuki scored , Jeter to second advancing on throw . Swisher singled to center , Jeter scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . Jones homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Swisher scored . McGehee safe at second on error by right fielder Olt . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Martin singled to center , McGehee scored . Martin stole second . Nix struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Eppley pitching for Yankees . Young singled to right . Logan pitching for Yankees . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre singled to right , Young to second . Murphy doubled to deep right , Young scored , Beltre to third . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Soto struck out swinging . Moreland intentionally walked . Gentry singled to center , Beltre and Murphy scored , Moreland to second . Cruz hit for Olt . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gentry out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Cruz in right field . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Suzuki singled to right . Ibanez hit for Stewart . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Ibanez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Suzuki out at second . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Ibanez to second . Swisher walked , Ibanez to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ibanez scored , Swisher out at second , Jeter to third . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Martin catching . Ibanez in left field . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Andrus doubled to right , Andrus to third on error by right fielder Swisher . Young grounded out to second . Hamilton intentionally walked . Beltre hit sacrifice fly to left , Andrus scored . Murphy singled to center , Hamilton to third . Soto singled to left , Hamilton scored , Murphy to third . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Moreland flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Chavez hit for McGehee . Adams pitching for Rangers . Chavez struck out looking . Martin grounded out to third . Cano hit for Nix . Cano walked . Suzuki doubled to right , Cano to third . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Rapada pitching for Yankees . Gentry bunt grounded out to pitcher . Cruz doubled to center . Andrus singled to center , Cruz scored . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Jeter grounded out to second . Swisher grounded out to first . Teixeira singled to right center . Teixeira to second on fielder 's indifference . Granderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 10 - Yankees 6 .	Rangers rally , outslug Yanks to avoid sweep