Twins - Top 1st . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Span popped out to second . Revere walked . Revere stole second . Mauer flied out to center , Revere to third . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Duensing pitching for Twins . Kinsler homered to left ( 370 feet ) . Andrus lined out to third . Hamilton doubled to deep right center . Beltre struck out swinging . Cruz doubled to deep center , Hamilton scored . Murphy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Morneau singled to right . Doumit grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Morneau out at second . Plouffe flied out to center . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Soto singled to center . Gentry reached on infield single to second , Soto to third , Gentry to second on throwing error by second baseman Carroll . Moreland homered to right ( 455 feet ) , Soto and Gentry scored . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus singled to center . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Hamilton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Florimon walked . Span grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Florimon out at second . Revere popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Duensing pitching for Twins . Beltre flied out to center . Cruz doubled to left . Murphy singled to shallow left , Cruz to third . Soto singled to center , Cruz scored , Murphy to second . Gentry walked , Murphy to third , Soto to second . Burnett pitching for Twins . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler tripled to deep right center , Murphy , Soto and Gentry scored . Andrus grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Mauer struck out swinging . Willingham flied out to center . Morneau homered to right ( 448 feet ) . Doumit singled to left . Plouffe flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Hamilton flied out to center . Beltre flied out to left . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Carroll doubled to left . Florimon singled to right , Carroll scored . Span singled to shallow left , Florimon to second . Revere struck out swinging , Florimon to third , Span to second on wild pitch by Dempster . Mauer struck out swinging . Willingham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Murphy singled to shallow center . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Murphy safe at second on error by shortstop Florimon . Gentry flied out to center . Moreland flied out to left . Kinsler flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Morneau singled to right . Doumit struck out swinging . Plouffe grounded out to third , Morneau to second . Carroll singled to center , Morneau thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Fien pitching for Twins . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton singled to right . Beltre flied out to center . Cruz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Florimon singled to right . Span grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Florimon out at second . Revere doubled to left center . Mauer doubled to center , Revere scored . Willingham flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Robertson pitching for Twins . Murphy grounded out to first . Soto struck out looking . Gentry grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Lowe pitching for Rangers . Morneau singled to right . Doumit grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . Plouffe walked . Plouffe to second on fielder 's indifference . Carroll lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Moreland struck out swinging . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Andrus flied into double play , right to first , Kinsler doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Florimon struck out looking . Span grounded out to first . Revere struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Rangers 9 .	Rangers romp to fourth straight win    \n\n