Indians - Top 1st . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Kipnis struck out swinging . Santana flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Kinsler flied out to right . Andrus flied out to right . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Canzler struck out swinging . LaPorta flied out to center . Lillibridge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Beltre safe at second on error by first baseman Canzler . Murphy lined out to center , Beltre to third . Young singled to center , Beltre scored . Moreland doubled to shallow right , Young to third . Young scored , Moreland to third on wild pitch by Jimenez . Soto walked . Martin hit sacrifice fly to center , Moreland scored . Kinsler doubled to left , Soto scored . Andrus flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Donald flied out to center . Neal lined out to right . Carrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre struck out swinging . Murphy walked . Murphy stole second . Young walked . Moreland struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Choo walked . Kipnis walked , Choo to second . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kipnis out at second , Choo to third . Canzler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Soto safe at first on error by third baseman Donald . Soto stole second . Martin flied out to left . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus walked . Hamilton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . LaPorta flied out to right . Lillibridge walked . Donald singled to center , Lillibridge to second . Neal grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Donald out at second , Lillibridge to third . Carrera singled to shallow center , Lillibridge scored , Neal to second . Choo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Jimenez pitching for Indians . Beltre homered to left center ( 390 feet ) . Murphy lined out to center . Young safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Donald . Moreland flied into double play , left to shortstop to first , Young doubled off first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Kipnis singled to right . Santana grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kipnis out at second . Canzler singled to left . LaPorta doubled to deep center , Canzler scored . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Lillibridge grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Allen pitching for Indians . Soto flied out to left . Martin doubled to center . Martin stole third . Kinsler grounded out to second . Andrus singled to center , Martin scored . Hamilton lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Donald lined out to right . Neal out on batter 's interference to pitcher . Neal batting . Carrera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Allen pitching for Indians . Beltre singled to left . Murphy walked , Beltre to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second , Beltre to third . Barnes pitching for Indians . Moreland fouled out to catcher . Soto popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Adams pitching for Rangers . Choo walked . Kipnis singled to center , Choo to second . Santana grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kipnis out at second , Choo to third . Canzler grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Choo scored , Santana out at second . Chisenhall hit for LaPorta . Chisenhall walked , Canzler to second . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Kotchman hit for Lillibridge . Kotchman singled to center , Canzler scored , Chisenhall to second . Rottino ran for Kotchman . Brantley hit for Donald . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Brantley struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hannahan at shortstop . Brantley in center field . Phelps at third base . Carrera in left field . Gentry hit for Martin . Barnes pitching for Indians . Gentry doubled to right . Smith pitching for Indians . Kinsler sacrificed to pitcher , Gentry to third . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton intentionally walked . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hamilton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Gentry in center field . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Phelps struck out swinging . Carrera grounded out to second . Choo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 4 - Rangers 6 .	Beltre homers , Harrison wins 16th for Rangers