Rangers - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Kinsler flied out to right . Andrus walked . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus out at second . Beltre walked , Hamilton to second . Cruz fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Crisp grounded out to second . Drew singled to center . Cespedes singled to left center , Drew to second . Moss doubled to deep right , Drew scored , Cespedes to third . Reddick fouled out to third . Donaldson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Young flied out to right . Murphy singled to left center . Napoli flied out to right . Soto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murphy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Smith struck out swinging . Kottaras grounded out to pitcher . Pennington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Athletics . Kinsler singled to right . Andrus grounded out to pitcher , Kinsler to second . Hamilton singled to right , Kinsler to third . Beltre singled to left , Kinsler scored , Hamilton to second . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltre out at second , Hamilton to third . Young doubled to deep right , Hamilton scored , Cruz to third . Murphy singled to right , Cruz and Young scored . Napoli safe at first on error by catcher Kottaras , Murphy to third . Soto singled to center , Murphy scored , Napoli to second . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Napoli out at third , Soto to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Crisp flied out to right . Drew grounded out to second . Cespedes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Hamilton struck out swinging . Beltre singled to center . Cruz doubled to deep left , Beltre to third . Young lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Rangers . Moss walked . Reddick doubled to deep center , Moss scored . Donaldson singled to center , Reddick to third . Smith singled to center , Reddick scored , Donaldson to second . Holland pitching for Rangers . Norris hit for Kottaras . Norris grounded out to second , Donaldson to third , Smith to second . Pennington popped out to first . Crisp doubled to deep right , Donaldson and Smith scored . Drew walked . Cespedes safe at second on error by center fielder Hamilton , Crisp and Drew scored . Moss grounded out to first . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 5th . Norris catching . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Murphy lined out to right . Napoli struck out looking . Soto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Reddick grounded out to second . Donaldson singled to left . Smith grounded out to shortstop , Donaldson to second . Norris singled to shallow center , Donaldson scored . Pennington grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Scribner pitching for Athletics . Kinsler grounded out to second . Andrus flied out to center . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Crisp flied out to right . Drew popped out to shortstop . Cespedes walked . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Cespedes to second on wild pitch by Uehara . Moss struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Blevins pitching for Athletics . Beltre singled to center . Cook pitching for Athletics . Cruz doubled to deep right , Beltre to third . Young grounded out to third . Murphy struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Uehara pitching for Rangers . Reddick lined out to left . Donaldson struck out swinging . Smith flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Doolittle pitching for Athletics . Soto struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Andrus walked . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Norris homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Pennington flied out to center . Crisp walked . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Crisp safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler . Cespedes walked , Crisp to third , Drew to second . Ross pitching for Rangers . Moss singled to right center , Crisp and Drew scored , Cespedes to second , Cespedes scored , Moss to second on error by right fielder Cruz . Reddick flied out to left . Donaldson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Balfour pitching for Athletics . Beltre flied out to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 5 - Athletics 12 .	A 's rout Rangers , win AL West \n