Mariners - Top 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore struck out swinging . France homered to left ( 429 feet ) . Lewis struck out swinging . Seager walked . Marmolejos doubled to left center , Seager scored . White walked . Torrens doubled to deep left , White scored and Marmolejos scored . Walton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Locastro struck out looking . Ahmed singled to right center . Walker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ahmed out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Ervin reached on infield single to shortstop . Moore popped out to first . France reached on infield single to second , Ervin to second . Lewis walked , France to second , Ervin to third . Seager walked , Ervin scored , Lewis to second , France to third . Marmolejos popped out to shortstop . White struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Escobar grounded out to third . Peralta struck out looking . Mathisen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrens lined out to center . Walton lined out to center . Ervin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . VanMeter grounded out to first . Kelly walked . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kelly out at second . Locastro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore grounded out to third . France singled to center . Lewis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , France out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Ahmed singled to deep center . Walker walked , Ahmed to second . Escobar singled to center , Walker to second , Ahmed to third . Peralta flied out to left . Mathisen singled to left , Ahmed scored and Walker scored , Escobar to second . VanMeter walked , Mathisen to second , Escobar to third . Kelly struck out swinging . Smith grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager walked . Marmolejos homered to right ( 412 feet ) , Seager scored . White struck out swinging . Torrens flied out to center . Walton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Locastro lined out to right . Ahmed flied out to right . Walker hit by pitch . Escobar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Ervin doubled to right . Moore struck out swinging . France lined out to left . Lewis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Peralta struck out swinging . Mathisen struck out looking . VanMeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Seager flied out to left . Marmolejos flied out to right . White lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Sheffield pitching for Mariners . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . Smith grounded out to first . Locastro reached on infield single to third . Locastro to second on wild pitch by Sheffield . Ahmed grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Mella pitching for Diamondbacks . Torrens singled to shallow center . Walton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Torrens out at second . Ervin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Graveman pitching for Mariners . Walker doubled to deep left center . Escobar grounded out to second , Walker to third . Peralta grounded out to second , Walker scored . Mathisen flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Payamps pitching for Diamondbacks . Moore singled to center . France walked , Moore to second . Lewis grounded into double play , third to second to first , France out at second , Moore to third . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Hirano pitching for Mariners . VanMeter grounded out to third . Kelly flied out to left . Smith singled to center . Locastro grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Mariners score early , Sheffield shines in win over D - backs