Cardinals - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to first. Pham grounded out to third. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Jaso grounded out to second. McCutchen hit by pitch. Freese singled to center, McCutchen to third. Marte lined out to shortstop. Cervelli popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Grichuk struck out swinging. Piscotty struck out swinging. Molina struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Adams at first base. Holliday in left field. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Polanco doubled to deep right. Harrison grounded out to shortstop, Polanco to third. Mercer walked. Liriano singled to right, Polanco scored, Mercer to second. Jaso singled to center, Mercer scored, Liriano to second. McCutchen flied out to center. Freese grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Wong struck out looking. Gyorko walked. Wainwright grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Gyorko safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Carpenter grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Wainwright out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Marte lined out to center. Cervelli walked. Polanco flied out to right. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Adams struck out swinging. Holliday singled to center. Grichuk singled to left center, Holliday to second. Piscotty struck out swinging. Molina walked, Holliday to third, Grichuk to second. Wong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Mercer grounded out to second. Liriano struck out looking. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Gyorko popped out to second. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter walked. Adams grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to left. Freese singled to left. Marte grounded into double play, third to second to first, Freese out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Holliday walked. Grichuk struck out looking. Piscotty walked, Holliday to second. Molina singled to left center, Holliday to third, Piscotty to second. Wong popped out to second. Gyorko grounded into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli tripled to deep center. Polanco walked. Harrison hit sacrifice fly to center, Cervelli scored, Polanco tagged out at second. Mercer flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Hazelbaker hit for Wainwright. Hazelbaker struck out looking. Carpenter flied out to left. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Joyce hit for Watson. Joyce walked. Jaso grounded out to second, Joyce to second. McCutchen walked. Freese struck out looking. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Rodriguez at first base. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Holliday flied out to right. Grichuk struck out looking. Piscotty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli singled to left. Polanco singled to center, Cervelli to second. Harrison sacrificed to third, Cervelli to third, Polanco to second. Cervelli caught stealing home, catcher to third, Polanco to third on runner's fielder's choice. Mercer doubled to right center, Polanco scored. Morse hit for Feliz. Morse grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Molina singled to right. Wong hit by pitch, Molina to second. Gyorko grounded out to first, Molina to third, Wong to second. Moss hit for Maness. Moss struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right, Molina scored, Wong to third. Carpenter to second on fielder's indifference. Adams flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Pirates 4.	Liriano dominates, Pirates open with 4-1 win over Cardinals