Pirates - Top 1st. Simon pitching for Reds. Jaso walked. McCutchen lined out to center. Freese hit by pitch, Jaso to second. Marte struck out swinging. Cervelli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Cozart grounded out to third. Suárez singled to left. Suárez stole second. Suárez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cervelli. Votto grounded out to second, Suárez scored. Phillips homered to center (408 feet). Mesoraco walked. Bruce flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Simon pitching for Reds. Polanco struck out swinging. Harrison lined out to shortstop. Mercer singled to right. Liriano doubled to right, Mercer scored. Jaso struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Duvall struck out swinging. Simon struck out swinging. Hamilton bunt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Simon pitching for Reds. McCutchen struck out swinging. Freese struck out swinging. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop, Marte to second on throwing error by shortstop Cozart. Cervelli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Cozart singled to shallow left. Suárez walked, Cozart to second. Votto walked, Cozart to third, Suárez to second. Phillips hit sacrifice fly to center, Cozart scored. Mesoraco grounded into double play, third to first, Suárez out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Simon pitching for Reds. Polanco struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to third. Mercer reached on infield single to second. Liriano singled to shallow left, Mercer to second. Jaso fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Bruce hit by pitch. Duvall singled to left, Bruce to third. Simon sacrificed to catcher, Duvall to second. Hamilton walked. Cozart grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Simon pitching for Reds. McCutchen safe at first on error by third baseman Suárez. Freese walked, McCutchen to second. Marte hit by pitch, McCutchen to third, Freese to second. Cervelli grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen scored, Freese out at third, Marte to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Harrison safe at first on error by third baseman Suárez, Marte advanced to third on Suárez error, Cervelli to second, Marte out at third in rundown. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Suárez grounded out to third. Votto struck out looking. Phillips singled to left. Phillips to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Mesoraco safe at first on error by third baseman Freese, Phillips advanced to third on Freese error, Phillips tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Cotham pitching for Reds. Mercer walked. Figueroa hit for Liriano. Figueroa fouled out to third. Jaso grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mercer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Bruce safe at first on error by third baseman Freese. Duvall walked, Bruce to second. Pacheco hit for Cotham. Pacheco flied out to center, Bruce to third, Duvall to second. Hamilton singled to left, Bruce scored, Duvall to third. Hamilton stole second. Cozart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duvall out at home, Hamilton to third, Cozart to second. Suárez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Díaz pitching for Reds. McCutchen grounded out to third. Freese struck out swinging. Marte reached on infield single to second. Marte stole second. Cervelli walked. Cingrani pitching for Reds. Polanco walked, Marte to third, Cervelli to second. Harrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Votto lined out to center. Phillips walked. Mesoraco grounded out to third, Phillips to second. Phillips stole third. Phillips scored on Vogelsong's wild pitch. Bruce grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Ohlendorf pitching for Reds. Mercer flied out to right. Joyce hit for Vogelsong. Joyce grounded out to second. Jaso hit by pitch. Jaso to second on wild pitch by Ohlendorf. McCutchen walked. Freese reached on infield single to second, Jaso to third, McCutchen to second. Hoover pitching for Reds. Holt in right field. Marte homered to left (406 feet), Jaso, McCutchen and Freese scored. Cervelli grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at first base. Duvall flied out to center. Holt struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Reds. Polanco flied out to center. Harrison flied out to center. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Cozart flied out to center. Suárez lined out to center. Votto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Reds 5.	Marte's 1st grand slam rallies Pirates over Reds 6-5