Pirates - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Jaso doubled to left. McCutchen flied out to center, Jaso to third. Joyce singled to left, Jaso scored. Marte struck out looking. Joyce caught stealing second, catcher to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Niese pitching for Pirates. Kinsler lined out to center. Upton struck out swinging, Upton safe at first on wild pitch by Niese. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Cervelli struck out swinging. Polanco doubled to right. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop, Polanco to third. Rodriguez walked, Harrison to second. Mercer singled to center, Polanco and Harrison scored, Rodriguez to second. Jaso flied out to center. McCutchen popped out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Niese pitching for Pirates. Martínez grounded out to shortstop. J.D. Martinez flied out to left. Castellanos homered to right center (379 feet). McCann flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Joyce doubled to deep right. Marte grounded out to first, Joyce to third. Cervelli hit sacrifice fly to right, Joyce scored. Polanco reached on infield single to third. Polanco caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Harrison batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Niese pitching for Pirates. Collins struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to third. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Harrison doubled to deep right. Rodriguez walked. Mercer sacrificed to first, Harrison to third, Rodriguez to second. Jaso hit sacrifice fly to center, Harrison scored, Rodriguez to third. McCutchen flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Niese pitching for Pirates. Upton singled to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martínez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Joyce fouled out to shortstop. Marte doubled to deep left. Cervelli singled to left, Marte to third. VerHagen pitching for Tigers. Polanco doubled to left, Marte scored, Cervelli to third. Harrison walked. Rodriguez singled to shallow center, Cervelli scored, Polanco to third, Harrison to second. Mercer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Niese pitching for Pirates. J.D. Martinez homered to left (402 feet). Castellanos struck out swinging. McCann grounded out to second. Collins fouled out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Saltalamacchia catching. Kensing pitching for Tigers. Jaso singled to left. McCutchen singled to center, Jaso to second. Joyce grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, McCutchen out at second, Jaso to third. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Niese pitching for Pirates. Iglesias singled to center. Kinsler flied out to right. Upton walked, Iglesias to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Iglesias scored on error by shortstop Mercer, Upton safe at third on error by shortstop Mercer. Martínez singled to center, Upton scored, Cabrera to second. J.D. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martínez out at second, Cabrera to third. Castellanos flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Kensing pitching for Tigers. Cervelli singled to center. Polanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cervelli out at second. Harrison lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Collins flied out to center. Iglesias grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Rodriguez flied out to right. Mercer grounded out to third. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Freese at third base. Rodriguez at first base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Kinsler fouled out to first. Upton struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Martínez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Ryan pitching for Tigers. McCutchen flied out to center. Morse hit for Joyce. Morse grounded out to third. Marte singled to left. Cervelli singled to right, Marte to second. Polanco lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. J.D. Martinez singled to left. Castellanos lined into double play, third to first, J.D. Martinez doubled off first. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 7 - Tigers 4.	Polanco doubles twice as Pirates beat Tigers, Verlander 7-4