Pirates - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer fouled out to right. McCutchen struck out swinging. Freese doubled to center. Marte walked. Rogers walked, Freese to third, Marte to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marte out at third, Rogers to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Segura struck out swinging. Drury flied out to right. Goldschmidt homered to right (365 feet). Tomás grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco struck out swinging. Stewart struck out looking. Liriano safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Mercer singled to left center, Liriano to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Castillo singled to center. Gosselin sacrificed to catcher, Castillo to second. Ahmed walked. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ahmed out at second, Castillo to third. Ray grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese hit ground rule double to deep right. Marte singled to center, Freese to third. Rogers tripled to left, Freese and Marte scored. Rodriguez singled to center, Rogers scored. Polanco grounded out to third, Rodriguez to second. Stewart flied out to right, Rodriguez to third. Liriano struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Segura struck out looking. Drury popped out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Tomás singled to right, Goldschmidt to third. Castillo homered to left (348 feet), Goldschmidt and Tomás scored. Gosselin reached on infield single to second. Ahmed lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer singled to right center. Mercer to second on passed ball by Castillo. McCutchen singled to left, Mercer to third. Drury at third base. Wagner pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in right field. Freese walked, McCutchen to second. Marte singled to center, Mercer scored, McCutchen to third, Freese to second. Jaso hit for Rogers. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, McCutchen scored on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt, Freese to third, Marte to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Freese out at home, Marte to third, Jaso to second. Polanco singled to left, Marte and Jaso scored, Rodriguez to second. Stewart singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Polanco to second. Liriano struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Jaso at first base. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Owings struck out swinging. Peralta struck out swinging. Segura struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Wagner pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen struck out swinging. Freese walked. Marte doubled to deep center, Freese thrown out at home, Marte to third advancing on throw. Jaso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Drury grounded out to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Tomás grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Wagner pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Polanco hit ground rule double to deep left center. Stewart struck out swinging. Liriano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Castillo walked. Weeks Jr. hit for Wagner. Weeks Jr. flied out to right. Ahmed flied out to center. Owings lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Mercer grounded out to third. McCutchen struck out swinging. Freese struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Peralta struck out looking. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Drury doubled to deep center. Goldschmidt popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte lined out to center. Jaso struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Harrison at second base. Rodriguez at first base. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Tomás homered to right (381 feet). Castillo walked. Lamb hit for Delgado. Watson pitching for Pirates. Castillo stole second. Lamb struck out swinging. Ahmed fouled out to first. Owings tripled to deep right center, Castillo scored. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Drury in right field. Lamb at third base. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta in center field. Polanco singled to center. Stewart grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. Joyce hit for Watson. Joyce walked. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to second. Drury singled to right. Goldschmidt homered to right (370 feet), Drury scored. Tomás struck out swinging. Castillo struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 10th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen grounded out to third. Freese grounded out to second. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Lamb walked. Lamb to second on wild pitch by Lobstein. Ahmed sacrificed to pitcher, Lamb to third. Herrmann hit for Ziegler. Herrmann grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lamb out at home. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 11th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison lined out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 11th. Lobstein pitching for Pirates. Segura grounded out to third. Drury doubled to right. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Tomás struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 12th. Clippard pitching for Diamondbacks. Cervelli hit for Lobstein. Cervelli singled to center. Mercer sacrificed to pitcher, Cervelli to second. Cervelli out at third on runner's fielder's choice. McCutchen walked. Freese doubled to deep right center, McCutchen scored. Marte singled to left, Freese scored, Marte out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 12th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Lamb walked. Ahmed struck out looking. Greinke hit for Clippard. Greinke reached on infield single to third, Lamb to second. Miller ran for Greinke. Peralta doubled to deep center, Lamb scored, Miller to third. Segura singled to left, Miller scored, Peralta to third. Segura to second on fielder's indifference. Drury struck out swinging. Goldschmidt intentionally walked. Tomás struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 13th. Segura at shortstop. Drury at second base. Tomás in right field. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller in left field. Harrison doubled to right. Rodriguez doubled to deep left, Harrison scored. Polanco grounded out to first, Rodriguez to third. Stewart intentionally walked. Niese hit for Feliz. Niese singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Stewart to second. Mercer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Niese out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 13th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Castillo singled to left. Lamb lined out to center. Corbin hit for Marshall. Corbin struck out swinging. Miller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 12 - Diamondbacks 10.	Left in: P Miller plays OF as Bucs outlast D-backs