Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Segura lined out to second. Gosselin grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt walked. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Jaso walked. McCutchen singled to left, Jaso to second. Polanco homered to right center (403 feet), Jaso and McCutchen scored. Kang grounded out to second. Marte singled to center. Marte stole second, Marte safe at third on throwing error by catcher Castillo. Harrison flied out to left. Mercer flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Tom치s grounded out to third. Drury popped out to shortstop. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart flied out to left. Liriano struck out looking. Jaso singled to center. McCutchen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Ahmed struck out swinging. Miller struck out swinging. Segura lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco grounded out to first. Kang struck out swinging. Marte singled to right. Harrison walked, Marte to second. Mercer doubled to deep center, Marte and Harrison scored. Stewart intentionally walked. Liriano singled to left, Mercer scored, Stewart thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Gosselin doubled to right center. Goldschmidt walked. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gosselin out at third, Goldschmidt to second. Tom치s grounded into double play, second to first, Castillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Jaso struck out swinging. McCutchen grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Drury lined out to center. Owings lined out to center. Ahmed grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Miller pitching for Diamondbacks. Kang walked. Marte lined out to second. Harrison singled to center, Kang to second. Mercer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harrison out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Weeks Jr. hit for Miller. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Weeks Jr. grounded out to third. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Gosselin walked. Goldschmidt singled to right, Gosselin to second. Castillo walked, Gosselin to third, Goldschmidt to second. Tom치s walked, Gosselin scored, Goldschmidt to third, Castillo to second. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Drury grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart singled to center. Freese hit for Hughes. Freese singled to center, Stewart to second. Jaso sacrificed to pitcher, Stewart to third, Freese to second. McCutchen grounded out to pitcher. Polanco doubled to deep center, Stewart and Freese scored. Gosselin in right field. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Lamb at third base. Kang singled to center, Polanco scored. Marte grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Figueroa at third base. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Freese at first base. Owings grounded out to second. Ahmed reached on infield single to third. Lamb singled to right, Ahmed to second. Segura hit by pitch, Ahmed to third, Lamb to second. Bourn ran for Segura. Gosselin flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Bourn in right field. Gosselin at second base. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Harrison reached on infield single to second. Mercer singled to right, Harrison to second. Stewart grounded out to third, Harrison to third, Mercer to second. Freese hit by pitch. Figueroa singled to left, Harrison scored, Mercer to third, Freese to second. McCutchen singled to right, Mercer scored, Figueroa out at third, Freese to third, Freese scored advancing on throw. Polanco singled to center, McCutchen to second. Caminero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen out at third, Polanco to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Joyce in right field. Polanco in left field. Marte in center field. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Castillo walked. Tom치s struck out swinging. Herrmann hit for Marshall. Herrmann grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castillo out at second. Owings singled to center, Herrmann to third. Ahmed hit by pitch, Owings to second. Schugel pitching for Pirates. Corbin ran for Ahmed. Lamb grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Herrmann in center field. Owings at shortstop. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Marte safe at first on error by shortstop Owings. Rodriguez hit for Harrison. Rodriguez struck out looking. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Marte out at second. Stewart walked, Mercer to second. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rodriguez at second base. Schugel pitching for Pirates. Bourn lined out to center. Gosselin singled to center. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gosselin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 1 - Pirates 12.	Polanco drives in 5, Pirates crush Diamondbacks 12-1