Pirates - Top 1st. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Realmuto singled to center. Yelich walked, Realmuto to second. Ozuna grounded out to third, Realmuto to third, Yelich to second. Bour fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Kang grounded out to pitcher. Marte reached on infield single to shortstop. Marte caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cervelli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Dietrich struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Hechavarría grounded into fielder's choice to second, Johnson out at second. Fernández grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Harrison singled to shallow right. Mercer struck out swinging. Cole sacrificed to catcher, Harrison to second. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Suzuki singled to center. Realmuto singled to left, Suzuki to third, Realmuto to second advancing on throw. Yelich struck out swinging. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at home, Ozuna to second, Realmuto to third advancing on throw. Bour struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. McCutchen struck out swinging. Polanco flied out to right. Kang struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Dietrich grounded out to first. Johnson lined out to shortstop. Hechavarría lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Marte struck out swinging. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Harrison lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Fernández grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to catcher. Realmuto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Mercer flied out to center. Cole flied out to right. Jaso grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Yelich singled to right. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich to second. Bour fouled out to left. Dietrich singled to left, Yelich to third, Ozuna to second. Johnson lined out to second. Hechavarría flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. McCutchen singled to right. Polanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. Kang grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Fernández grounded out to first. Suzuki singled to right. Realmuto reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second. Yelich singled to right, Suzuki scored, Realmuto to third, Yelich to second advancing on throw. Ozuna walked. Wild pitch by Cole, Realmuto scored, Yelich to third. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Bour grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich scored, Ozuna out at second. Dietrich lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Phelps pitching for Marlins. Rojas at second base. Johnson at first base. Prado at third base. Marte struck out looking. Cervelli struck out swinging. Harrison singled to center. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harrison out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Schugel pitching for Pirates. Johnson doubled to left. Hechavarría struck out swinging. Prado lined into double play, shortstop to second, Johnson doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Joyce hit for Schugel. Joyce walked. Jaso singled to left, Joyce to second. McCutchen walked, Joyce to third, Jaso to second. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Joyce scored, Jaso to third. Kang struck out looking. Marte flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 1 - Marlins 3.	Fernandez tosses 7 scoreless innings in 3-1 win