Brewers - Top 1st. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Villar grounded out to second. Gennett popped out to shortstop. Braun singled to center. Lucroy singled to right, Braun to second. Carter struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Jaso grounded out to second. Polanco walked. McCutchen singled to center, Polanco to second. Marte walked, Polanco to third, McCutchen to second. Freese singled to right, Polanco scored, McCutchen to third, Marte to second. Cervelli hit sacrifice fly to right, McCutchen scored, Marte to third. Harrison grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Freese out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to shortstop. Pérez singled to left. Flores grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pérez out at second. Guerra singled to left center, Flores to second. Villar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Mercer grounded out to pitcher. Taillon struck out swinging. Jaso grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Gennett safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gennett out at second. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Polanco grounded out to second. McCutchen struck out swinging. Marte safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Villar. Freese grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 4th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Carter doubled to deep center. Nieuwenhuis grounded out to shortstop, Carter to third. Pérez grounded out to third, Carter scored. Flores lined out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Cervelli walked. Harrison struck out swinging, Cervelli stole second. Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop. Taillon struck out swinging. Jaso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Guerra grounded out to shortstop. Villar struck out swinging. Gennett grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Taillon pitching for Pirates. Braun lined out to second. Lucroy struck out swinging. Carter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Freese flied out to right. Cervelli grounded out to first. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Feliz pitching for Pirates. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Pérez struck out looking. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Mercer tripled to deep center. Joyce hit for Feliz. Joyce grounded out to third. Jaso struck out swinging. Polanco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Rodriguez at first base. Watson pitching for Pirates. Elmore hit for Knebel. Elmore walked. Villar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Elmore out at second. Gennett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. McCutchen walked. Marte grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen safe at second on error by shortstop Villar. Freese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Marte out at second, McCutchen to third. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Braun walked. Lucroy singled to center, Braun to second. Carter struck out swinging. Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging. Pérez singled to center, Braun scored, Lucroy to third, Pérez to second advancing on throw. Flores popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Thornburg pitching for Brewers. Harrison tripled to deep center, Harrison scored on throwing error by second baseman Gennett. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Brewers 2 - Pirates 3.	Harrison's walk-off scamper lifts Pirates by Brewers 3-2