Padres - Top 1st. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Jankowski singled to left. Myers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jankowski out at second. Solarte walked. Dickerson doubled to center, Solarte scored. Schimpf walked. Blash singled to left center, Dickerson scored, Schimpf to third. Norris struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Harrison grounded out to pitcher. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Rondón grounded out to second. Perdomo grounded out to third. Jankowski struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Polanco flied out to center. Freese singled to right. Jaso grounded into fielder's choice to second, Freese safe at second on error by shortstop Rondón. Cervelli hit by pitch, Freese to third, Jaso to second. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Freese scored, Jaso to third, Cervelli to second. Kuhl struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Myers struck out looking. Solarte singled to right. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Schimpf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen singled to left. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Blash grounded out to third. Norris fouled out to second. Rondón lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Freese singled to shallow center. Jaso walked, Freese to second. Cervelli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jaso out at second, Freese to third. Rodriguez singled to center, Freese scored. Kuhl grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Perdomo grounded out to first. Jankowski walked. Myers grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jankowski out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Perdomo pitching for Padres. Harrison reached on infield single to shortstop. Harrison stole second. Marte grounded out to shortstop. McCutchen walked. Polanco homered to right center (448 feet), Harrison and McCutchen scored. Freese singled to shallow left center. Jaso reached on infield single to first, Freese to second. Freese to third, Jaso to second on wild pitch by Perdomo. Cervelli doubled to deep right center, Jaso tagged out at home, Freese scored, Cervelli to third, Jaso to third. Rodriguez intentionally walked. Kuhl grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rodriguez out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Kuhl pitching for Pirates. Solarte singled to left. Dickerson walked, Solarte to second. Schimpf popped out to third. Blash grounded into double play, third to second to first, Dickerson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Harrison struck out swinging. Marte walked. McCutchen walked. Polanco grounded out to second, Marte to third, McCutchen to second. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Freese at first base. Kang at third base. Rivero pitching for Pirates. Norris struck out swinging. Rondón grounded out to first. Rosales hit for Richard. Rosales walked. Rosales to second on wild pitch by Rivero. Jankowski struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Campos pitching for Padres. Kang struck out swinging. Cervelli struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Myers homered to left (414 feet). Solarte flied out to center. Dickerson lined out to second. Schimpf struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Joyce hit for Bastardo. Enrique Campos pitching for Padres. Joyce walked. Harrison reached on infield single to pitcher, Joyce to second. Marte flied out to center. McCutchen walked, Joyce to third, Harrison to second. Polanco lined out to second. Freese popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Blash homered to left center (410 feet). Norris flied out to left. Ramírez hit for Rondón. Ramírez hit by pitch. Bethancourt hit for Campos. Bethancourt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramírez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Pirates 6.	Polanco, rookie Kuhl lead Pirates to 6-4 victory over Padres