Rockies - Top 1st. Stults pitching for Padres. Blackmon doubled to deep right. Cuddyer walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cuddyer out at second, Blackmon to third. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Cabrera struck out swinging. Amarista walked. Smith singled to left, Amarista to second. Gyorko grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Stults pitching for Padres. Morneau grounded out to second. Arenado singled to center. LeMahieu grounded out to third, Arenado to second. Lyles struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Headley walked. Alonso grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Headley out at second. Grandal lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Stults pitching for Padres. Blackmon reached on infield single to second. Cuddyer flied out to center. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop, Blackmon to second on throwing error by shortstop Cabrera. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to pitcher, Blackmon scored, Tulowitzki to second on throwing error by pitcher Stults. Rosario lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Venable singled to center. Stults bunt grounded out to, Venable tagged out at second. Cabrera flied out to center. Amarista grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Stults pitching for Padres. Morneau singled to right. Arenado singled to right, Morneau to third. LeMahieu singled to left, Morneau scored, Arenado to second. Lyles struck out bunting foul. Blackmon popped out to second. Cuddyer walked, Arenado to third, LeMahieu to second. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Smith grounded out to first. Gyorko grounded out to shortstop. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Stults pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki singled to left center. Rosario homered to left (380 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Morneau flied out to left. Arenado fouled out to first. LeMahieu struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Alonso singled to left. Grandal flied out to left. Venable struck out swinging. Medica hit for Stults. Medica doubled to left, Alonso scored. Cabrera doubled to left, Medica scored. Amarista tripled to deep right, Cabrera scored. Barnes in right field. Smith struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Torres pitching for Padres. Stubbs hit for Lyles. Stubbs walked. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Stubbs out at second. Barnes walked, Blackmon to second. Gonzalez walked, Blackmon to third, Barnes to second. Vincent pitching for Padres. Tulowitzki lined into double play, third to second, Barnes doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Gyorko walked. Headley grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Gyorko out at second. Alonso grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Rosario flied out to center. Morneau flied out to center. Arenado popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Rockies. Grandal grounded out to first. Venable tripled to deep right. Denorfia hit for Vincent. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at home, Denorfia to second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Thayer pitching for Padres. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Dickerson hit for Belisle. Dickerson popped out to shortstop. Blackmon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Nady hit for Amarista. Nady walked. Smith walked, Nady to second. Gyorko flied out to center. Headley lined out to center. Alonso walked, Nady to third, Smith to second. Nady scored, Smith to third on wild pitch by Brothers. Smith scored, Alonso safe at second on throwing error by catcher Rosario. Grandal flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Nady in right field. Venable in center field. Street pitching for Padres. Barnes struck out swinging. Gonzalez lined out to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Padres 5.	Wild pitch, throwing error gives Padres win