Padres - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to second. Smith safe at first on error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Quentin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ross pitching for Padres. Pollock grounded out to third. Parra struck out swinging. Goldschmidt flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley flied out to left. Alonso grounded out to second. Gyorko flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ross pitching for Padres. Montero grounded out to second. Prado singled to center. Ross singled to right, Prado to third. Owings struck out looking. Pennington singled to center, Prado scored, Ross to second, Ross scored, Pennington to second on error by center fielder Amarista. McCarthy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera grounded out to second. Amarista doubled to right. Ross struck out looking. Amarista to third on wild pitch by McCarthy. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ross pitching for Padres. Pollock singled to left center. Parra flied out to center. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith doubled to deep center, Smith out stretching at third. Quentin grounded out to shortstop. Headley lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ross pitching for Padres. Montero flied out to center. Prado struck out looking. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso homered to right center (417 feet). Gyorko struck out looking. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Amarista singled to left. Ross singled to right, Amarista to second. Cabrera homered to right (410 feet), Amarista and Ross scored. Smith struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ross pitching for Padres. Owings flied out to right. Pennington grounded out to pitcher. McCarthy lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin singled to center. Headley grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second. Alonso doubled to deep right. Gyorko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Ross pitching for Padres. Pollock singled to left. Parra reached on bunt single to pitcher, Pollock to second. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Pollock scored, Parra to second. Montero singled to right, Parra scored, Goldschmidt to third. Prado doubled to deep left, Goldschmidt scored, Montero to third. Vincent pitching for Padres. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Owings popped out to first. Pennington struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera flied out to right. Amarista struck out swinging. Medica hit for Vincent. Medica doubled to center. Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera doubled to left, Medica scored. Cabrera stole third. Smith lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Hill hit for Thatcher. Hill flied out to center. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Parra lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin grounded out to third. Headley singled to right. Alonso struck out swinging. Gyorko singled to center, Headley to third, Gyorko out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Padres. Amarista in left field. Maybin in center field. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Montero struck out swinging. Prado walked. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera struck out swinging. Amarista grounded out to first. Grandal hit for Benoit. Grandal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Owings struck out looking. Pennington hit by pitch. Chavez hit for Ziegler. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pennington out at second. Inciarte ran for Chavez. Pollock homered to center (428 feet), Inciarte scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Diamondbacks 7.	Pollock homers in 9th, D-backs top Padres 7-5