Padres - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Dodgers. Solarte flied out to center. Almonte doubled to right. Smith walked. Gyorko homered to center (413 feet), Almonte and Smith scored. Goebbert grounded out to first. Liriano grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Gordon grounded out to first. Puig struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Dodgers. Rivera singled to left. Amarista singled to left, Rivera to second. Kennedy struck out swinging. Solarte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Amarista out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Kemp grounded out to third. Crawford singled to left. Turner doubled to deep center, Crawford scored. Arruebarrena singled to shallow right, Turner scored. Ellis lined out to third. Correia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Dodgers. Almonte singled to right. Smith struck out swinging. Almonte caught stealing second, catcher to third. Gyorko struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Gordon struck out swinging. Puig struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Dodgers. Goebbert flied out to center. Liriano grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Kemp doubled to left. Crawford walked. Turner doubled to deep center, Kemp scored, Crawford to third. Arruebarrena walked. Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center, Crawford scored. Correia grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Turner scored on throwing error by first baseman Goebbert, Arruebarrena safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Goebbert. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Arruebarrena out at home. Puig grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Dodgers. Amarista grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy struck out looking. Solarte singled to right center. Almonte singled to right, Solarte to third. Smith singled to right, Solarte scored, Almonte to second. Almonte to third on wild pitch by Correia. Gyorko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Padres. Gonzalez flied out to left. Kemp doubled to deep left. Crawford singled to center, Kemp scored. Turner flied out to center. Crawford stole second. Arruebarrena struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Goebbert singled to left. Liriano struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to third, Goebbert to second. Amarista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Ellis grounded out to first. Wright struck out swinging. Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Nelson hit for Vincent. Wright pitching for Dodgers. Nelson struck out swinging. Solarte reached on infield single to second. Almonte grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solarte out at second. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Puig reached on infield single to third, Puig to second on throwing error by third baseman Solarte. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Puig to third. Kemp struck out swinging. Torres pitching for Padres. Crawford homered to right (388 feet), Puig scored. Turner struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Howell pitching for Dodgers. Gyorko grounded out to third. Medica hit for Goebbert. League pitching for Dodgers. Rojas at third base. Medica flied out to right. Liriano singled to right. Grandal hit for Rivera. Liriano to second on fielder's indifference. Grandal doubled to left, Liriano scored. Amarista grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Medica at first base. Grandal catching. Garces pitching for Padres. Arruebarrena struck out swinging. Ellis popped out to second. Rojas popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Venable hit for Garces. Venable walked. Solarte fouled out to first. Venable to second on fielder's indifference. Almonte reached on bunt single to pitcher, Venable scored, Almonte to second on throwing error by pitcher Jansen. Smith flied out to left. Gyorko singled to center, Almonte to third, Almonte thrown out at third after rounding the base. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Dodgers 8.	Dodgers beat Padres 8-6 to end 3-game skid