Padres - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Solarte grounded out to first. Almonte flied out to center. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Stults pitching for Padres. Barney hit by pitch. Puig lined into double play, shortstop to first, Barney doubled off first. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Gyorko reached on infield single to third. Grandal flied out to left. Goebbert walked, Gyorko to second. Liriano walked, Gyorko to third, Goebbert to second. Amarista singled to center, Gyorko scored, Goebbert to third, Liriano to second. Stults singled to left, Goebbert scored, Liriano to third, Amarista to second, Liriano scored on error by left fielder Van Slyke. Solarte grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Stults out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Stults pitching for Padres. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Van Slyke singled to left. Turner singled to right, Van Slyke to second. Arruebarrena struck out swinging. Ellis walked, Van Slyke to third, Turner to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Almonte grounded out to shortstop. Smith singled to left. Gyorko flied out to center. Grandal singled to center, Smith to second. Goebbert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Stults pitching for Padres. Barney flied out to center. Puig reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep right, Puig to third. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center, Puig scored, Gonzalez to third on throwing error by center fielder Almonte. Van Slyke grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Liriano singled to center. Amarista singled to right, Liriano to third. Stults sacrificed to first, Amarista to second. Solarte hit sacrifice fly to center, Liriano scored. Amarista stole third. Almonte grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Stults pitching for Padres. Turner grounded out to shortstop. Arruebarrena lined out to left. Ellis lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Dodgers. Smith singled to center. Gyorko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. Grandal flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gordon hit for Hernandez. Stults pitching for Padres. Gordon struck out swinging. Barney struck out swinging. Puig grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Gordon at second base. Goebbert reached on infield single to second. Liriano flied out to right. Amarista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goebbert safe at second on error by shortstop Arruebarrena. Medica hit for Stults. Medica flied out to center. Solarte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Boyer pitching for Padres. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Kemp popped out to shortstop. Van Slyke lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Baez pitching for Dodgers. Almonte reached on infield single to shortstop. Smith flied out to center. Gyorko flied out to center. Grandal lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Boyer pitching for Padres. Turner walked. Arruebarrena lined out to right. Ellis grounded into double play, third to second to first, Turner out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Wilson pitching for Dodgers. Goebbert grounded out to third. Liriano doubled to deep right center. Liriano out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Amarista walked. Venable hit for Boyer. Amarista stole second, Amarista safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ellis. Venable flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Thayer pitching for Padres. Gordon singled to right center. Ethier hit for Wilson. Ethier struck out looking, Gordon stole second. Puig grounded out to second, Gordon to third. Gonzalez walked. Kemp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Frias pitching for Dodgers. Solarte grounded out to second. Almonte lined out to right. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Almonte in left field. Quackenbush pitching for Padres. Maybin in center field. Van Slyke singled to left. Turner lined out to center. Crawford hit for Arruebarrena. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Van Slyke out at second. Ellis grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Dodgers 1.	Padres beat Dodgers 4-1 to end 2-game skid