Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cashner pitching for Padres. Inciarte struck out swinging. Owings singled to left. Peralta tripled to deep right, Owings scored. Trumbo flied out to right. Montero struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Solarte singled to right. Amarista popped out to shortstop. Smith singled to right, Solarte to third. Grandal popped out to second. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Marte fouled out to third. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable grounded out to second. Liriano grounded out to first. Spangenberg grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cashner pitching for Padres. Collmenter struck out looking. Inciarte lined out to center. Owings grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Cashner grounded out to shortstop. Solarte grounded out to second. Amarista singled to left center. Smith doubled to right, Amarista scored. Grandal grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Peralta flied out to center. Trumbo popped out to second. Montero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera flied out to right. Venable lined out to center. Liriano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Marte walked. Pennington struck out swinging. Gregorius doubled to deep right, Marte to third. Collmenter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte scored, Gregorius to third. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to first. Gregorius scored, Collmenter safe at third, Inciarte safe at second on error by third baseman Solarte. Owings grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Inciarte out at third on runner interference. Peralta singled to center, Collmenter scored, Owings to second. Trumbo struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Spangenberg struck out swinging. Cashner bunt grounded out to pitcher. Solarte flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Montero grounded out to first. Marte lined out to right. Pennington popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Amarista singled to right. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Amarista out at second. Grandal walked. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Cashner pitching for Padres. Gregorius lined out to left. Collmenter grounded out to second. Inciarte singled to right. Owings flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable walked. Liriano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Venable out at second. Spangenberg grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Liriano out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Garces pitching for Padres. Peralta struck out swinging. Trumbo doubled to deep center. Montero singled to right center, Trumbo scored. Campos pitching for Padres. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Almonte hit for Campos. Almonte grounded out to shortstop. Solarte lined out to left. Amarista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Alvarez pitching for Padres. Pennington walked. Gregorius grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pennington out at second. Ross hit for Hudson. Ross singled to left, Gregorius to second. Inciarte walked, Gregorius to third, Ross to second. Owings hit sacrifice fly to center, Gregorius scored. Torres pitching for Padres. Peralta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Reed pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith flied out to center. Grandal grounded out to third. Rivera lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Padres 1.	D-backs win in Hudson's return after 2 years