White Sox - Top 1st. Harden pitching for Athletics. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi singled to center. Everett singled to right center, Iguchi to third. Konerko singled to left, Iguchi scored, Everett to second. Dye grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Konerko out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes singled to left. Kendall grounded into double play, third to second to first, Byrnes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Rowand lined out to right. Uribe struck out swinging. Widger lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Chavez flied out to left. Kielty singled to left. Hatteberg walked, Kielty to second. Ginter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Harden pitching for Athletics. Ozuna grounded out to pitcher. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. Iguchi reached on infield single to second. Everett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Swisher singled to center. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Swisher out at second. Kotsay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Konerko struck out looking. Dye doubled to deep center. Rowand singled to left, Dye to third. Uribe singled to left, Dye scored, Rowand to second. Widger singled to center, Rowand scored, Uribe to third. Ozuna grounded into double play, second to first, Widger out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Byrnes fouled out to third. Kendall safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Chavez grounded out to first, Kendall to third. Kielty walked. Hatteberg grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Podsednik struck out swinging. Iguchi fouled out to first. Everett hit by pitch. Everett to second on wild pitch by Harden. Everett to third on wild pitch by Harden. Konerko walked. Dye lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ginter singled to center. Swisher singled to right, Ginter to second. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Swisher out at second, Ginter to third. Kotsay singled to right, Ginter scored, Scutaro to second. Byrnes struck out swinging. Kendall walked. Chavez singled to left, Scutaro and Kotsay scored, Kendall to third. Kielty singled to center, Kendall scored, Chavez to second. Hatteberg grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Harden pitching for Athletics. Rowand singled to left. Uribe safe at second on error by left fielder Byrnes, Rowand scored. Widger struck out swinging. Ozuna walked. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Podsednik singled to left, Uribe scored, Ozuna to third, Podsednik to second advancing on throw. Iguchi singled to right, Ozuna and Podsednik scored. Everett singled to right, Iguchi to second, Iguchi to third on error by right fielder Swisher. Konerko flied out to center, Iguchi thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ginter safe at first on error by third baseman Ozuna. Swisher struck out looking. Scutaro flied out to center. Kotsay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Dye lined out to center. Rowand reached on infield single to shortstop. Crede hit for Uribe. Crede walked, Rowand to second. Widger struck out swinging, Rowand stole third. Ozuna hit by pitch, Crede to second. Crede at third base. Ozuna at shortstop. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ozuna out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Byrnes singled to center. Kendall lined out to center. Harris at shortstop. Chavez batting. Marte pitching for White Sox. Kielty grounded out to second, Kendall scored, Chavez to third. Chavez scored on Marte's balk. Hatteberg struck out looking. Ginter lined out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Iguchi batting. Everett grounded out to shortstop. Konerko walked. Dye singled to center, Konerko to third. Rowand struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Marte pitching for White Sox. Swisher struck out looking. Scutaro safe at second on error by right fielder Dye. Kotsay walked. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Durazo hit for Byrnes. Thomas ran for Durazo. Durazo safe at first on error by shortstop Harris, Scutaro scored, Kotsay to third. Kendall singled to left, Kotsay scored, Thomas to second. Chavez flied out to left. Thomas in left field. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Kielty flied out to right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Dotel pitching for Athletics. Crede struck out swinging. Widger popped out to second. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Athletics 9.	Live and let Dye: Error ends ChiSox's winning streak