Athletics - Top 1st. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Kotsay singled to left center. Kendall flied out to center. Kotsay stole second. Chavez singled to center, Kotsay scored. Chavez to second on wild pitch by Waechter. Hatteberg homered to right, Chavez scored. Kielty flied out to center. Durazo grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Etherton pitching for Athletics. Crawford struck out swinging. Lugo struck out looking. Hollins singled to center. Hollins stole second. Lee doubled to deep right, Hollins scored. Phelps singled to center, Lee scored. Green grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Ellis flied out to left. Watson grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Etherton pitching for Athletics. Sanchez flied out to left. Hall singled to left center. Hall to second on balk by Etherton. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. Hall to third on wild pitch by Etherton. Crawford batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Lee batting. Phelps doubled to left center. Green grounded out to pitcher, Phelps to third. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Sanchez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Scutaro singled to left. Kotsay singled to center, Scutaro to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kotsay out at second, Scutaro to third. Chavez struck out swinging, Kendall stole second. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Hatteberg hit by pitch. Kielty struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Saarloos. Crawford singled to right, Gonzalez to third. Lugo singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Crawford to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Hollins grounded out to pitcher, Crawford to third, Lugo to second. Lee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Durazo grounded out to first. Ellis grounded out to third. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Clark ran for Watson. Watson walked. Clark in left field. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Scutaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Yabu pitching for Athletics. Phelps struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Kotsay safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Kendall safe at first on error by third baseman Gonzalez, Kotsay to second. Chavez flied out to center. Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher, Kotsay to third, Kendall to second. Kielty grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 4 - Devil Rays 5.	Phelps, Lugo help D-Rays rally for narrow win vs. A's