Devil Rays - Top 1st. Zito pitching for Athletics. Crawford struck out swinging. Lugo flied out to center. Hollins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Kendall singled to right. Kotsay singled to left, Kendall to second. Kielty flied out to right, Kendall to third. Chavez fouled out to left. Byrnes singled to left, Kendall scored, Kotsay to second. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Huff singled to center. Perez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Huff out at second. Green walked. Lee flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Crosby singled to left. Ellis homered to left, Crosby scored. Swisher safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo. Kendall safe at first on error by shortstop Lugo, Swisher to second. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to first, Kendall out at second, Swisher to third. Kielty singled to left center, Swisher scored, Kotsay to second. Chavez singled to right, Kotsay scored, Kielty to second. Byrnes tripled to deep center, Kielty and Chavez scored. Johnson grounded out to first. Crosby popped out to first. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Zito pitching for Athletics. Hall walked. Gonzalez singled to left, Hall to second. Crawford flied out to left. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez out at second, Hall to third. Hollins singled to center, Hall scored, Lugo to second. Huff grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Swisher grounded out to third. Kendall flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Perez doubled to deep center. Green popped out to second. Lee flied out to left. Hall grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Kotsay flied out to left. Kielty grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Gonzalez lined out to second. Crawford lined out to shortstop. Lugo singled to left. Hollins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to shortstop. Crosby doubled to deep right center. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Huff flied out to center. Perez flied out to center. Green struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Swisher struck out swinging. Kendall singled to left. Kotsay doubled to right center, Kendall scored. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Kielty singled to center, Kotsay scored. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kielty out at second. Byrnes doubled to left center, Chavez scored. Byrnes to third on wild pitch by Colome. Johnson singled to right, Byrnes scored. Crosby flied out to left. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Zito pitching for Athletics. Lee flied out to left. Hall flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Colome pitching for Devil Rays. Ellis struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Kendall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Thomas in center field. Reames pitching for Athletics. Crawford singled to right. Crawford to second on fielder's indifference. Lugo singled to shallow right, Crawford to third. Hollins singled to right, Crawford scored, Lugo to second. Huff struck out looking. Perez grounded out to shortstop, Lugo to third, Hollins to second. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Green struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Melhuse hit for Kielty. Miller pitching for Devil Rays. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Scutaro hit for Chavez. Melhuse struck out swinging. Scutaro at third base. Harikkala pitching for Athletics. Scutaro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Harikkala pitching for Athletics. Lee grounded out to first. Hall doubled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 2 - Athletics 11.	Zito snaps five-start winless skid as A's pound Devil Rays