Athletics - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Kendall doubled to left. Kotsay singled to right, Kendall scored. Crosby walked, Kotsay to second. Chavez flied out to center. Johnson flied out to center. Kielty walked, Kotsay to third, Crosby to second. Swisher struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Podsednik struck out looking. Iguchi reached on infield single to shortstop. Thomas singled to left, Iguchi to second. Konerko popped out to second. Everett walked, Iguchi to third, Thomas to second. Rowand singled to left, Iguchi scored, Thomas thrown out at home, Everett to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Scutaro singled to right center. Melhuse singled to right, Scutaro to third. Kendall singled to right center, Scutaro scored, Melhuse to second. Kotsay grounded out to second, Melhuse to third, Kendall to second. Crosby struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Johnson homered to right. Kielty singled to right. Swisher grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kielty out at second. Scutaro flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Podsednik doubled to deep right center. Iguchi grounded out to second, Podsednik to third. Thomas singled to shallow left, Podsednik scored. Konerko singled to left, Thomas to second. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second, Thomas to third. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Everett out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Melhuse struck out swinging. Kendall flied out to center. Kotsay homered to right. Crosby struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Pierzynski singled to right. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pierzynski safe at third on error by third baseman Chavez. Ozuna safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Podsednik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pierzynski scored, Ozuna out at second, Uribe to third. Iguchi grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Johnson walked. Kielty grounded into double play, second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Thomas grounded out to second. Konerko singled to left. Everett homered to right, Konerko scored. Rowand struck out swinging. Pierzynski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Swisher grounded out to second. Scutaro tripled to deep right center. Melhuse flied out to center. Kendall flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Athletics. Uribe grounded out to third. Ozuna safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Haren. Podsednik reached on bunt single to pitcher, Ozuna to second. Calero pitching for Athletics. Iguchi lined out to center. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Thomas fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 7th. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Kotsay struck out swinging. Crosby doubled to deep left. Chavez walked. Johnson doubled to deep center, Crosby and Chavez scored, Johnson to third on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Kielty intentionally walked. Swisher flied out to left, Kielty to second. Scutaro intentionally walked. Politte pitching for White Sox. Melhuse walked, Johnson scored, Kielty to third, Scutaro to second. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kendall struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Konerko singled to center. Everett struck out looking. Rowand singled to right, Konerko to third. Pierzynski singled to right, Konerko scored, Rowand to second. Uribe struck out looking. Ozuna grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pierzynski out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Politte pitching for White Sox. Kotsay grounded out to first. Crosby grounded out to second. Chavez fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Podsednik grounded out to second. Street pitching for Athletics. Iguchi flied out to center. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Thomas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Johnson struck out looking. Kielty lined out to center. Swisher homered to right. Scutaro popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Konerko homered to left. Everett reached on infield single to shortstop. Rowand sacrificed to pitcher, Everett to second. Harris ran for Everett. Perez hit for Uribe. Chi White Sox's Pierzynski ejected by Foster in the 9th. Perez doubled to deep left center, Harris scored. Harris at shortstop. Widger catching. Perez in right field. Ozuna grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 10th. Hermanson pitching for White Sox. Melhuse fouled out to third. Kendall singled to right. Kotsay flied out to center. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 10th. Street pitching for Athletics. Podsednik grounded out to first. Iguchi flied out to center. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Thomas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 11th. Vizcaino pitching for White Sox. Chavez walked. Johnson reached on infield single to third, Chavez to second. Kielty sacrificed to third, Chavez to third, Johnson to second. Swisher doubled to deep right, Chavez scored, Johnson tagged out at home. Scutaro popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 11th. Dye ran for Konerko. Street pitching for Athletics. Konerko singled to right center. Harris struck out swinging. Rowand popped out to first. Dye stole second. Widger grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - White Sox 8.	A's for effort: Oakland sweeps White Sox