Yankees - Top 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Jeter grounded out to second. Matsui grounded out to third. Sheffield grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Small pitching for Yankees. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Ellis singled to right. Chavez flied into double play, center to first, Ellis doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded out to left. Giambi grounded into double play, second to third to first, Rodriguez out at second. Lawton walked. Lawton stole second, Lawton safe at third on error by catcher Kendall. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Small pitching for Yankees. Hatteberg singled to center. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hatteberg out at second. Johnson fouled out to left, Payton to second. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Cano singled to center. Crosby singled to right, Cano to second. Cano caught stealing third, catcher to third, Crosby to second on runner's fielder's choice. Jeter singled to right, Crosby to third. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to center, Crosby scored, Jeter to second. Sheffield flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Small pitching for Yankees. Swisher walked. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Swisher out at second. Kendall grounded out to third, Scutaro to second. Ellis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Giambi popped out to second. Lawton grounded out to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Posada intentionally walked. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Small pitching for Yankees. Chavez flied out to center. Hatteberg fouled out to first. Payton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Crosby bunt popped out to catcher. Jeter lined out to pitcher. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Small pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to second. Kielty lined out to right. Swisher struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sheffield flied out to center. Rodriguez singled to left. Giambi flied out to left. Lawton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Small pitching for Yankees. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Ellis lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Posada singled to center. Cano singled to left, Posada to second. Crosby sacrificed to catcher, Posada to third, Cano to second. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Jeter intentionally walked. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Posada scored, Jeter out at second, Cano to third. Sheffield walked, Matsui to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Cano and Matsui scored, Sheffield to third. Giambi homered to right, Sheffield and Rodriguez scored. Lawton struck out looking. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Small pitching for Yankees. Chavez singled to center. Hatteberg flied out to center. Payton walked, Chavez to second. Johnson flied out to left. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Kielty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Posada struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to second. Phillips at first base. Crosby flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Small pitching for Yankees. Swisher flied out to right. Scutaro popped out to second. Kendall singled to center. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Matsui struck out swinging. Sheffield struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Small pitching for Yankees. Chavez flied out to left. Hatteberg doubled to deep left. Payton flied out to center. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 7 - Athletics 0.	Yanks' Small hurls five-hit shutout vs. A's