Mariners - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Athletics. Suzuki doubled to right. Reed bunt popped out to pitcher. Ibanez doubled to left, Suzuki scored. Sexson flied out to left. Beltre intentionally walked. Dobbs singled to center, Ibanez scored, Beltre to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Ellis flied out to right. Kendall grounded out to second. Kotsay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Betancourt singled to center. Ojeda grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second. Suzuki flied out to right. Ojeda caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Reed batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Chavez popped out to shortstop. Payton singled to right. Hatteberg singled to left center, Payton to second. Johnson flied out to left. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hatteberg out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Athletics. Reed singled to center. Ibanez doubled to left, Reed scored. Sexson singled to right, Ibanez to third. Beltre grounded out to third, Ibanez scored, Sexson to second. Dobbs fouled out to third. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Lopez doubled to deep left, Sexson scored. Betancourt popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Watson flied out to left. Ellis singled to center. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ellis out at second. Kotsay lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Ojeda struck out swinging. Suzuki walked. Reed grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Chavez homered to center. Payton flied out to right. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Johnson singled to left. Scutaro struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Sexson homered to left. Beltre struck out looking. Dobbs grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Franklin pitching for Mariners. Watson flied out to left. Ellis singled to left. Kendall singled to right, Ellis to second. Kotsay doubled to deep right, Ellis scored, Kendall to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop, Kendall scored. Payton fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Cruz pitching for Athletics. Lopez struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to left. Rincon pitching for Athletics. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop, Betancourt to second. Suzuki intentionally walked. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Thornton pitching for Mariners. Hatteberg flied out to left. Johnson walked. Swisher hit for Watson. Scutaro struck out swinging. Swisher in right field. Swisher grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Ibanez struck out looking. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Beltre flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to center. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Kendall flied out to right. Kotsay struck out swinging. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Dobbs flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to third. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Payton singled to center. Hatteberg flied out to center. Putz pitching for Mariners. Melhuse hit for Scutaro. Johnson struck out looking. Ellis at shortstop. Ginter at second base. Street pitching for Athletics. Melhuse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Ojeda singled to center. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ojeda out at second. Reed doubled to deep left, Suzuki scored. Ibanez intentionally walked. Sexson singled to left, Reed to third, Ibanez to second. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sexson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Swisher singled to right. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Ellis walked, Swisher to second. Kendall singled to left, Swisher to third, Ellis to second. Kotsay doubled to left, Swisher and Ellis scored, Kendall to third. Chavez doubled to right, Kendall and Kotsay scored. Payton intentionally walked. Hatteberg bunt popped out to catcher. Nelson pitching for Mariners. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Chavez to third, Payton to second. Ginter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chavez out at home, Payton to third, Johnson to second. Swisher walked, Payton scored, Johnson to third, Ginter to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Athletics 8.	M's suffer collapse as A's storm back in ninth