Athletics - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Indians. Ellis flied out to right. Kendall grounded out to third. Kotsay walked. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Sizemore doubled to deep right. Crisp sacrificed to catcher, Sizemore to third. Peralta walked. Hafner grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Indians. Hatteberg grounded out to first. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Johnson safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta. Scutaro safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard, Johnson to second. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Martinez struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Broussard lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Indians. Ellis singled to center. Kendall grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. Kotsay singled to right. Kotsay stole second. Chavez doubled to deep center, Kotsay scored. Hatteberg flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Boone walked. Blake walked, Boone to second. Sizemore grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blake out at second, Boone to third. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Payton safe at first on error by first baseman Broussard. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Payton out at second. Scutaro popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Peralta struck out looking. Hafner grounded out to first. Martinez singled to shallow right center. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Swisher walked. Ellis singled to left, Swisher to second. Kendall out on batter's interference to catcher. Kendall batting. Kotsay grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellis out at second, Swisher to third. Swisher scored, Kotsay to second on passed ball by Martinez. Chavez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Broussard struck out looking. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Blake walked. Sizemore singled to center, Blake to second. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop. Payton lined out to center. Johnson singled to center. Scutaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner grounded out to third. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Swisher singled to right center. Ellis grounded into double play, second to first, Swisher out at second. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Belliard reached on infield single to third. Broussard homered to center, Belliard scored. Boone struck out swinging. Blake popped out to second. Sizemore hit by pitch. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Millwood pitching for Indians. Kotsay singled to left center. Chavez popped out to second. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Hatteberg grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kotsay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Peralta struck out swinging. Hafner singled to right. Gutierrez ran for Hafner. Martinez singled to right, Hafner to second. Belliard struck out swinging. Broussard homered to right, Gutierrez and Martinez scored. Wickman pitching for Indians. Boone struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Payton singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Payton out at second. Scutaro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 2 - Indians 5.	Broussard's two blasts lift Indians past Athletics