Athletics - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kendall grounded out to third. Swisher singled to right. Swisher to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Ellis grounded out to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Betancourt struck out swinging. Ibanez fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Johnson grounded out to second. Scutaro grounded out to third. Watson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Sexson fouled out to first. Beltre flied out to center. Morse grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Bocachica struck out looking. Bynum struck out looking. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Lopez singled to left. Bubela grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lopez out at second. Torrealba grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bubela out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Swisher struck out looking. Ellis singled to left. Chavez singled to right, Ellis to second. Ellis to third, Chavez to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellis scored, Chavez tagged out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Johnson. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second. Ibanez homered to right, Suzuki and Betancourt scored. Sexson singled to center. Beltre flied out to center. Sexson picked off first. Morse struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Scutaro reached on infield single to third, Scutaro to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Watson doubled to deep left center, Scutaro scored. Bocachica grounded out to third. Bynum struck out swinging. Kendall singled to left, Watson scored, Kendall to second advancing on throw. Swisher grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Lopez flied out to right. Bubela struck out swinging. Torrealba flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ellis grounded out to second. Chavez flied out to left. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to pitcher. Betancourt lined out to second. Ibanez grounded out to second, Suzuki to second. Sexson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Scutaro grounded out to second. Watson singled to right. Bocachica flied out to center. Bynum singled to right, Watson to second. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bynum out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Athletics. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Morse grounded out to shortstop. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Swisher singled to left. Ellis walked, Swisher to second. Chavez doubled to deep center, Swisher scored, Ellis to third. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Johnson singled to right, Ellis and Chavez scored. Scutaro hit ground rule double to deep right, Johnson to third. Watson singled to right, Johnson scored, Scutaro to third. Bocachica popped out to second. Atchison pitching for Mariners. Bynum doubled to deep right, Scutaro scored, Watson to third. Kendall grounded out to third. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Swisher struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Hansen hit for Torrealba. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Bubela flied out to center. Hansen struck out looking. Ojeda catching. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Kielty hit for Chavez. Atchison pitching for Mariners. Ellis struck out swinging. Kielty flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Betancourt struck out looking. Ibanez grounded out to pitcher. Sexson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Mariners 3.	Kennedy, A's win to close out disappointing season