Braves - Top 1st . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Bourn bunt grounded out to first . Prado flied out to right . Freeman doubled to left . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Delgado pitching for Braves . Schafer flied out to left . Altuve grounded out to third . Martinez homered to center ( 420 feet ) . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Uggla singled to shallow left . Uggla to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Heyward singled to center , Uggla scored . Heyward stole second . Ross struck out looking . Wilson lined out to left . Heyward to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez . Delgado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Delgado pitching for Braves . Buck struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Bourn struck out swinging . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Delgado pitching for Braves . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Schafer singled to center . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Jones singled to shallow center . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones safe at second on error by shortstop Gonzalez . Heyward singled to right , Jones to third , Uggla to second . Ross doubled to deep center , Jones and Uggla scored , Heyward to third . Wilson sacrificed to pitcher , Heyward scored , Ross to third . Delgado safe at first on error by pitcher Rodriguez . Bourn lined out to shortstop . Prado walked , Delgado to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Delgado pitching for Braves . Martinez walked . Lee struck out swinging . Buck struck out swinging . Johnson singled to left , Martinez to second . Castro walked , Martinez to third , Johnson to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Jones grounded out to second . Uggla flied out to left . Heyward flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Bixler hit for Rodriguez . Delgado pitching for Braves . Bixler struck out looking . Schafer reached on bunt single to pitcher . Schafer to second on wild pitch by Delgado . Altuve singled to shallow right , Schafer to third . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Schafer scored , Altuve to second . Altuve picked off second . Lee batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Ross fouled out to third . Wilson flied out to right . Francisco hit for Delgado . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Braves . Lee singled to shallow left . Buck grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . Johnson singled to left . Castro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Bourn lined out to center . Prado singled to left . Freeman singled to right , Prado to third , Freeman to second on throwing error by right fielder Buck . Jones struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Gonzalez singled to center . Maxwell hit for Cruz . Maxwell walked , Gonzalez to second . Schafer struck out swinging . Altuve singled to shallow center , Gonzalez to third , Maxwell to second . Martinez flied out to right . Lee walked , Gonzalez scored , Maxwell to third , Altuve to second . Downs hit for Buck . Downs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Rodriguez pitching for Astros . Maxwell in right field . Heyward homered to right ( 393 feet ) . Ross singled to center . Wilson lined into double play , center to first , Ross doubled off first . Hinske hit for O'Flaherty . Wright pitching for Astros . Hinske grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Venters pitching for Braves . Johnson safe at first on error by third baseman Jones . Snyder hit for Castro . Snyder struck out swinging . Gonzalez lined into double play , to first , Johnson doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Snyder catching . Wright pitching for Astros . Bourn grounded out to second . Prado walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Jones singled to center , Prado to third , Prado scored on throwing error by right fielder Maxwell . Lyon pitching for Astros . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 9th . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Maxwell struck out swinging . Schafer walked . Altuve struck out looking . Martinez singled to center , Schafer to third . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 6 - Astros 3 .	Heyward HR steers Braves to 2nd straight win