Astros - Top 1st . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Schafer reached on infield single to catcher . Altuve grounded out to third , Schafer to second . Lowrie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schafer out at third . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowrie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Fowler struck out swinging . Scutaro walked . Gonzalez singled to center , Scutaro to second . Tulowitzki hit into fielder 's choice to right , Gonzalez out at second , Scutaro to third . Tulowitzki stole second . Helton walked . Cuddyer homered to right ( 369 feet ) , Scutaro , Tulowitzki and Helton scored . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Martinez singled to center . Maxwell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . Johnson singled to right center , Maxwell to third . Snyder struck out looking . Harrell singled to right , Maxwell scored , Johnson to second . Schafer struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Pacheco grounded out to second . Friedrich struck out swinging . Fowler doubled to deep left center . Fowler to third on wild pitch by Harrell . Scutaro singled to center , Fowler scored . Scutaro stole second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Altuve singled to center . Lowrie walked , Altuve to second . Lee flied out to left . Martinez singled to right , Altuve to third , Lowrie to second . Maxwell singled to left , Altuve scored , Lowrie to third , Martinez to second . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left , Lowrie scored . Snyder doubled to deep left , Martinez and Maxwell scored . Harrell struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Tulowitzki doubled to left . Helton grounded out to shortstop , Tulowitzki to third . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . Rosario popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Schafer grounded out to shortstop . Altuve doubled to deep right . Lowrie flied out to right . Lee lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Pacheco grounded out to shortstop . Friedrich walked . Fowler flied out to center . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Martinez singled to left . Maxwell struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right center , Martinez to third . Snyder struck out swinging . Harrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Gonzalez homered to right center ( 436 feet ) . Tulowitzki grounded out to third . Helton singled to right . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Helton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Schafer popped out to shortstop . Altuve grounded out to first . Lowrie flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Rosario singled to right center , Rosario to second on error by right fielder Maxwell . Pacheco singled to center , Rosario scored . Young Jr. hit for Friedrich . Pacheco stole second . Young Jr. singled to left , Pacheco to third . Cruz pitching for Astros . Fowler homered to right ( 399 feet ) , Pacheco and Young Jr. scored . Scutaro singled to right . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Gonzalez homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Scutaro scored . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Helton struck out swinging . Cuddyer walked . Rosario grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Scutaro at shortstop . LeMahieu at second base . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Lee grounded out to second . Martinez fouled out to first . Maxwell hit by pitch . Johnson singled to center , Maxwell to third . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Carpenter pitching for Astros . Gonzalez at third base . Pacheco struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Schafer reached on infield single to shortstop . Altuve singled to left , Schafer to second . Lowrie flied out to left . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Carpenter pitching for Astros . Scutaro flied out to right . Gonzalez homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Colvin hit for Rogers . Colvin flied out to center . Helton grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Colvin at first base . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . Martinez grounded out to third . Maxwell singled to right . Bogusevic hit for Carpenter . Bogusevic lined out to shortstop . Maxwell to second on fielder 's indifference . Snyder walked . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snyder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rockies 13 .	Gonzalez 's 3 homers lift Rockies