Nationals - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Lombardozzi walked . Harper walked , Lombardozzi to second . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third , Lombardozzi tagged out at home , Harper to third . Harper scored , Zimmerman to second on balk by Galarraga . LaRoche struck out swinging . Morse struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Altuve hit ground rule double to deep center . Downs flied out to center . Pearce singled to left , Altuve to third . Maxwell singled to shallow center , Altuve scored , Pearce to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maxwell out at second , Pearce to third . Corporan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Werth flied out to left . Espinosa grounded out to second . Suzuki hit by pitch . Gonzalez homered to left ( 379 feet ) , Suzuki scored . Lombardozzi doubled to deep right . Harper grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Galarraga grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . LaRoche flied out to left . Morse singled to shallow center . Werth doubled to center , Morse to third . Espinosa walked . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Altuve struck out swinging . Downs singled to left . Pearce grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Downs out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lombardozzi flied out to left . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Maxwell struck out swinging . Martinez singled to center . Martinez to second on balk by Gonzalez . Martinez to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Corporan hit sacrifice fly to right , Martinez scored . Barnes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Zimmerman lined out to center . LaRoche walked . Morse grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez lined out to right . Galarraga struck out swinging . Altuve walked . Altuve stole second . Downs grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Galarraga pitching for Astros . Werth walked . Espinosa singled to right center , Werth to second . Suzuki walked , Werth to third , Espinosa to second . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth out at home , Espinosa to third , Suzuki to second . Lombardozzi fouled out to catcher . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Pearce flied out to right . Maxwell walked . Martinez flied out to right . Corporan lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Fick pitching for Astros . Francisco in left field . Zimmerman doubled to left . Zimmerman to third on wild pitch by Fick . LaRoche grounded out to second . Morse grounded out to pitcher . Werth safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Downs , Zimmerman scored . Espinosa intentionally walked . Suzuki popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Barnes grounded out to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Fick pitching for Astros . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Lombardozzi grounded out to first . Harper walked . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Altuve grounded out to second . Downs fouled out to first . Pearce hit by pitch . Maxwell reached on infield single to third , Pearce to second . Snyder hit for Fick . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Cruz pitching for Astros . LaRoche flied out to center . Morse grounded out to shortstop . Werth grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Bernadina in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Nationals . Corporan grounded out to shortstop . Barnes singled to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Barnes to second . Francisco singled to left , Barnes scored . Bogusevic ran for Francisco . Altuve singled to center , Bogusevic to third , Altuve to second advancing on throw . Downs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Astros 3 .	Nats ' Gonzalez throws complete game , hits HR