Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Astros . Parra flied out to right . Hill lined out to left . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve walked . Greene popped out to first . Pearce grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Altuve out at second . Maxwell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Montero doubled to deep left . Young doubled to deep left center , Montero scored . Drew flied out to left . Wheeler grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Wallace singled to center . Barnes grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wallace out at second . Snyder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Astros . Corbin struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . Hill safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Wallace . Upton singled to shallow center , Hill to second . Goldschmidt walked , Hill to third , Upton to second . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Lyles struck out looking . Altuve hit ground rule double to deep right . Greene singled to right , Altuve scored . Pearce flied out to center . Maxwell grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Young singled to center . Drew flied out to center , Young to second . Wheeler flied out to center . Corbin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco grounded out to shortstop . Wallace singled to shallow left center . Barnes struck out swinging . Snyder homered to left ( 403 feet ) , Wallace scored . Lyles grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lyles pitching for Astros . Parra doubled to deep left . Parra to third on wild pitch by Lyles . Hill walked . Upton singled to shallow right , Parra scored , Hill to second . Goldschmidt singled to left , Hill scored , Goldschmidt to second , Upton to second , Upton to third advancing on throw . Montero walked . Young singled to left , Upton scored , Goldschmidt to third , Montero to second . Cedeno pitching for Astros . Drew walked , Goldschmidt scored , Montero to third , Young to second . Wheeler grounded into fielder 's choice to center , Montero and Young scored on error by second baseman Altuve , Drew safe at third on error by second baseman Altuve . Corbin struck out swinging . Parra struck out swinging . Fick pitching for Astros . Hill homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Drew and Wheeler scored . Upton popped out to first . 9 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 5th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Altuve grounded out to third . Greene homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Pearce singled to left , Pearce out stretching at second . Maxwell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Fick pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero walked . Young flied out to left . Montero to second on balk by Fick . Drew grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco flied out to right . Wallace struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Fick pitching for Astros . Wheeler homered to left ( 350 feet ) . Corbin fouled out to left . Parra grounded out to pitcher . Hill singled to center . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Corbin pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder lined out to center . Martinez hit for Fick . Martinez grounded out to first . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Moore at second base . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to shortstop . Young homered to left ( 389 feet ) . Drew struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bergesen pitching for Diamondbacks . Nieves catching . Greene flied out to right . Pearce flied out to center . Maxwell flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Cruz pitching for Astros . Wheeler walked . Nieves struck out swinging . Parra hit ground rule double to deep center , Wheeler to third . Elmore hit for Hill . Elmore walked . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Elmore out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Elmore at second base . Zagurski pitching for Diamondbacks . Francisco struck out looking . Wallace flied out to center . Barnes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Astros 4 .	D - backs use nine - run fifth to rout lowly Astros