White Sox - Top 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Padres . Eaton grounded out to third . Saladino grounded out to third . Abreu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jay fouled out to left . Spangenberg reached on infield single to shortstop . Kemp singled to left center , Spangenberg to third . Myers reached on infield single to third , Spangenberg scored , Kemp to second . Solarte lined into double play , shortstop to second , Kemp doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Padres . Frazier struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . García singled to center . Lawrie lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Ramírez struck out looking . Blash lined out to third . Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pomeranz pitching for Padres . Shuck reached on infield single to first . Navarro safe at first on error by third baseman Solarte , Shuck to second . Eaton struck out swinging . Saladino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Pomeranz singled to center . Jay grounded out to third , Pomeranz to second . Spangenberg singled to right , Pomeranz scored , Spangenberg to second advancing on throw . Kemp flied out to left , Spangenberg to third . Myers lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Jankowski in center field . Amarista at second base . Pirela in right field . Wallace at first base . Pomeranz pitching for Padres . Abreu walked . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Abreu out at second . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Sands in left field . Danks pitching for White Sox . Solarte flied out to center . Ramírez singled to center . Guerra ran for Ramírez . Blash flied out to center . Bethancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Rosales at third base . Guerra at shortstop . Martin pitching for Padres . García homered to center . Lawrie flied out to center . Shuck flied out to right . Navarro walked . May hit for Eaton . May singled to right , Navarro to second . Saladino flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Saladino at second base . Ishikawa at first base . Michalczewski at third base . Anderson at shortstop . Danks pitching for White Sox . Rosales grounded out to third . Jankowski struck out looking . Amarista grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Padres . Ishikawa walked . Michalczewski doubled to deep right , Ishikawa to third . Sands grounded out to third , Ishikawa scored . García safe at first on error by shortstop Guerra , Michalczewski to third . Anderson singled to left , Michalczewski scored , García to second . Shuck popped out to second . García to third , Anderson to second on wild pitch by Guthrie . Navarro grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Pirela safe at first on error by first baseman Ishikawa . Wallace grounded out to third , Pirela to second . Guthrie grounded out to shortstop , Pirela to third . Guerra grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Padres . May bunt grounded out to pitcher . Saladino walked . Saladino caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ishikawa popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Sánchez catching . Albers pitching for White Sox . Blash struck out swinging . Bethancourt struck out looking . Rosales grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Weeks in left field . Hedges catching . Guthrie pitching for Padres . Michalczewski lined out to center . Sands struck out swinging . García grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Jankowski grounded out to shortstop . Amarista singled to shallow right . Amarista to second on wild pitch by Jennings . Pirela grounded out to third . Wallace walked . Guthrie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Guthrie pitching for Padres . Anderson singled to left . Shuck singled to right , Anderson to third . Sánchez hit ground rule double to deep right , Anderson scored , Shuck to third . May singled to center , Shuck scored , Sánchez to third , May to second advancing on throw . Saladino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sánchez out at home . Ishikawa doubled to deep left , May and Saladino scored . Blueberg pitching for Padres . Michalczewski doubled to deep left , Ishikawa scored . Sands singled to left , Michalczewski to third . García singled to center , Michalczewski scored , Sands to third . Anderson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sands scored , García out at second . Shuck flied out to center . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . Clark pitching for White Sox . Guerra struck out swinging . Weeks doubled to deep center . Hedges reached on infield single to shortstop . Rosales struck out swinging . Jankowski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 10 - Padres 2 .	Pomeranz pitches well in Padres ' 10 - 2 loss to White Sox