White Sox - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Eaton singled to left . Rollins singled to center , Eaton out at third , Rollins to second . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop . Frazier grounded out to second , Rollins scored , Abreu to third . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Rodon pitching for White Sox . DeShields singled to left . Odor singled to center , DeShields to third . Beltré singled to shallow left center , DeShields scored , Odor to second . Desmond grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Beltré out at second , Odor to third . Fielder walked . Rua singled to center , Odor scored , Fielder to second . Andrus flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Lawrie struck out swinging . García struck out swinging . Navarro popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Holaday singled to left . Stubbs lined out to right . DeShields struck out looking . Odor reached on bunt single to third , Holaday to second . Beltré flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Jackson flied out to left . Eaton singled to left . Rollins singled to center , Eaton to third . Abreu walked , Rollins to second . Frazier singled to right , Eaton and Rollins scored , Abreu to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Abreu scored , Frazier to third . Lawrie doubled to shallow center , Frazier scored , Cabrera to third . Ranaudo pitching for Rangers . García grounded out to shortstop . Navarro flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Desmond struck out looking . Fielder grounded out to third . Rua singled to center . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop , Rua to second . Holaday homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Rua and Andrus scored . Stubbs struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ranaudo pitching for Rangers . Jackson flied out to right . Eaton walked . Rollins walked , Eaton to second . Abreu flied out to right , Eaton to third . Frazier walked , Rollins to second . Cabrera walked , Eaton scored , Rollins to third , Frazier to second . Lawrie walked , Rollins scored , Frazier to third , Cabrera to second . Claudio pitching for Rangers . García doubled to deep left , Frazier , Cabrera and Lawrie scored . Navarro grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . DeShields flied out to center . Odor doubled to deep center . Beltré walked . Desmond lined into double play , second to shortstop , Odor doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Jackson singled to right . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jackson out at second . Rollins flied out to left . Abreu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Fielder struck out swinging . Rua struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Frazier walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lawrie popped out to second . García grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Holaday struck out swinging . Stubbs singled to center . DeShields popped out to second . Stubbs stole second . Odor fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Navarro grounded out to third . Jackson lined out to center . Eaton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rodon pitching for White Sox . Beltré fouled out to first . Desmond homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Fielder struck out swinging . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Rua struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Rollins tripled to deep right . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Frazier flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Lawrie singled to left , Cabrera to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lawrie out at second . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Carroll pitching for White Sox . Andrus singled to left . Holaday doubled to left , Andrus to third . Mazara hit for Stubbs . Mazara walked . Moreland hit for DeShields . Duke pitching for White Sox . Moreland singled to center , Andrus scored , Holaday to third , Mazara to second . Odor struck out swinging . Albers pitching for White Sox . Beltré hit sacrifice fly to right , Holaday scored . Desmond tripled to deep center , Mazara and Moreland scored . Fielder walked . Alberto ran for Fielder . Rua homered to center ( 447 feet ) , Desmond and Alberto scored . Andrus fouled out to third . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Moreland at first base . Desmond in center field . Rua in left field . Mazara in right field . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Jackson flied out to center . Eaton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Rangers 13 .	Rua 's homer caps 7 - run rally , Rangers beat White Sox 13 - 11