Braves - Top 1st . Quintana pitching for White Sox . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Beckham homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Freeman grounded out to second . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Teheran pitching for Braves . Anderson singled to left . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second . Abreu grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . García flied out to right . Flowers grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Cabrera singled to right . Frazier homered to center ( 407 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Lawrie singled to left . Pierzynski catching . Navarro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lawrie out at second . García struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Aybar struck out swinging . Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop . d'Arnaud lined into double play , to first , Inciarte doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Teheran pitching for Braves . Shuck singled to center . Anderson singled to center , Shuck to second . Eaton popped out to third . Shuck to third , Anderson to second on balk by Teherán . Abreu singled to center , Shuck scored , Anderson to third . Cabrera singled to right , Anderson scored , Abreu to third . Frazier doubled to deep right , Abreu scored , Cabrera to third . Lawrie grounded out to pitcher . Navarro grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Beckham walked . Freeman struck out swinging . Markakis lined out to left . Francoeur homered to left ( 386 feet ) , Beckham scored . García lined out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Teheran pitching for Braves . García grounded out to shortstop . Shuck popped out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . Pierzynski grounded out to third . Aybar grounded out to pitcher . Inciarte lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Eaton walked . Abreu flied out to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , to first , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Quintana pitching for White Sox . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Beckham flied out to right . Freeman homered to left ( 342 feet ) . Markakis singled to right . Francoeur grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Teheran pitching for Braves . Frazier struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . Navarro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Duke pitching for White Sox . García grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Aybar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . García safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar . Shuck reached on bunt single to third , García to second , García to third , Shuck to second on throwing error by third baseman García . Anderson grounded out to third . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , García out at home , Shuck to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Duke pitching for White Sox . Inciarte grounded out to second . Albers pitching for White Sox . d'Arnaud doubled to left . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Freeman intentionally walked . Jones pitching for White Sox . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Krol pitching for Braves . Cabrera flied out to left . Frazier grounded out to second . Lawrie reached on infield single to shortstop . Navarro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Francoeur struck out swinging . García reached on infield single to pitcher . Pierzynski singled to right , García to second . Peterson ran for García . Peterson to third , Pierzynski to second on wild pitch by Jones . Aybar struck out swinging . Inciarte intentionally walked . d'Arnaud grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - White Sox 5 .	Frazier homers , White Sox nip Braves 5 - 4