Tigers - Top 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Kinsler singled to center . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kinsler out at second . Cabrera singled to left , Maybin to second . Martínez flied out to center , Maybin to third . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Eaton singled to left . Anderson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Eaton out at second . Cabrera singled to center . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Upton grounded out to third . Saltalamacchia struck out looking . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Morneau reached on infield single to pitcher . Frazier reached on infield single to second , Morneau to second . Lawrie popped out to pitcher . Shuck popped out to shortstop . Navarro lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Iglesias singled to right center . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop , Iglesias to second . Maybin grounded out to third , Iglesias to third , Kinsler to second . Cabrera lined out to second . Martínez intentionally walked . Castellanos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Eaton doubled to deep center . Anderson singled to right , Eaton scored . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . Abreu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Saladino at second base . Shields pitching for White Sox . Upton struck out looking . Saltalamacchia flied out to center . Aviles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Morneau grounded out to second . Frazier fouled out to third . Saladino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Iglesias flied out to center . Kinsler homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Maybin flied out to right . Cabrera homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Martínez singled to left center . Castellanos flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Shuck grounded out to second . Navarro struck out swinging . Eaton reached on infield single to third . Anderson fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Upton lined out to left . Saltalamacchia lined out to first . Aviles lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Pelfrey pitching for Tigers . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to shallow right . Morneau walked , Abreu to second . Greene pitching for Tigers . Frazier struck out swinging . Saladino hit by pitch , Abreu to third , Morneau to second . Shuck grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Iglesias struck out swinging . Kinsler lined out to center . Maybin lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - White Sox 1 .	Kinsler , Cabrera homer as Tigers beat White Sox 2 - 1