Orioles - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Jones singled to right . Kim grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Jones out at second . Machado singled to shallow center . Davis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Eaton flied out to left . Saladino singled to left . Saladino stole second . Saladino safe at third on throwing error by catcher Wieters . Cabrera lined out to second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Álvarez homered to center ( 415 feet ) . Wieters grounded out to second . Schoop grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Morneau reached on infield single to third . Frazier struck out looking . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Hardy singled to center . Jones singled to left , Hardy to second . Kim grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at second , Hardy to third . Machado doubled to deep right , Hardy and Kim scored . Davis struck out looking . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop , Machado scored on throwing error by shortstop Saladino . Álvarez flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Navarro bunt grounded out to catcher . Sánchez safe at first on error by first baseman Davis . Sánchez caught stealing second , Sánchez safe at second on error by Davis . Eaton flied out to left . Saladino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Wieters lined out to center . Schoop lined out to left . Hardy singled to center . Jones singled to shallow right , Hardy to third . Kim lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Cabrera lined out to second . Abreu homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Morneau struck out swinging . Frazier singled to right . García doubled to left , Frazier scored . Navarro walked . Sánchez lined out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Machado popped out to second . Davis flied out to center . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Eaton grounded out to second . Saladino singled to center . Cabrera lined out to third . Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop , Saladino to second . Morneau struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Álvarez grounded out to first . Wieters singled to center . Schoop flied out to center . Hardy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Gallardo pitching for Orioles . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . García grounded out to shortstop . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Jones grounded out to second . Kim struck out swinging . Machado reached on infield single to second . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Sánchez walked . Eaton flied out to left . Saladino struck out looking . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Kahnle pitching for White Sox . Trumbo flied out to right . Álvarez homered to right ( 451 feet ) . Wieters singled to center . Schoop doubled to deep left , Wieters to third . Hardy singled to center , Wieters scored , Schoop to third . Ynoa pitching for White Sox . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Schoop scored . Kim singled to center , Hardy to second . Machado flied out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Reimold in right field . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Abreu singled to left center . Morneau walked , Abreu to second . Frazier walked , Abreu to third , Morneau to second . García grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Abreu scored , Frazier out at second , Morneau to third , Morneau scored on throwing error by second baseman Schoop . Navarro singled to center , García to second . Ondrusek pitching for Orioles . Sánchez doubled to deep right , García scored , Navarro to third . Eaton grounded into double play , first to third , Navarro out at third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Turner pitching for White Sox . Davis struck out swinging . Reimold struck out looking . Álvarez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Britton pitching for Orioles . Saladino struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . Abreu struck out swinging , Abreu safe at first on wild pitch by Britton . Abreu to second on wild pitch by Britton . Morneau grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 7 - White Sox 5 .	Alvarez , Machado lead Orioles past White Sox , 7 - 5