White Sox - Top 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Eaton walked . Saladino sacrificed to pitcher , Eaton to second . Cabrera struck out looking . Abreu doubled to deep right , Eaton scored . Frazier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to second . Prado popped out to second . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Anderson doubled to left . Coats popped out to second . Navarro singled to center , Anderson scored . Shields flied out to center . Eaton walked , Navarro to second . Saladino doubled to deep left , Navarro and Eaton scored . Cabrera grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Stanton homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto grounded out to second . Dietrich tripled to deep right center . Hechavarría lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Frazier walked . Anderson grounded into double play , third to second to first , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Conley singled to center . Gordon reached on infield single to first , Conley to second . Prado homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Conley and Gordon scored . Yelich doubled to deep center . Stanton grounded out to second , Yelich to third . Ozuna grounded out to third . Realmuto singled to center , Yelich scored . Realmuto stole second . Dietrich walked . Hechavarría lined out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Coats homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Navarro flied out to right . Shields struck out looking . Eaton walked . Saladino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Conley singled to left . Gordon singled to right , Conley to second . Prado singled to center , Conley to third , Gordon to second . Albers pitching for White Sox . Yelich struck out swinging . Stanton singled to center , Conley and Gordon scored , Prado to second . Ozuna grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stanton out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to first . Abreu flied out to center . Frazier grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Albers pitching for White Sox . Realmuto doubled to center . Dietrich hit by pitch . Hechavarría grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dietrich out at second , Realmuto to third . McGowan grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Anderson singled to left . Coats grounded out to shortstop , Anderson to second . Navarro singled to left , Anderson to third . Sánchez hit for Albers . Sánchez walked , Navarro to second . Eaton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Anderson scored , Navarro to third , Sánchez to second . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Saladino grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Eaton out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for White Sox . Gordon struck out swinging . Prado struck out looking . Yelich singled to right . Beck pitching for White Sox . Stanton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Rojas at first base . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Abreu grounded out to shortstop . Frazier singled to center . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Ozuna flied out to left . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Coats singled to left . Coats to second on wild pitch by Barraclough . Navarro walked . Morneau hit for Beck . Morneau doubled to deep right , Coats scored , Navarro to third . Eaton lined out to right . Saladino popped out to second . Cabrera struck out swinging , Cabrera safe at first on wild pitch by Barraclough , Navarro scored , Morneau to third . Abreu struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Hechavarría struck out swinging . Suzuki hit for Barraclough . Suzuki flied out to center . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . Frazier grounded out to third . Anderson walked . Coats hit by pitch , Anderson to second . Anderson stole third , Coats stole second . Navarro struck out swinging . Shuck hit for Jones . Shuck grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Eaton in right field . Robertson pitching for White Sox . Shuck in center field . Prado lined out to shortstop . Yelich struck out swinging . Stanton singled to right , Stanton out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Marlins 7 .	White Sox score in 8th on strikeout to beat Marlins 8 - 7