Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Lewis struck out looking. Hill walked. Lind grounded out to first, Hill to second. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Scutaro walked. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Scutaro to third. Martinez singled to center, Scutaro and Pedroia scored. Youkilis struck out looking. Ortiz struck out swinging. Beltre struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Overbay walked. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Overbay to third. Bautista walked. Buck hit ground rule double to left, Overbay and Gonzalez scored, Bautista to third. Snider singled to right, Bautista scored, Buck to third. Lewis singled to right, Buck scored, Snider to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lewis out at second, Snider to third. Lind lined out to shortstop. Wells popped out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Morrow pitching for Blue Jays. Hermida walked. McDonald struck out swinging. Van Every walked, Hermida to second. Scutaro walked, Hermida to third, Van Every to second. Pedroia walked, Hermida scored, Van Every to third, Scutaro to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Van Every scored, Pedroia out at second, Scutaro to third, Scutaro scored, Martinez to second on throwing error by second baseman Hill. Youkilis walked. Ortiz singled to right, Martinez scored, Youkilis to third. Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays. Beltre walked, Ortiz to second. Hermida grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald grounded out to second. Van Every singled to center. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Van Every safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Pedroia singled to center, Van Every scored, Scutaro to second. Martinez fouled out to third. Youkilis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Buck singled to center. Snider grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Buck out at second. Lewis singled to center. Hill safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro, Lewis to second. Lind grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz flied out to left. Beltre struck out looking. Hermida singled to right. McDonald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Wells flied out to right. Overbay flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to left. Bautista homered to left (409 feet), Gonzalez scored. Buck struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Van Every grounded out to first. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Snider grounded out to second. Lewis grounded out to second. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez grounded out to third. Youkilis reached on infield single to third. Ortiz struck out looking. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Wells grounded out to third. Overbay grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Hermida flied out to center. McDonald bunt grounded out to pitcher. Van Every struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Bautista walked. Buck fouled out to right. Snider grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Scutaro singled to left. Pedroia flied out to right. Martinez lined out to shortstop. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Lewis struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Lind grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox top Jays