Rangers - Top 1st. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus singled to center. Young singled to left, Andrus to second. Hamilton singled to center, Andrus to third, Young to second. Guerrero singled to left, Andrus and Young scored, Hamilton to second. Kinsler bunt grounded out to pitcher, Hamilton to third, Guerrero to second. Cruz hit sacrifice fly to right, Hamilton scored, Guerrero to third. Smoak flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Harden pitching for Rangers. Lewis walked. Hill walked, Lewis to second. Lind walked, Lewis to third, Hill to second. Wells grounded out to second, Lewis scored, Hill to third, Lind to second. Overbay doubled to deep left, Hill and Lind scored. Gonzalez flied out to right. Bautista walked. Buck walked, Overbay to third, Bautista to second. Snider struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez homered to left center (451). Gentry flied out to center. Andrus singled to center. Young walked, Andrus to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Guerrero singled to right, Andrus scored, Young to third. Kinsler walked, Guerrero to second. Cruz doubled to deep center, Young, Guerrero and Kinsler scored. Smoak struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Harden pitching for Rangers. Lewis struck out looking. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez walked. Gentry walked, Ramirez to second. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gentry out at second, Ramirez to third. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Ramirez scored, Young to second on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Hamilton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Harden pitching for Rangers. Wells fouled out to first. Overbay homered to right (365). Gonzalez flied out to center. Bautista singled to center. Buck walked, Bautista to second. Snider homered to right (437), Bautista and Buck scored. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Lewis singled to center. Hill walked, Lewis to second. Lind reached on infield single to first, Lewis scored, Hill to second. Wells homered to left (422), Hill and Lind scored. Overbay walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Roenicke pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero hit by pitch. Kinsler walked, Guerrero to second. Cruz struck out swinging. Smoak walked, Guerrero to third, Kinsler to second. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to right, Guerrero scored, Kinsler to third. Murphy hit for Gentry. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to first, Smoak out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hamilton in center field. Murphy in left field. Mathis pitching for Rangers. Bautista lined out to left. Buck singled to left. Snider grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buck out at second. Lewis doubled to left, Snider to third. Hill homered to left (406), Snider and Lewis scored. Lind homered to center (449). Wells grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus grounded out to second. Young flied out to right. Hamilton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Overbay reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Overbay out at second. Bautista popped out to third. Buck lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out swinging. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Snider singled to right. Lewis flied out to left. Snider stole second. Hill grounded out to second, Snider to third. Lind lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Smoak fouled out to catcher. Ramirez singled to left. Lewis pitching for Blue Jays. Murphy walked, Ramirez to second. Andrus walked, Ramirez to third, Murphy to second. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at home, Murphy to third, Andrus to second. Hamilton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Wells grounded out to second. Overbay walked. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center, Overbay scored. Bautista singled to center, Gonzalez thrown out at home, Bautista to second advancing on throw. Buck struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. McCoy in right field. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Guerrero singled to center. Kinsler struck out swinging. Cruz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guerrero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Borbon in center field. Ray pitching for Rangers. McCoy flied out to left. Lewis struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Smoak grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to third. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 10 - Blue Jays 16.	Jays use MLB-leading power to KO Rangers