Blue Jays - Top 1st. Davies pitching for Royals. Lewis singled to right. Escobar reached on bunt single to pitcher, Lewis to second. Bautista grounded into double play, second to first, Escobar out at second, Lewis to third. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik bunt grounded out to second. Kendall flied out to center. DeJesus reached on infield single to first. Butler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Davies pitching for Royals. Lind grounded out to second. Hill flied out to left. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Guillen singled to center. Callaspo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. Aviles reached on infield single to second. Bloomquist walked, Aviles to second. Betancourt singled to right center, Aviles scored, Bloomquist to third. Podsednik grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Davies pitching for Royals. Buck flied out to left. Encarnacion doubled to left center. Lewis popped out to shortstop. Escobar homered to left (393 feet), Encarnacion scored. Bautista flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Kendall grounded out to second. DeJesus flied out to center. Butler walked. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Davies pitching for Royals. Wells singled to left. Lind singled to right, Wells to second. Hill grounded out to first, Wells to third, Lind to second. Overbay flied out to center, Lind thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Callaspo safe at third on error by right fielder Bautista. Aviles fouled out to first. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Davies pitching for Royals. Buck grounded out to shortstop. Encarnacion flied out to right. Lewis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik lined out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to third. DeJesus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Davies pitching for Royals. Escobar grounded out to third. Bautista singled to center. Wells flied out to right. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Butler grounded out to second. Guillen singled to left center. Callaspo lined into double play, to first, Guillen doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Davies pitching for Royals. Hill singled to center. Overbay singled to left, Hill to second. Buck singled to center, Hill scored, Overbay to third. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lewis flied out to center. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buck out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles walked. Bloomquist doubled to left, Aviles to third. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop, Aviles scored. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik grounded out to third, Bloomquist to third. Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop, Bloomquist scored. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Bautista fouled out to third. Wells popped out to second. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Butler struck out looking. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Callaspo grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Hill hit by pitch. Overbay singled to left, Hill to second. Buck popped out to second. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Overbay out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles grounded out to first. Bloomquist popped out to first. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 10th. Farnsworth pitching for Royals. Lewis singled to center. Escobar hit by pitch, Lewis to second. Bautista singled to right, Lewis scored, Escobar to third. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at home, Bautista to second. Lind struck out swinging. Hill flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 10th. Gregg pitching for Blue Jays. Podsednik tripled to deep right center. Kendall hit sacrifice fly to center, Podsednik scored. DeJesus grounded out to pitcher. Butler singled to center. Getz ran for Butler. Guillen walked, Getz to second. Callaspo singled to center, Getz scored, Guillen to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Royals 5.	Royals end 6-game skid with walk-off win in 10