Blue Jays - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Lewis flied out to center. Escobar struck out swinging. Bautista fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp walked. Crisp stole second. Barton walked. Jackson walked, Crisp to third, Barton to second. Suzuki grounded out to third, Crisp scored, Barton to third, Jackson to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barton scored, Jackson out at third. Ellis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Wells doubled to deep right center. Lind grounded out to second, Wells to third. Hill grounded out to third. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Davis lined out to left. Tolleson grounded out to second. Pennington walked. Crisp doubled to deep left center, Pennington scored. Barton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Arencibia flied out to right. Lewis fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to center. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded out to third. Bautista walked. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. Lind grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Ellis grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Tolleson singled to right center. Pennington grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hill flied out to right. Overbay walked. Encarnacion walked, Overbay to second. Arencibia struck out swinging. Lewis reached on infield single to catcher, Overbay scored, Encarnacion to third. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Crisp doubled to left. Barton singled to center, Crisp tagged out at third, Barton to second advancing on throw. Jackson walked. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Bautista struck out swinging. Wells struck out swinging. Lind walked. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Overbay flied out to left. Encarnacion struck out looking. Arencibia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Tolleson lined out to center. Pennington fouled out to first. Crisp homered to left (369 feet). Barton lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Lewis walked. Escobar struck out swinging. Bautista struck out looking. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out looking. Suzuki singled to center. Kouzmanoff lined out to center. Ellis reached on infield single to second, Suzuki to second. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Lind doubled to deep right. Hill lined out to center. Overbay walked. Encarnacion walked, Lind to third, Overbay to second. Wise ran for Encarnacion. Arencibia singled to right, Lind scored, Overbay to third, Wise to second. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Snider ran for Arencibia. Lewis singled to center, Overbay and Wise scored, Snider to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Escobar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lewis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Molina catching. Bautista at third base. Wise in right field. Snider in left field. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Tolleson singled to left. Tolleson to second on passed ball by Molina. Pennington singled to right, Tolleson scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Athletics 5.	A's blow late three-run lead but beat Blue Jays