Blue Jays - Top 1st. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Wise flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to third. Bautista homered to left center (425 feet). Wells safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton. Overbay doubled to left, Wells thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts singled to left. Markakis singled to left, Roberts to second. Roberts stole third. Markakis stole second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Scott grounded out to second, Roberts scored, Markakis to third. Pie struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Hill flied out to right. Lind flied out to center. Buck grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Jones struck out looking. Wieters struck out swinging. Patterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Snider flied out to left. Wise grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Izturis walked. Roberts doubled to deep right, Izturis thrown out at home. Markakis walked. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Markakis out at second, Roberts to third. Scott grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Bautista struck out swinging. Wells reached on infield single to third. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wells out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pie singled to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop, Pie to second. Pie to third on passed ball by Buck. Wieters walked. Patterson singled to right, Pie scored, Wieters to second. Izturis singled to center, Wieters to third, Patterson to second. Roberts grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Wieters scored, Izturis out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Hill flied out to left. Lind grounded out to shortstop. Buck flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to left. Wigginton singled to deep left, Wigginton out stretching at second. Scott singled to right. Pie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Snider singled to left. Wise singled to right, Snider to second. Escobar grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Wise out at second, Snider to third. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Jones flied out to center. Wieters singled to left. Patterson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wieters out at second. Patterson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Izturis batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Wells fouled out to catcher. Overbay lined out to shortstop. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Izturis grounded out to first. Roberts flied out to left. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Lind grounded out to pitcher. Buck flied out to center. Snider grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Wigginton singled to center. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. Pie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wigginton at first base. Bell at third base. Bergesen pitching for Orioles. Wise grounded out to second. Escobar struck out looking. Bautista singled to left. Wells singled to left center, Bautista to second. Overbay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Orioles 3.	O's sweep Blue Jays despite Bautista's 47th HR