Rangers - Top 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Martín doubled to right. Andrus grounded out to shortstop, Martín to third. Fielder hit ground rule double to deep center, Martín scored. Beltré grounded out to second, Fielder to third. Choo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pollock lined out to right. Owings grounded out to second. Goldschmidt singled to center. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Chirinos grounded out to third. Peguero grounded out to shortstop. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Tomás singled to right. Gosewisch singled to right, Tomás to third. Ahmed grounded out to third, Tomás scored, Gosewisch to second. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gosewisch out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez flied out to center. Martín struck out swinging. Andrus safe at second on error by third baseman Tomás. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pollock grounded out to shortstop. Owings grounded out to second. Goldschmidt walked. Trumbo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltré singled to right. Choo struck out swinging, Beltré stole second. Chirinos lined out to right. Peguero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Peralta lined out to center. Tomás grounded out to shortstop. Gosewisch grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Odor popped out to shortstop. Martinez struck out swinging. Martín fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Ahmed struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to second. Pollock popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Andrus fouled out to first. Fielder grounded out to third. Beltré flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Owings grounded out to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Trumbo singled to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to first, Trumbo safe at second on error by second baseman Odor. Tomás reached on infield single to shortstop, Trumbo to third, Peralta to second. Pennington ran for Tomás. Gosewisch grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Pennington at third base. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Choo grounded out to second. Chirinos flied out to center. Peguero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Ahmed lined out to third. Dorn hit for Anderson. Dorn walked. Pollock struck out swinging. Owings singled to center, Dorn to third. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Smolinski in left field. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Odor grounded out to second. Smolinski safe at first on error by third baseman Pennington. Martín walked, Smolinski to second. Andrus singled to left, Smolinski scored, Martín to second. Martín stole third, Andrus stole second. Martín scored, Andrus safe at third on throwing error by catcher Gosewisch. Fielder homered to right (394 feet), Andrus scored. Beltré lined out to center. Choo flied out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Trumbo struck out swinging. Peralta grounded out to second. Pennington struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks. Chirinos lined out to third. Moreland hit for Tolleson. Moreland doubled to center. Odor grounded out to first, Moreland to third. Smolinski walked. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Smolinski stole second. Martín singled to right, Moreland and Smolinski scored. Andrus singled to right, Martín to third. Fielder popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Moreland at first base. Gosewisch grounded out to third. Ahmed safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré. Inciarte hit for Pérez. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed out at second. Pollock singled to center, Inciarte to second. Owings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Rangers 7 - Diamondbacks 1.	Fielder has HR, 3 RBIs to lift Rangers past D-backs, 7-1