Indians - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Kipnis reached on infield single to second. Santana fouled out to catcher. Brantley doubled to left, Kipnis to third. Murphy hit sacrifice fly to right, Kipnis scored, Brantley to third. Moss singled to center, Brantley scored. Chisenhall singled to right, Moss to third. Bourn doubled to right, Moss scored, Chisenhall to third. Pérez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Choo tripled to deep right. DeShields safe at first on error by pitcher Salazar, Choo scored. Fielder singled to right, DeShields to third. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, DeShields scored. Moreland grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fielder out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ramírez singled to left. Ramírez stole second. Kipnis grounded out to second, Ramírez to third. Santana hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramírez scored. Brantley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Andrus grounded out to third. Martín grounded out to third. Field homered to left (415 feet). Chirinos struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Murphy safe at first on error by first baseman Moreland. Moss singled to right, Murphy to third. Chisenhall grounded into fielder's choice to second, Murphy scored, Moss out at second. Bourn struck out looking. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Chisenhall out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Choo homered to right (418 feet). DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Fielder flied out to center. Beltré reached on infield single to shortstop. Moreland flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ramírez walked. Ramírez stole second. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop, Ramírez to third. Santana walked. Brantley hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramírez scored. Murphy struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Andrus walked. Martín fouled out to shortstop. Field struck out swinging. Chirinos doubled to left, Andrus to third. Choo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Moss struck out looking. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Bourn walked. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. DeShields struck out swinging. Fielder struck out swinging. Beltré singled to center. Moreland doubled to deep left center, Beltré scored. Andrus singled to center, Moreland scored. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Andrus stole second, Andrus scored on throwing error by catcher Pérez. Martín grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Kipnis struck out swinging. Santana grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Field walked. Chirinos singled to left center, Field to second. Choo grounded out to first, Field to third, Chirinos to second. Adams pitching for Indians. DeShields walked. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to first, DeShields out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Brantley grounded out to first. Murphy singled to center. Moss struck out swinging. Chisenhall singled to left, Murphy to second. Bourn singled to right, Murphy scored, Chisenhall to third. Swisher hit for Pérez. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Swisher struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hayes catching. Adams pitching for Indians. Beltré flied out to center. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Moreland flied out to right. Andrus singled to right. Andrus caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second to catcher. Martín batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Ramírez safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Field, Ramírez advanced to first on Field throwing error, Ramírez out at second in rundown. Kipnis doubled to deep right. Santana struck out looking. Brantley intentionally walked. Murphy reached on infield single to third, Kipnis to third, Brantley to second. Moss lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Martín struck out looking. Atchison pitching for Indians. Field grounded out to second. Chirinos homered to left (411 feet). Choo reached on bunt single to third. DeShields grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Peguero in left field. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Chisenhall doubled to right. Bourn popped out to shortstop. Chisenhall to third on wild pitch by Feliz. Hayes walked. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chisenhall scored, Hayes out at second, Ramírez to second on throwing error by second baseman Field. Kipnis homered to right (425 feet), Ramírez scored. Santana popped out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Fielder struck out swinging. Beltré popped out to first. Moreland flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Rangers 8.	Kipnis' 2-run HR in 9th gives Indians 10-8 win over Rangers