Red Sox - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Pedroia grounded out to third. Betts walked. Ortiz grounded out to second, Betts to second. Ramírez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Red Sox. DeShields singled to center. Andrus doubled to left, DeShields scored. Fielder grounded out to second, Andrus to third. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Andrus out at home, Beltré to second. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Sandoval grounded out to pitcher. Napoli walked. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Napoli out at second. León walked, Holt to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Rosales reached on infield single to third. Martín struck out swinging. Rosales caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Pedroia grounded out to third. Betts flied out to right. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Alberto grounded out to pitcher. DeShields singled to center. Andrus flied out to right. Fielder flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Ramírez flied out to center. Sandoval grounded out to second. Napoli walked. Holt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton walked. Rosales singled to center, Hamilton to second. Martín singled to left, Hamilton to third, Rosales to second. Chirinos doubled to deep right, Hamilton and Rosales scored, Martín to third. Alberto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martín scored, Chirinos to third. DeShields reached on bunt single to pitcher, Chirinos scored, Alberto to third, DeShields to second on throwing error by pitcher Miley. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alberto out at home, DeShields to third, Andrus to second. Fielder flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. León grounded out to pitcher. Castillo walked. Pedroia flied out to center. Betts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Red Sox. Beltré safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Holt. Hamilton walked, Beltré to second. Rosales singled to shallow right center, Beltré to third, Hamilton to second. Ross pitching for Red Sox. Martín grounded into fielder's choice to right, Beltré scored, Hamilton out at third, Rosales to second. Chirinos lined out to third. Alberto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Ortiz doubled to deep left center. Ramírez grounded out to first, Ortiz to third. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ortiz out at home. Napoli doubled to deep right, Sandoval to third. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Holt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox. DeShields grounded out to third. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Fielder hit by pitch. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. León struck out looking. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia reached on infield single to pitcher. Betts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Red Sox. Hamilton struck out swinging. Rosales singled to center. Martín doubled to deep left, Rosales scored, Martín to third on throwing error by shortstop Holt. Chirinos popped out to first. Alberto singled to center, Martín scored. DeShields struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 8th. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Ortiz singled to left. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ortiz out at second. Sandoval flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Peguero in left field. Bogaerts at shortstop. Holt at first base. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Andrus flied out to center. Fielder singled to right center. Beltré flied out to center. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Peguero popped out to second. Holt singled to right. León struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 0 - Rangers 8.	Rangers' Gonzalez takes no-hitter into 6th, beats Red Sox