Athletics - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Burns grounded out to pitcher. Sogard popped out to shortstop. Zobrist grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to center. Gallo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Odor out at second. Fielder walked, Gallo to second. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second, Gallo to third. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Reddick flied out to left. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Andrus doubled to left. Martín grounded out to second, Andrus to third. Andrus scored on Phegley's passed ball. Rua struck out looking. Chirinos walked. Odor doubled to center, Chirinos to third. Gallo flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Lawrie grounded out to third. Phegley grounded out to second. Semien singled to center. Burns singled to left, Semien to second. Sogard singled to center, Semien scored, Burns out at third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Fielder grounded out to second. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Moreland grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Zobrist reached on infield single to third. Reddick lined out to left. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Zobrist out at second. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Butler out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Martín grounded out to second. Rua flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Lawrie grounded out to first. Phegley homered to left center (409 feet). Semien singled to right. Burns bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Semien out at second. Sogard grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Chavez pitching for Athletics. Chirinos singled to left. Odor homered to right center (377 feet), Chirinos scored. Gallo doubled to right. Fielder doubled to deep right, Gallo to third. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, Gallo scored, Fielder to third. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop, Fielder scored. Martín struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Zobrist walked. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Butler hit by pitch, Zobrist to second. Davis doubled to right center, Zobrist scored, Butler to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. Phegley doubled to deep center, Butler and Davis scored. Kela pitching for Rangers. Semien doubled to center, Phegley scored. Burns lined out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Rua lined out to center. Chirinos grounded out to third. Odor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Sogard walked. Zobrist homered to right center (409 feet), Sogard scored. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Reddick singled to right. Butler grounded out to third, Reddick to second. Davis struck out swinging. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. O'Flaherty pitching for Athletics. Gallo struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. Beltré safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Lawrie. Moreland singled to right, Beltré to third. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Andrus doubled to deep right, Beltré scored, Moreland to third. Martín grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 8th. Bass pitching for Rangers. Phegley struck out swinging. Bass pitching for Rangers. Phegley struck out swinging. Semien struck out looking. Burns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez Jr. pitching for Athletics. Rua struck out swinging. Chirinos walked. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Odor walked, Chirinos to second. Gallo struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Sogard struck out looking. Zobrist lined out to third. Reddick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Fuld in left field. Pomeranz pitching for Athletics. Beltré singled to left. Moreland grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltré out at second. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Rangers 6.	Phegley big hits for Oakland A's in 8-6 win at Texas