Rangers - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Choo struck out looking. Rua struck out swinging. Fielder homered to right (375 feet). Beltré lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Reyes walked. Donaldson singled to center, Reyes to second. Bautista walked, Reyes to third, Donaldson to second. Encarnación homered to center (412 feet), Reyes, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Colabello grounded out to third. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Carrera struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland popped out to second. Andrus walked. Odor doubled to left, Andrus to third. Martín grounded out to second, Andrus scored, Odor to third. Chirinos struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pillar doubled to left. Travis reached on fielder's choice to second, Pillar to third. Reyes grounded out to first, Pillar scored, Travis to second. Donaldson singled to right, Travis scored. Bautista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Donaldson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Rua grounded out to shortstop. Fielder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. Martin homered to right center (373 feet). Carrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Moreland singled to left center. Andrus struck out looking. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pillar grounded out to third. Travis singled to center. Reyes walked, Travis to second. Donaldson lined into double play, to second, Travis doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Martín bunt grounded out to third. Chirinos grounded out to third. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Bautista walked. Encarnación singled to center, Bautista to second. Colabello doubled to deep center, Bautista scored, Encarnación tagged out at home, Colabello to third advancing on play. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Colabello scored. Carrera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Rua singled to center. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rua out at second. Beltré lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Travis flied out to right. Reyes singled to right. Donaldson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland grounded out to first. Andrus singled to center. Odor walked, Andrus to second. Martín struck out looking. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Detwiler pitching for Rangers. Bautista fouled out to first. Encarnación homered to left center (404 feet). Colabello walked. Martin walked, Colabello to second. Carrera reached on infield single to third, Colabello to third, Martin to second. Pillar reached on infield single to second, Colabello scored, Martin to third, Carrera to second. Travis struck out looking. Smoak hit for Reyes. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Choo grounded out to second. Rua struck out swinging. Fielder doubled to left. Alberto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Rosales pitching for Rangers. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Valencia homered to left (406 feet). Encarnación flied out to left. Goins grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Rasmussen pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland reached on infield single to shortstop. Gallo ran for Moreland. Andrus lined out to left. Odor struck out swinging. Martín lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Blue Jays 12.	Encarnacion homers twice, Jays rout Rangers 12-2