Rangers - Top 1st. Heaney pitching for Angels. DeShields struck out looking. Odor flied out to left. Beltré struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Giavotella lined out to pitcher. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout homered to right (378 feet). Pujols safe at first on error by third baseman Beltré. Aybar lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Fielder grounded out to third. Moreland grounded out to first. Andrus doubled to left. Andrus out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Hamilton batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Cron walked. Gillaspie grounded out to second, Cron to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Joyce flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Heaney pitching for Angels. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Rua doubled to left. Telis grounded out to pitcher. DeShields reached on infield single to shortstop, Rua to third. Odor singled to right, Rua scored, DeShields to third. Beltré grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Giavotella flied out to right. Calhoun doubled to deep right. Trout walked. Pujols grounded out to third, Calhoun to third, Trout to second. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Fielder hit by pitch. Moreland lined out to left. Andrus singled to center, Fielder to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Rua walked, Fielder to third, Andrus to second. Telis hit by pitch, Fielder scored, Andrus to third, Rua to second. DeShields popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Cron homered to left (401 feet). Gillaspie lined out to center. Pérez struck out swinging. Robertson hit for Joyce. Robertson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Robertson in left field. Heaney pitching for Angels. Odor lined out to left. Beltré singled to left. Fielder flied out to left. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltré out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Giavotella grounded out to pitcher. Calhoun singled to center. Trout singled to left, Calhoun to second. Pujols singled to left, Calhoun to third, Trout to second. Aybar hit sacrifice fly to right, Calhoun scored, Trout to third. Pujols stole second. Cron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Heaney pitching for Angels. Andrus grounded out to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Rua popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Gillaspie walked. Bass pitching for Rangers. Pérez sacrificed to catcher, Gillaspie to second, Pérez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Bass. Gillaspie to third on throwing error by pitcher Bass. Robertson reached on infield single to third. Giavotella singled to left, Gillaspie scored, Pérez to third, Robertson to second. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Calhoun struck out swinging. Patton pitching for Rangers. Trout homered to right center (406 feet), Pérez, Robertson and Giavotella scored. Pujols struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Gott pitching for Angels. Telis grounded out to second. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Odor struck out swinging, Odor safe at first on passed ball by Pérez. Beltré singled to center, Odor to second. Fielder walked, Odor to third, Beltré to second. Moreland singled to center, Odor and Beltré scored, Fielder to second. Salas pitching for Angels. Andrus flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Kela pitching for Rangers. Cron grounded out to shortstop. Gillaspie singled to shallow left. Featherston ran for Gillaspie. Pérez walked, Featherston to second. Robertson doubled to deep left center, Featherston and Pérez scored, Robertson scored on throwing error by second baseman Odor. Giavotella struck out swinging. Rodríguez pitching for Rangers. Calhoun lined out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 8th. Featherston at third base. Smith pitching for Angels. Hamilton flied out to right. Rua struck out looking. Telis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Martín in center field. Rodriguez pitching for Rangers. Trout singled to center. Pujols grounded out to second, Trout to second. Aybar singled to left, Trout scored. Kubitza ran for Aybar. Cron singled to right, Kubitza to second. Featherston doubled to left, Kubitza scored, Cron to third. Pérez struck out looking. Robertson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Angels. Kubitza at third base. Cron at first base. Featherston at shortstop. Martín singled to left center. Odor homered to right (396 feet), Martín scored. Rosales hit for Beltré. Rosales lined out to third. Fielder singled to right. Moreland doubled to right, Fielder to third. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder scored, Moreland out at third. Hamilton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Angels 13.	Trout rips Rangers with HRs 30, 31 as Angels roll