Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Tulowitzki lined out to center. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista walked. Encarnación flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Price pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields flied out to center. Choo singled to left center. Beltré homered to center (416 feet), Choo scored. Fielder singled to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Smoak struck out swinging. Martin popped out to shortstop. Revere singled to center. Pillar singled to left center, Revere to third. Goins singled to center, Revere scored, Pillar to second. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Price pitching for Blue Jays. Strausborger struck out swinging. Gimenez grounded out to shortstop. Alberto lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Donaldson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación grounded out to first, Donaldson to third, Bautista to second. Smoak grounded out to second, Donaldson scored, Bautista to third. Martin walked. Revere flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Price pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields lined out to left. Choo singled to left. Beltré struck out looking. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pillar singled to left. Goins grounded out to second, Pillar to second. Tulowitzki flied out to left, Pillar to third. Donaldson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Price pitching for Blue Jays. Napoli singled to right center. Napoli to second on wild pitch by Price. Andrus walked. Strausborger struck out swinging. Gimenez struck out looking. Alberto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Bautista walked. Encarnación fouled out to first. Bautista to second on wild pitch by Lewis. Bautista to third on wild pitch by Lewis. Smoak homered to right (396 feet), Bautista scored. Martin lined out to center. Revere lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Price pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields grounded out to third. Choo struck out swinging. Beltré grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pillar homered to left (385 feet). Patton pitching for Rangers. Goins walked. Tulowitzki singled to right, Goins to third. Donaldson singled to center, Goins scored, Tulowitzki to third. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación homered to center (416 feet), Tulowitzki, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Martin walked. Revere struck out swinging. Pillar flied out to right. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Price pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Napoli struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Freeman pitching for Rangers. Goins walked. Tulowitzki walked, Goins to second. Donaldson walked, Goins to third, Tulowitzki to second. Bass pitching for Rangers. Bautista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goins scored, Donaldson out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Tulowitzki scored on Bass' wild pitch. Encarnación lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Lowe pitching for Blue Jays. Strausborger singled to left. Gimenez reached on infield single to catcher, Strausborger to second. Alberto lined out to center. Venable hit for DeShields. Venable reached on infield single to third, Strausborger to third, Gimenez to second. Choo singled to left, Strausborger and Gimenez scored, Venable to third. Beltré grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Venable in center field. Bass pitching for Rangers. Smoak singled to center. Martin struck out swinging. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Smoak out at second. Pillar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder lined out to left. Napoli grounded out to third. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Bass pitching for Rangers. Goins walked. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Goins out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Carrera in right field. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Strausborger flied out to center. Gimenez grounded out to second. Alberto singled to center. Alberto to second on fielder's indifference. Venable walked. Choo lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Rangers 4.	Encarnacion helps Price celebrate 30th, Jays top Texas 12-4