Rangers - Top 1st. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. DeShields singled to center. DeShields stole second. Choo doubled to deep right, DeShields scored. Fielder grounded out to second, Choo to third. Beltré singled to left, Choo scored. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Burns grounded out to third. Canha singled to left. Lawrie grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Canha out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to right center. Venable grounded out to second, Odor to second. Gimenez singled to right, Odor to third. DeShields singled to right center, Odor scored, Gimenez to second. Choo struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Valencia grounded out to third. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Reddick reached on infield single to third. Reddick stole second. Reddick stole third. Smolinski safe at first on error by center fielder DeShields, Reddick scored. Semien struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Bassitt pitching for Athletics. Beltré grounded out to third. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus walked. Odor grounded into fielder's choice to second, Andrus safe at second on error by second baseman Lawrie. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Odor out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Blair grounded out to second. Burns walked. Canha grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Burns out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Venditte pitching for Athletics. Gimenez singled to deep right. DeShields flied out to center. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gimenez out at second. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Lawrie walked. Valencia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawrie out at second. Butler struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Athletics. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Moreland walked. Andrus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Moreland out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Reddick walked. Smolinski popped out to second. Semien singled to right, Reddick to third. Blair grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Semien out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Abad pitching for Athletics. Odor singled to right. Venable sacrificed to first, Odor to second. Gimenez walked. DeShields singled to left, Odor scored, Gimenez to second. Choo struck out swinging. Fielder walked, Gimenez to third, DeShields to second. León pitching for Athletics. Beltré singled to left, Gimenez and DeShields scored, Fielder to second, Fielder to third, Beltré to second on error by catcher Blair. Moreland intentionally walked. Andrus lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Burns lined out to center. Canha grounded out to third. Lawrie singled to center. Valencia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Otero pitching for Athletics. Odor grounded out to first. Venable singled to center. Gimenez lined out to right. DeShields lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Stubbs in center field. Kela pitching for Rangers. Butler doubled to left. Reddick struck out swinging. Vogt hit for Smolinski. Vogt struck out swinging. Semien lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Canha in left field. Vogt at first base. Martin pitching for Athletics. Choo walked. Fielder homered to right (375 feet), Choo scored. Beltré lined out to right. Moreland doubled to deep center. Alberto hit for Andrus. Alberto struck out swinging. Odor grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Alberto at shortstop. Faulkner pitching for Rangers. Blair struck out swinging. Burns reached on infield single to third, Burns to second on throwing error by third baseman Beltré. Canha popped out to third. Lawrie struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 9th. Martin pitching for Athletics. Venable grounded out to second. Gimenez flied out to right. Stubbs flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Bass pitching for Rangers. Valencia doubled to deep right. Muncy hit for Butler. Muncy grounded out to first, Valencia to third. Pridie hit for Reddick. Pridie popped out to shortstop. Vogt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 8 - Athletics 1.	Hamels sharp as Rangers complete sweep of A's 8-1