Blue Jays - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Revere grounded out to pitcher. Donaldson grounded out to third. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields flied out to center. Choo fouled out to third. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Encarnación lined out to shortstop. Colabello struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland grounded out to second. Andrus flied out to center. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Navarro doubled to deep center. Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop, Navarro to third. Goins grounded into double play, second to first, Navarro scored, Pillar out at second. Revere grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Odor struck out swinging. Chirinos popped out to second. Alberto hit ground rule double to deep center. DeShields flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Donaldson doubled to deep right center. Bautista flied out to center, Donaldson to third. Encarnación intentionally walked. Colabello walked, Encarnación to second. Tulowitzki walked, Donaldson scored, Encarnación to third, Colabello to second. Navarro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tulowitzki out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Choo struck out swinging. Fielder popped out to shortstop. Moreland flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pillar singled to center, Pillar to second on error by center fielder DeShields. Goins sacrificed to third, Pillar to third. Revere lined into double play, second to third, Pillar doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus popped out to shortstop. Hamilton singled to right. Odor struck out looking. Chirinos grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Donaldson reached on infield single to second. Bautista singled to center, Donaldson to third. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Encarnación walked, Bautista to second. Colabello grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Donaldson out at home, Bautista to third, Encarnación to second. Tulowitzki homered to left (387 feet), Bautista and Encarnación scored. Navarro flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Alberto flied out to center. DeShields singled to shallow left. Choo grounded out to first, DeShields to second. Fielder grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Pillar grounded out to third. Goins grounded out to shortstop. Revere reached on infield single to second. Donaldson walked, Revere to second. Ohlendorf pitching for Rangers. Bautista popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Moreland flied out to center. Andrus singled to center. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus to third, Hamilton to second on error by right fielder Bautista. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Odor grounded out to shortstop, Andrus scored, Hamilton to third. Lowe pitching for Blue Jays. Chirinos struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Ohlendorf pitching for Rangers. Encarnación lined out to pitcher. Colabello flied out to right. Tulowitzki singled to left center. Navarro popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Smoak at first base. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Alberto grounded out to first. DeShields grounded out to second. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Pillar lined out to right. Goins struck out swinging. Revere flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder lined out to center. Moreland lined out to first. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Rangers 1.	Tulowitzki knocks in 4 to help Blue Jays stay alive