Yankees - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Jeter flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Damon safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi. Mueller homered to right, Damon scored. Ortiz struck out swinging. Ramirez homered to right. Millar singled to left. Burks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second. Bellhorn walked, Burks to second. Mirabelli safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter, Burks scored, Bellhorn to second. Reese flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Giambi flied out to right. Sheffield flied out to left. Posada homered to center. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Damon flied out to left. Mueller singled to shallow left. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Williams struck out looking. Wilson grounded out to third. Lofton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Ramirez struck out swinging. Millar struck out swinging. Burks struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jeter singled to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi walked, Jeter to second. Sheffield grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giambi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn flied out to right. Mirabelli homered to right center. Reese popped out to second. Damon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Posada grounded out to second. Matsui singled to shallow left. Matsui to second on passed ball by Mirabelli. Williams singled to right, Matsui scored. Wilson grounded out to pitcher, Williams to second. Lofton grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Mueller singled to right. Ortiz struck out swinging. Mueller caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to third. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Giambi walked, Rodriguez to second. Rodriguez caught stealing third, catcher to third, Giambi to second on runner's fielder's choice. Sheffield struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Millar lined out to third. Burks singled to left. Bellhorn singled to right, Burks to third. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Mirabelli doubled to left, Burks scored, Bellhorn to third. White pitching for Yankees. Reese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bellhorn out at home, Mirabelli to third. Damon flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Posada grounded out to second. Matsui walked. Clark hit for Wilson. Williams walked, Matsui to second. Clark struck out swinging. Cairo at second base. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Williams out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. White pitching for Yankees. Mueller walked. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Ortiz flied out to left. Williamson pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Williamson pitching for Red Sox. Jeter grounded out to second. Rodriguez lined out to third. Giambi safe at first on error by left fielder Ramirez. Giambi to second on wild pitch by Williamson. Sheffield walked. Giambi to third, Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Williamson. Posada walked. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Matsui struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. De Paula pitching for Yankees. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Burks walked. Bellhorn walked, Burks to second. Osborne pitching for Yankees. Mirabelli walked, Burks to third, Bellhorn to second. Kapler in right field. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Reese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mirabelli out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Williams flied out to center. Cairo hit by pitch. Lofton grounded out to pitcher, Cairo to second. Jeter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Red Sox 6.	Wakefield, Red Sox stop Yankees at Fenway