Yankees - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Jeter reached on infield single to first. Williams singled to left center, Jeter to second. Rodriguez reached on bunt single to third, Jeter to third, Williams to second, Jeter scored on throwing error by third baseman Crede. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Sheffield walked, Williams to third, Rodriguez to second. Posada singled to right, Williams and Rodriguez scored, Sheffield to second. Matsui hit by pitch, Sheffield to third, Posada to second. Sierra reached on infield single to second, Sheffield scored, Posada to third, Matsui to second. Cairo doubled to left, Posada, Matsui and Sierra scored, Cairo to third on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Jeter grounded out to second. Williams walked. Rodriguez flied out to right. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Graman pitching for Yankees. Harris struck out looking. Uribe reached on infield single to third. Ordonez doubled to deep left center, Uribe scored. Lee walked. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Giambi doubled to deep right center. Sheffield grounded out to third. Posada doubled to deep right center, Giambi scored. Matsui struck out looking. Sierra grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Graman pitching for Yankees. Gload singled to center. Crede singled to left, Gload to second. Rowand flied out to center, Gload to third. Alomar Jr hit sacrifice fly to center, Gload scored. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Harris lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Cairo fouled out to catcher. Jeter flied out to right. Williams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Graman pitching for Yankees. Uribe struck out swinging. Ordonez tripled to deep center. Lee popped out to first. Konerko singled to left center, Ordonez scored. Gload doubled to deep right, Konerko scored. Crede walked. Rowand doubled to left, Gload scored, Crede to third. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Alomar Jr struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez singled to center. Giambi grounded out to, Rodriguez out at second, Giambi to first. Sheffield singled to right. Posada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Uribe flied out to right. Ordonez walked. Lee popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Matsui walked. Sierra walked, Matsui to second. Cairo sacrificed to pitcher, Matsui to third, Sierra to second. Jeter struck out looking. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Proctor pitching for Yankees. Konerko homered to left. Gload struck out looking. Crede struck out looking. Rowand homered to left center. Takatsu pitching for White Sox. Alomar Jr grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Takatsu pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi singled to center. Sheffield walked, Giambi to second. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Posada walked, Giambi to third, Sheffield to second. Matsui walked, Giambi scored, Sheffield to third, Posada to second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matsui out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Harris bunt grounded out to pitcher. Uribe doubled to deep center. Ordonez singled to right center, Uribe scored. Ordonez caught stealing second, catcher to second. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Lee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Cairo doubled to left center. Jeter sacrificed to pitcher, Cairo to third. Williams flied out to center. Cairo scored on Jackson's wild pitch. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Konerko grounded out to third. Gload grounded out to second. Crede singled to center. Rowand grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crede out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for White Sox. Giambi grounded out to second. Sheffield flied out to left. Posada homered to center. Matsui reached on infield single to second. Koch pitching for White Sox. Sierra singled to center, Matsui to third. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Cairo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Lee at first base. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Alomar Jr grounded out to second. Harris grounded out to pitcher. Uribe grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Koch pitching for White Sox. Jeter flied out to center. Williams popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to center. Rodriguez stole second. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Ordonez grounded out to second. Lee grounded out to pitcher. Konerko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - White Sox 8.	Yankees score 7 in the first, beat White Sox