Yankees - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Jeter flied out to center. Williams lined out to left. Rodriguez walked. Rodriguez stole second. Sheffield lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Posada struck out swinging. Sierra flied out to right. Matsui walked. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. Gibbons walked. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gibbons out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Wilson singled to center. Jeter struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to third, Wilson to second. Rodriguez lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Bigbie grounded out to pitcher. Hairston Jr lined out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Sheffield reached on infield single to third. Posada doubled to deep right, Sheffield scored. Sierra grounded out to second, Posada to third. Matsui singled to left, Posada scored. Clark doubled to deep right, Matsui to third. Wilson fouled out to first. Jeter grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Mora hit by pitch. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mora out at second. Palmeiro singled to center. Bautista pitching for Orioles. Lopez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Bautista pitching for Orioles. Williams lined out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Gibbons grounded out to second. Matos reached on infield single to catcher. Bigbie lined out to center. Matos stole second. Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Bautista pitching for Orioles. Posada flied out to left. Sierra singled to left. Matsui walked, Sierra to second. Clark singled to right, Sierra to third, Matsui to second. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center, Sierra scored, Matsui to third. Matsui scored, Clark to second on wild pitch by Bautista. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Jeter doubled to deep right, Clark scored. Williams singled to right, Jeter to third. Rodriguez homered to center, Jeter and Williams scored. Sheffield struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Roberts lined out to center. Mora singled to right. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Mora safe at third on error by pitcher Lieber. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mora scored, Tejada safe at second on error by first baseman Clark. Lopez singled to center, Tejada scored, Palmeiro to second. Gibbons flied out to left. Matos fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Posada doubled to deep center. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Posada to third on wild pitch by DeJean. Matsui walked. Clark hit by pitch, Matsui to second. Wilson singled to left, Posada and Matsui scored, Clark to second. Crosby in right field. Jeter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Bigbie flied out to left. Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Williams hit by pitch. Rodriguez singled to left, Williams to second. Sheffield grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second, Williams to third. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Posada walked. White pitching for Yankees. Crosby grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Yankees. Mora popped out to second. Tejada flied out to right. Palmeiro singled to center. Lopez at shortstop. Leon at first base. Machado catching. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Matsui tripled to center. Clark grounded out to pitcher. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to right, Matsui scored. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Surhoff ran for Gibbons. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Gibbons singled to right center. Matos popped out to second. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Surhoff out at second. Hairston Jr walked, Bigbie to second. Roberts singled to right center, Bigbie scored, Hairston Jr to second. Mora popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 11 - Orioles 3.	Orioles slip under .500 with loss to Yankees