Yankees - Top 1st. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Lofton flied out to left. Jeter singled to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Roberts singled to left. Mora walked, Roberts to second. Tejada struck out looking. Palmeiro popped out to first. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Posada reached on infield single to second. Matsui walked, Posada to second. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matsui out at second, Posada to third. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Surhoff grounded out to second. Matos struck out swinging. Bigbie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Lofton flied out to center. Jeter lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Hairston Jr grounded out to third. Roberts grounded out to second. Mora reached on bunt single to third. Tejada homered to left, Mora scored. Palmeiro homered to right. Lopez singled to center. Surhoff popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez flied out to center. Sheffield fouled out to third. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Matos flied out to center. Bigbie singled to center. Hairston Jr flied out to center. Bigbie stole second. Roberts walked. Bigbie to third, Roberts to second on passed ball by Posada. Mora walked. Tejada grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Ponson pitching for Orioles. Matsui singled to center. Williams flied out to left. Clark singled to deep right, Matsui to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center, Matsui scored. Lofton singled to right, Clark to second. Jeter doubled to deep center, Clark and Lofton scored. Rodriguez homered to right, Jeter scored. Sheffield singled to right center. Posada singled to right, Sheffield to second. Matsui doubled to deep center, Sheffield and Posada scored. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Williams singled to center, Matsui scored. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Surhoff flied out to left. Matos reached on infield single to shortstop, Palmeiro to second. Bigbie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matos out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Jeter doubled to deep left. Rodriguez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Hairston Jr popped out to first. Roberts grounded out to first. Mora grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop. Posada walked, Sheffield to second. Bautista pitching for Orioles. Matsui singled to center, Sheffield scored, Posada to second. Williams struck out looking. Posada to third, Matsui to second on passed ball by Lopez. Clark doubled to deep right center, Posada and Matsui scored. Crosby hit for Lofton. Wilson homered to right, Clark scored. Crosby walked. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Cairo hit for Rodriguez. Jeter hit by pitch, Crosby to second. Cairo singled to left, Crosby scored, Jeter to second. Sheffield lined out to first. Crosby in center field. Bush at second base. Cairo at third base. Wilson at shortstop. Posada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Contreras pitching for Yankees. Tejada safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Lopez ran for Tejada. Leon ran for Palmeiro. Machado hit for Lopez. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro singled to center, Lopez to second. Machado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Leon out at second, Lopez to third. Lopez at shortstop. Leon at first base. Machado catching. Surhoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Parrish pitching for Orioles. Matsui hit by pitch. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Matsui safe at second on error by pitcher Parrish. Cubillan pitching for Orioles. Clark doubled to deep center, Matsui and Williams scored. Wilson grounded out to second, Williams scored, Clark to third. Crosby doubled to deep right, Clark scored. Bush grounded out to shortstop, Crosby to third. Flaherty catching. Cairo fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Matos popped out to shortstop. Bigbie flied out to left. Hairston Jr singled to center. Roberts singled to right, Hairston Jr to second. Mora singled to left, Hairston Jr to third, Roberts to second. Julio pitching for Orioles. Lopez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Sheffield singled to center. Flaherty reached on infield single to third, Sheffield to second. Matsui walked, Sheffield to third, Flaherty to second. Williams popped out to first. Clark hit sacrifice fly to left, Sheffield scored. White pitching for Yankees. Wilson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. White pitching for Yankees. Leon homered to left. Machado grounded out to shortstop. Surhoff doubled to deep right. Matos singled to center, Surhoff scored. Bigbie flied out to left. Hairston Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 18 - Orioles 5.	Yankees hammer O's to complete series sweep