Yankees - Top 1st. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter struck out swinging, Jeter safe at first on passed ball by Fordyce. Williams popped out to shortstop. Jeter stole second. Rodriguez struck out looking. Sheffield flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Crawford flied out to left. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Matsui singled to center. Sierra flied out to left. Clark walked, Matsui to second. Flaherty flied out to center. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Martinez singled to center. Cruz sacrificed to third, Martinez to second. Tampa Bay's Lugo ejected by Foster in the 2nd. Blum at second base. Sanchez at shortstop. Fick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Fordyce singled to left center. Sanchez reached on infield single to second, Fordyce to second. Crawford grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second, Fordyce to third. Baldelli grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Matsui singled to center. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui out at second. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Huff homered to right. Martinez singled to left. Cruz singled to right, Martinez to second. Blum sacrificed to pitcher, Martinez to third, Cruz to second, Blum safe at first on error by pitcher Lieber. Fick singled to center, Martinez scored, Cruz to third, Blum to second. Fordyce grounded out to first, Cruz scored, Blum to third, Fick to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Flaherty struck out swinging. Wilson walked. Jeter lined out to third. Williams grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Baldelli flied out to center. Huff homered to right. Martinez grounded out to first. Cruz singled to center. Blum grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez hit by pitch. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Fick singled to center. Fordyce reached on infield single to second, Fick to second. White pitching for Yankees. Sanchez walked, Fick to third, Fordyce to second. Crawford hit sacrifice fly to left, Fick scored. Baldelli struck out swinging. Huff singled to center, Fordyce scored, Sanchez to second. Martinez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Zambrano pitching for Devil Rays. Clark walked. Flaherty struck out swinging. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Wilson singled to right, Clark to second. Jeter struck out swinging. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Cruz struck out swinging. Blum grounded out to first. Fick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Sosa pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez singled to left center. Rodriguez stole second. Sheffield grounded out to second, Rodriguez to third. Matsui singled to center, Rodriguez scored. Sierra singled to center, Matsui to second. Posada hit for Flaherty. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Clark singled to right, Matsui scored, Sierra to third. Posada struck out swinging. Wilson walked, Clark to second. Jeter reached on infield single to second, Sierra scored, Clark to third, Wilson to second, Clark scored on throwing error by second baseman Blum. Posada catching. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson out at third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Fordyce homered to left. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Crawford lined out to shortstop. Baldelli struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Baez pitching for Devil Rays. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Sheffield singled to center. Matsui struck out swinging. Sierra doubled to right, Sheffield to third. Bush ran for Clark. Clark singled to center, Sheffield and Sierra scored. Posada struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 6 - Devil Rays 7.	Huff's big day for D-Rays helps cool off Yanks