Rockies - Top 1st. Brown pitching for Yankees. Miles singled to right. Clayton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miles out at second. Helton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Jeter flied out to center. Williams flied out to center. Rodriguez singled to left. Sheffield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Castilla walked. Burnitz singled to deep right, Castilla to third. Holliday singled to right, Castilla scored, Burnitz to second. Sweeney fouled out to shortstop. Greene struck out swinging. Freeman singled to right, Burnitz scored, Holliday to third, Holliday scored, Freeman to second on throwing error by right fielder Sheffield. Miles singled to left center, Freeman scored. Clayton grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Giambi grounded out to first. Posada doubled to deep left. Matsui struck out swinging. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Helton singled to left center. Castilla hit by pitch, Helton to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. Helton to third, Castilla to second on wild pitch by Sturtze. Holliday walked. Sweeney walked, Helton scored, Castilla to third, Holliday to second. Greene grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sweeney out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Cairo singled to center. Jeter hit by pitch, Cairo to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to center, Cairo scored on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy, Jeter safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Kennedy. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to right, Jeter scored. Sheffield homered to left, Williams scored. Giambi struck out swinging. Posada struck out looking. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Freeman grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to shortstop. Clayton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Matsui walked. Sierra grounded into double play, third to second to first, Matsui out at second. Cairo singled to right. Jeter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Helton grounded out to first. Castilla struck out swinging. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Williams walked. Rodriguez flied out to center. Sheffield fouled out to first. Giambi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Holliday doubled to right. Sweeney flied out to center, Holliday to third. Greene popped out to second. Freeman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Posada reached on infield single to third. Matsui grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Posada out at second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Miles flied out to center. Clayton grounded out to second. Helton fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Kennedy pitching for Rockies. Cairo hit ground rule double to left. Jeter homered to right center, Cairo scored. Reed pitching for Rockies. Williams homered to right. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield flied out to left. Clark at first base. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Giambi flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Castilla grounded out to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Posada reached on infield single to shortstop. Matsui flied out to right. Sierra popped out to shortstop. Cairo singled to left, Posada to third. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Jeter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Sweeney struck out looking. Greene singled to left. Freeman grounded out to pitcher, Greene to second. Miles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 5 - Yankees 7.	Jeter's go-ahead HR powers Yanks rally