Yankees - Top 1st. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams homered to left. Jeter singled to center. Rodriguez lined out to shortstop. Sheffield walked, Jeter to second. Giambi walked, Jeter to third, Sheffield to second. Posada doubled to third, Jeter and Sheffield scored, Giambi to third. Matsui singled to center, Giambi scored, Posada to third. Cairo fouled out to first. Sturtze struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Hairston struck out swinging. Finley singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to right. Hillenbrand singled to left center, Finley to third. Tracy walked, Hillenbrand to second. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams grounded out to third. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez homered to left. Sheffield grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Devore flied out to center. Brito struck out swinging. Fossum struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Giambi singled to right. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giambi out at second. Matsui flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Hairston doubled to right. Finley singled to center, Hairston scored. Gonzalez walked, Finley to second. Hillenbrand singled to right, Finley scored, Gonzalez to third. Tracy fouled out to third. Cintron singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Hillenbrand to second. Devore grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cintron out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Cairo lined out to right. Sturtze flied out to right. Williams popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Brito grounded out to shortstop. Fossum grounded out to third. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Fossum pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter homered to left. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Sheffield singled to left. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Posada singled to center, Sheffield to second. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Matsui walked, Sheffield to third, Posada to second. Cairo safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron, Sheffield scored, Posada to third, Matsui to second. Sturtze safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron, Posada scored, Matsui to third, Cairo to second. Williams grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Finley popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to right. Hillenbrand flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Service pitching for Diamondbacks. Jeter hit by pitch. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop, Jeter to second. Sheffield popped out to second. Giambi walked. Posada grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Tracy flied out to center. Cintron fouled out to third. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Olson in right field. Devore flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Villafuerte pitching for Diamondbacks. Matsui walked. Lofton hit for Sturtze. Cairo reached on infield single to third, Matsui to second, Matsui to third, Cairo to second on throwing error by third baseman Tracy. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Williams intentionally walked. Jeter safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand, Matsui scored, Cairo to third, Williams to second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Lofton in center field. Rodriguez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jeter out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Brito reached on infield single to shortstop. Olson popped out to first. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Hairston flied out to center. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Clark hit for Giambi. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Sheffield flied out to center. Clark popped out to second. Clark at first base. Crosby in left field. Posada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez fouled out to first. Hillenbrand walked. Tracy singled to left, Hillenbrand to second. Zinter hit for Randolph. Cintron flied out to right. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Zinter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Crosby struck out swinging. Cairo singled to left. Prinz pitching for Yankees. Green hit for Brito. Lofton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Prinz pitching for Yankees. Green struck out looking. Olson homered to left. Hairston flied out to right. Finley flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 9 - Diamondbacks 4.	Everything clicks for Yankees vs. D-Backs