Yankees - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Williams grounded out to third. Jeter flied out to right. Rodriguez walked. Giambi doubled to right, Rodriguez to third. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Roberts singled to left. Newhan tripled to deep right, Roberts scored. Tejada singled to shallow right center, Newhan scored. Palmeiro singled to right center, Tejada to third. Lopez popped out to second. Gibbons hit sacrifice fly to center, Tejada scored. Matos singled to center, Palmeiro to second, Palmeiro thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Matsui grounded out to second. Sierra safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Newhan. Clark grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sierra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Bigbie struck out looking. Hairston Jr flied out to right. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Cairo singled to left. Cairo stole second. Williams singled to center, Cairo scored. Jeter struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Williams out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Newhan reached on infield single to first. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Newhan out at second. Palmeiro popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Giambi flied out to center. Posada singled to left. Matsui flied out to center. Sierra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Posada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lieber pitching for Yankees. Lopez singled to center. Gibbons singled to right, Lopez to third, Lopez to third, Gibbons to second on error by right fielder Sierra.J Lopez tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. Matos reached on bunt single to third, Gibbons to third. Bigbie safe at first on error by pitcher Lieber, Gibbons scored, Matos to second. Hairston Jr doubled to deep left center, Matos and Bigbie scored. Roberts flied out to center, Hairston Jr to third. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Newhan singled to right center, Hairston Jr scored. Tejada struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Clark struck out swinging. Cairo popped out to shortstop. Williams doubled to deep left. Jeter safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada, Williams scored. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Palmeiro popped out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Gibbons flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Giambi walked. Posada singled to right, Giambi to second. Matsui walked, Giambi to third, Posada to second. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Sierra struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. Cairo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Matos grounded out to second. Bigbie struck out swinging. Hairston Jr struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Grimsley pitching for Orioles. Williams grounded out to second. Jeter grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Roberts walked. Roberts stole second. Newhan singled to right, Roberts scored. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Tejada doubled to deep center, Newhan scored. Palmeiro singled to right, Tejada scored. Lopez doubled to deep left, Palmeiro to third. Gibbons grounded out to pitcher. Matos hit sacrifice fly to center, Palmeiro scored. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Bigbie lined out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Giambi grounded out to third. Posada grounded out to shortstop. Wilson at shortstop. Flaherty catching. Crosby in left field. Matsui grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Hairston Jr singled to left. Roberts popped out to second. Newhan struck out looking. Tejada homered to left, Hairston Jr scored. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Raines Jr in right field. Machado catching. Palmeiro popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Sierra flied out to left. Clark struck out looking. Cairo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 2 - Orioles 13.	Lucky 13: Orioles pound Yanks