Blue Jays - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Johnson reached on infield single to third. Catalanotto grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Williams grounded out to second. Cairo doubled to right center. Sheffield hit by pitch. Rodriguez flied out to center. Posada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Zaun grounded out to first. Hinske singled to left. Rios walked, Hinske to second. Gomez grounded out to pitcher, Hinske to third, Rios to second. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui walked. Sierra singled to right, Matsui to third. Clark walked, Sierra to second. Wilson lined out to left. Williams singled to right, Matsui scored, Sierra to third, Clark to second. Cairo hit sacrifice fly to center, Sierra scored. Sheffield walked, Clark to third, Williams to second. Clark scored, Williams to third, Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Hentgen. Rodriguez walked. Posada singled to right, Williams and Sheffield scored, Rodriguez to third. Matsui flied out to left. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto singled to center. Wells doubled to left, Catalanotto to third. Delgado hit by pitch. Zaun walked, Catalanotto scored, Wells to third, Delgado to second. Hinske hit sacrifice fly to left, Wells scored. Rios flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hentgen pitching for Blue Jays. Sierra grounded out to second. Clark singled to right center. Wilson grounded out to second, Clark to second. Williams singled to center, Clark scored. File pitching for Blue Jays. Cairo reached on infield single to shortstop, Williams to second. Sheffield homered to left, Williams and Cairo scored. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Gomez reached on infield single to third. Hudson popped out to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to left center, Gomez to second. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Posada flied out to center. Matsui doubled to deep center. Sierra singled to right, Matsui tagged out at home. Clark struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Delgado popped out to third. Zaun flied out to left. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. File pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson homered to right. Williams struck out looking. Cairo popped out to second. Sheffield singled to left. Rodriguez reached on infield single to third, Sheffield to second. Posada walked, Sheffield to third, Rodriguez to second. Matsui lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Rios singled to center. Gomez flied out to right. Hudson struck out looking. Johnson singled to center, Rios to third. Catalanotto doubled to left, Rios scored, Johnson to third. Cash catching. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Wells flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Sierra struck out looking. Clark walked. Wilson struck out looking. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Delgado lined out to first. Cash grounded out to pitcher. Hinske doubled to deep right center. Johnson in center field. Berg in left field. Phelps at first base. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Cairo singled to shallow left. Sheffield flied out to center. Crosby in left field. Padilla pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cairo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Padilla pitching for Yankees. Gomez walked. Hudson struck out looking. Johnson singled to right, Gomez to second. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Catalanotto walked, Gomez to third, Johnson to second. Berg grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Catalanotto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Posada singled to deep right. Crosby flied out to right. Sierra struck out looking. Clark grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Phelps grounded out to shortstop. Cash struck out swinging. Hinske grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Yankees 10.	Yankees strike early, batter last-place Blue Jays