Yankees - Top 1st. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Jeter walked. Rodriguez doubled to left, Jeter scored. Sheffield flied out to center, Rodriguez to third. Matsui homered to right, Rodriguez scored. Williams singled to right. Posada grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Williams out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Brown pitching for Yankees. Damon grounded out to shortstop. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ramirez reached on infield single to third. Ortiz singled to right, Ramirez thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Sierra doubled to center. Olerud popped out to shortstop. Cairo fouled out to first. Jeter flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Varitek walked. Nixon homered to right, Varitek scored. Millar flied out to center. Mueller doubled to deep right. Cabrera grounded out to third. Damon reached on infield single to second, Mueller scored, Damon to second advancing on throw. Damon to third on wild pitch by Brown. Bellhorn walked. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter, Damon scored, Bellhorn to second. Ortiz grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Red Sox. Rodriguez homered to left. Sheffield walked. Matsui doubled to right, Sheffield to third. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Williams singled to center, Sheffield scored, Matsui to third. Matsui scored, Williams to second on balk by Mendoza. Posada popped out to first. Sierra struck out swinging. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Varitek singled to right. Nixon struck out swinging. Millar doubled to left, Varitek to third. Mueller walked. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Varitek and Millar scored, Mueller thrown out at home, Cabrera to third advancing on throw. Damon grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Cairo hit by pitch. Leskanic pitching for Red Sox. Jeter lined out to right. Rodriguez walked, Cairo to second. Sheffield homered to left, Cairo and Rodriguez scored. Matsui doubled to left. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Williams popped out to first. Posada intentionally walked. Sierra tripled to deep right, Matsui and Posada scored. Olerud lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ramirez walked. Ortiz singled to right, Ramirez to second. Varitek lined into double play, to first, Ortiz doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Jeter walked. Rodriguez doubled to deep right center, Jeter scored. Sheffield doubled to center, Rodriguez scored. Matsui flied out to left. Williams struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Nixon flied out to center. Millar popped out to second. Mueller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Posada flied out to center. Sierra flied out to center. Clark at first base. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Damon flied out to right. Bellhorn struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Cairo reached on infield single to shortstop. Jeter flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cairo out at second. Sheffield singled to deep left, Rodriguez to third. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Matsui singled to right center, Rodriguez scored, Sheffield to third. Williams doubled to deep center, Sheffield and Matsui scored. Posada doubled to deep center, Williams scored. Sierra grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Vazquez pitching for Yankees. Ortiz singled to left. Varitek homered to right center, Ortiz scored. Nixon flied out to right. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Mueller singled to left. Cabrera singled to center, Mueller to second. Myers pitching for Red Sox. Mirabelli catching. Damon flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Clark struck out swinging. Cairo struck out swinging. Jeter singled to center. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jeter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Bellhorn struck out looking. Ramirez flied out to center. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Crosby ran for Sheffield. Sheffield singled to center. Matsui homered to right center, Crosby scored. Williams singled to center. Posada singled to right center, Williams to second. Sierra struck out looking. Crosby in right field. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Clark lined into double play, third to second, Williams doubled off second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Gordon pitching for Yankees. Mirabelli popped out to second. Nixon doubled to deep center. Nixon to third on wild pitch by Gordon. Millar struck out swinging. Mueller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 19 - Red Sox 8.	Pounding for the ages: Yankees embarrass BoSox