Giants - Top 1st. McCarthy pitching for Braves. Blanco lined out to left. McCutchen singled to right. Posey grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Blach pitching for Giants. Albies doubled to center. Acuña Jr. grounded out to shortstop, Albies to third. Freeman grounded out to first, Albies scored. Markakis reached on infield single to second. Suzuki singled to left, Markakis to second. Bautista flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. McCarthy pitching for Braves. Belt walked. Longoria struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right, Belt to second, Belt to third, Crawford to second on error by right fielder Markakis. Hanson doubled to right center, Belt and Crawford scored. Hernández singled to right, Hanson to third. Blach sacrificed to first, Hernández to second. Blanco grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Blach pitching for Giants. Camargo grounded out to shortstop. McCarthy grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. McCarthy pitching for Braves. McCutchen singled to center. Posey singled to deep center, McCutchen to third. Belt singled to right, McCutchen scored, Belt out at second, Posey to third. Longoria doubled to right, Posey scored. Crawford grounded out to second, Longoria to third. Hanson homered to right (388 feet), Longoria scored. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Blach struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Blach pitching for Giants. Albies safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford. Acuña Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Albies out at second, Acuña Jr. to second on throwing error by second baseman Hanson. Freeman struck out swinging. Markakis doubled to right, Acuña Jr. scored. Suzuki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. McCarthy pitching for Braves. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. McCutchen doubled to left. Posey singled to center, McCutchen scored. Sims pitching for Braves. Belt walked, Posey to second. Longoria struck out looking. Crawford doubled to deep center, Posey and Belt scored. Hanson lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Blach pitching for Giants. Bautista singled to center. Camargo flied out to right. Sims bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Bautista out at second. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Sims pitching for Braves. Hernández singled to left. Blach struck out bunting foul. Blanco struck out looking. McCutchen hit by pitch, Hernández to second. Posey singled to left center, Hernández scored, McCutchen to second. Belt popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Blach pitching for Giants. Albies struck out swinging. Acuña Jr. grounded out to third. Freeman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Sims pitching for Braves. Longoria struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Hanson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Blach pitching for Giants. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki popped out to second. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Sims pitching for Braves. Hernández struck out swinging. Blach grounded out to third. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Blach pitching for Giants. Camargo lined out to right. Culberson hit for Sims. Culberson flied out to center. Inciarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Carle pitching for Braves. McCutchen flied out to center. Posey grounded out to first. Belt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Blach pitching for Giants. Albies singled to center. Acuña Jr. grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Albies out at second. Freeman safe at first on error by center fielder Hernández. Markakis singled to center, Freeman to third. Gearrin pitching for Giants. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Tucker in right field. Minter pitching for Braves. Longoria grounded out to third. Crawford singled to left. Hanson lined out to center. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop, Crawford to second. Hundley hit for Gearrin. Hundley singled to left, Crawford scored, Hernández to third. Tomlinson hit for Blanco. Winkler pitching for Braves. Tomlinson flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Tomlinson at second base. Hanson in left field. Hundley catching. Moronta pitching for Giants. Bautista walked. Camargo walked, Bautista to second. Johnson pitching for Giants. Tucker flied out to center. Inciarte lined into double play, second to shortstop, Bautista doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 11 - Braves 2.	Posey, McCutchen help hot-hitting Giants beat Braves 11-2