Giants - Top 1st. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hernández reached on infield single to first. McCutchen lined out to right. Posey singled to right, Hernández to third. Belt flied out to right. Longoria doubled to deep left center, Hernández and Posey scored. Crawford flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Suarez pitching for Giants. Blackmon struck out looking. Cuevas singled to left. Arenado walked, Cuevas to second. Story homered to left (409 feet), Cuevas and Arenado scored. González grounded out to first. Desmond hit by pitch. Iannetta grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Williamson grounded out to second. Tomlinson struck out swinging. Suárez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Suarez pitching for Giants. McMahon singled to center. Bettis sacrificed to catcher, McMahon to second. Blackmon grounded out to shortstop, McMahon to third. Cuevas lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hernández homered to left (382 feet). McCutchen reached on infield single to third. Posey safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado, McCutchen to second. Belt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Posey out at second, McCutchen to third. Longoria grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Giants. Arenado grounded out to pitcher. Story safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria. González singled to right, Story to third. Desmond singled to center, Story scored, González to second. Iannetta struck out swinging. McMahon struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 4th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Crawford grounded out to first. Williamson grounded out to third. Tomlinson singled to right. Suárez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Bettis struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out looking. Cuevas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Hernández lined out to first. McCutchen flied out to center. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Suarez pitching for Giants. Arenado flied out to right. Story struck out looking. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Bettis pitching for Rockies. Belt singled to right. Longoria doubled to deep center, Belt scored. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Longoria out at second. Williamson struck out swinging. Tomlinson singled to left, Crawford to second. Sandoval hit for Suárez. Sandoval singled to left, Crawford scored, Tomlinson to third. Hernández flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Moronta pitching for Giants. Desmond safe at first on error by second baseman Tomlinson. Iannetta struck out swinging. Smith pitching for Giants. Desmond stole second, Desmond safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey. McMahon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Desmond out at home. Parra hit for Bettis. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. McCutchen struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to third. Belt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Smith pitching for Giants. Blackmon singled to center. Dyson pitching for Giants. Blackmon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cuevas struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Musgrave pitching for Rockies. Longoria flied out to right. Crawford lined out to second. Williamson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Blanco in left field. Watson pitching for Giants. Story singled to center. González singled to right, Story to third. Desmond hit sacrifice fly to right, Story scored. Iannetta lined into double play, pitcher to first, González out at first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Tomlinson grounded out to first. Blanco grounded out to second. Hernández walked. Hernández stole second. McCutchen walked. Posey hit by pitch, Hernández to third, McCutchen to second. Belt lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Watson pitching for Giants. McMahon struck out looking. Dahl hit for Davis. Dahl singled to left center. Blackmon lined out to left. Dahl stole second. Cuevas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 10th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Longoria singled to right center. Crawford singled to center, Longoria to second. Jackson hit for Watson. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Longoria out at third, Crawford to second. Tomlinson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson out at second, Crawford to third. Blanco grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Strickland pitching for Giants. Arenado walked. Story flied out to center, Arenado to second. González intentionally walked. Desmond singled to right, Arenado to third, González to second. Iannetta singled to center, Arenado scored, González to third, Desmond to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 5 - Rockies 6.	Iannetta drives in winning run in 10th, Rox beat Giants 6-5