Marlins - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Giants. Castro struck out looking. Anderson struck out swinging. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Tomlinson hit for Hanson. Urena pitching for Marlins. Tomlinson grounded out to second. Panik lined out to left. Belt singled to right center. Sandoval singled to left, Belt to third. Hundley popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Tomlinson at shortstop. Holland pitching for Giants. Maybin doubled to deep right. Bour walked. Brinson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bour out at second, Maybin to third. Rojas singled to left, Maybin scored. Riddle grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Williamson struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Giants. Ureña safe at first on error by catcher Hundley. Castro flied into double play, center to second to first, Ureña doubled off first. Anderson singled to center. Realmuto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Urena pitching for Marlins. Holland struck out swinging. Tomlinson grounded out to second. Panik grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Giants. Maybin singled to left. Bour grounded out to pitcher, Maybin to second. Brinson struck out swinging. Rojas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Belt singled to left center. Sandoval grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Belt out at second. Hundley singled to right. Williamson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Giants. Riddle grounded out to second. Ureña struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Pence struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Holland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Giants. Anderson singled to left. Realmuto struck out swinging. Maybin walked, Anderson to second. Bour grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Maybin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Urena pitching for Marlins. Tomlinson walked. Panik singled to right center, Tomlinson to second. Belt hit ground rule double to deep center, Tomlinson scored, Panik to third. Sandoval intentionally walked. Hundley struck out swinging. Williamson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Panik scored, Sandoval out at second, Belt to third. Pence singled to right, Belt scored, Williamson to third. Pence stole second. Hernández singled to right center, Williamson and Pence scored. Dietrich in left field. Conley pitching for Marlins. Holland lined out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Holland pitching for Giants. Brinson doubled to left. Rojas singled to right, Brinson to third. Watson pitching for Giants. Rivera hit for Riddle. Rivera hit sacrifice fly to center, Brinson scored. Dietrich singled to right, Rojas to second. Castro singled to left, Rojas scored, Dietrich to second. Anderson flied out to right, Dietrich to third. Realmuto popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Rojas at shortstop. Rivera at third base. Conley pitching for Marlins. Tomlinson grounded out to shortstop. Panik walked. Belt flied out to center. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Panik out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Blach pitching for Giants. Shuck hit for Conley. Shuck grounded out to second. Bour flied out to center. Brinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Shuck in center field. Guerrero pitching for Marlins. Hundley doubled to right center, Hundley to third on throwing error by center fielder Shuck. Williamson struck out swinging. Pence singled to shallow left, Hundley scored. Hernández fouled out to first. McCutchen hit for Blach. McCutchen batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Dyson pitching for Giants. Rojas singled to center. Rivera struck out swinging. Dietrich hit ground rule double to deep center, Rojas to third. Castro hit sacrifice fly to center, Rojas scored. Anderson singled to right, Dietrich scored. Realmuto singled to left, Anderson to second. Moronta pitching for Giants. Shuck struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 5 - Giants 6.	Giants hold off Marlins for 6-5 victory