Pirates - Top 1st. Holland pitching for Giants. Dickerson lined out to shortstop. Marte lined out to left. Frazier flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Holmes pitching for Pirates. McCutchen homered to right (384 feet). Posey reached on infield single to shortstop. Posey to second on passed ball by Cervelli. Longoria grounded out to second, Posey to third. Crawford walked. Slater singled to right, Posey scored, Crawford to second. Hanson singled to shallow right, Crawford scored, Slater to third. Hanson stole second. Panik popped out to third. Duggar intentionally walked. Holland lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for Giants. Freese doubled to deep center. Cervelli lined out to left. Bell reached on infield single to second, Freese to third. Harrison popped out to second. Mercer singled to left, Freese scored, Bell to second. Holmes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Holmes pitching for Pirates. McCutchen flied out to center. Posey singled to left. Longoria lined out to third. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for Giants. Dickerson grounded out to catcher. Marte struck out swinging. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Holmes pitching for Pirates. Slater walked. Hanson struck out swinging. Panik singled to right, Slater to second. Duggar flied out to left. Holland reached on infield single to second, Slater to third, Panik to second. McCutchen walked, Slater scored, Panik to third, Holland to second. Posey singled to center, Panik and Holland scored, McCutchen to third. Sadler pitching for Pirates. Longoria singled to right, McCutchen scored, Posey to second. Crawford walked, Posey to third, Longoria to second. Slater grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Holland pitching for Giants. Freese lined out to center. Cervelli singled to center. Bell singled to center, Cervelli to second. Harrison struck out swinging. Mercer doubled to right center, Cervelli scored, Bell to third. Sadler grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Sadler pitching for Pirates. Hanson singled to shallow right. Panik doubled to deep right, Hanson to third. Duggar doubled to right, Hanson and Panik scored. Holland flied out to left. McCutchen walked. Posey singled to center, Duggar scored, McCutchen to second. Longoria grounded into double play to shortstop, Posey out at second, McCutchen to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Holland pitching for Giants. Dickerson singled to left. Dickerson to second on passed ball by Posey. Marte grounded out to second. Frazier lined out to first. Freese singled to deep center, Dickerson scored. Cervelli lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Luplow in right field. Frazier in center field. Sadler pitching for Pirates. Crawford doubled to deep right center. Slater grounded out to second, Crawford to third. Hanson grounded out to second, Crawford scored. Panik struck out swinging, Panik safe at first on wild pitch by Sadler. Duggar flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Holland pitching for Giants. Bell doubled to deep left. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. Mercer grounded out to second, Bell to third. Sadler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Hechavarria at shortstop. Sadler pitching for Pirates. Holland struck out swinging. McCutchen walked. Posey grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Hundley catching. Holland pitching for Giants. Dickerson struck out swinging. Luplow walked. Frazier singled to right center, Luplow to second. Johnson pitching for Giants. Moran hit for Freese. Moran walked, Luplow to third, Frazier to second. Cervelli homered to left center (367 feet), Luplow, Frazier and Moran scored. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Harrison singled to center. Dyson pitching for Giants. Hechavarria singled to center, Harrison to second. Polanco hit for Sadler. Harrison to third, Hechavarria to second on wild pitch by Dyson. Polanco struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Moran at third base. Crick pitching for Pirates. Longoria hit by pitch. Crawford flied out to left. Slater struck out swinging. Longoria to second on wild pitch by Crick. Hanson doubled to right, Longoria scored. Panik walked. Hanson to third, Panik to second on wild pitch by Crick. Duggar grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. d'Arnaud at third base. Watson pitching for Giants. Dickerson flied out to left. Luplow singled to left. Frazier struck out swinging. Moran tripled to deep right center, Luplow scored. Cervelli singled to center, Moran scored. Bell flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Pirates. d'Arnaud flied out to left. McCutchen walked. Hundley walked, McCutchen to second. Hernández hit for Watson. Hernández walked, McCutchen to third, Hundley to second. Crawford struck out swinging. Slater singled to right, McCutchen scored, Hundley to third, Hernández to second. Hanson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Hernández in left field. Smith pitching for Giants. Harrison struck out swinging. Hechavarria homered to left (356 feet). Díaz hit for Rodríguez. Díaz flied out to right. Dickerson lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Giants 13.	Posey, McCutchen lead Giants past Pirates 13-10