Devil Rays - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Crawford singled to left . Crawford stole second . Zobrist struck out swinging . Baldelli flied out to left , Crawford to third . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Damon singled to right . Jeter flied out to right . Abreu singled to left center , Damon to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging , Damon stole third , Abreu stole second . Giambi singled to center , Damon and Abreu scored . Matsui walked , Giambi to second . Posada popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Young flied out to center . Iwamura safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Navarro popped out to shortstop . Dukes walked . Upton singled to center , Iwamura scored , Dukes to third , Upton to second advancing on throw . Crawford flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Cano struck out looking . Phelps walked . Damon popped out to first . Jeter hit by pitch , Phelps to second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Zobrist grounded out to shortstop . Baldelli fouled out to first . Wigginton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Giambi struck out looking . Matsui grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Young struck out swinging . Iwamura walked . Navarro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iwamura out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Posada homered to right center . Cano flied out to left . Phelps walked . Damon walked , Phelps to second . Jeter struck out looking . Abreu grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Dukes homered to center . Upton singled to center . Upton stole second . Crawford singled to right , Upton scored , Crawford to second on throwing error by first baseman Phelps . Zobrist bunt grounded out to catcher . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Baldelli singled to left , Crawford scored . Wigginton struck out swinging , Baldelli stole second . Young singled to left , Baldelli scored . Young caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Iwamura batting . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez flied out to right . Giambi grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera in center field . Henn pitching for Yankees . Matsui struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Henn pitching for Yankees . Iwamura singled to left . Navarro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Iwamura out at second . Dukes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Posada singled to left center . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Mientkiewicz hit for Phelps . Cano singled to right , Posada to second . Mientkiewicz sacrificed to pitcher , Posada to third , Cano to second . Cabrera hit by pitch . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter singled to center , Posada and Cano scored , Cabrera to second . Mientkiewicz at first base . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Abreu flied into double play , center to shortstop to second , Cabrera doubled off second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Upton flied out to center . Crawford flied out to left . Zobrist flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez singled to left center . Rodriguez stole second . Giambi singled to right , Rodriguez scored . Matsui flied out to left . Posada lined out to right . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Cano popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Baldelli struck out swinging . Wigginton singled to center . Young popped out to second . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Iwamura grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Mientkiewicz reached on infield single to second . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher , Mientkiewicz to second . Jeter grounded out to third . Abreu singled to left center , Mientkiewicz scored , Abreu to second advancing on throw . Rodriguez homered to center , Abreu scored . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Giambi flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Navarro struck out swinging . Dukes struck out swinging . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 5 - Yankees 9 .	Giambi , A - Rod lead Yankees