Devil Rays - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Angels . Baldelli flied out to center . Harris struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews singled to right center . Cabrera flied out to center . Guerrero grounded out to pitcher , Matthews to second . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Wigginton fouled out to first . Young singled to left . Pena struck out swinging . Dukes walked , Young to second . Navarro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Kotchman walked . Hillenbrand fouled out to first . Izturis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kotchman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Angels . Upton flied out to center . Baldelli struck out swinging . Harris singled to center . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Napoli struck out swinging . Aybar struck out swinging . Matthews struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Wigginton flied out to left . Young struck out swinging . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera fouled out to second . Guerrero grounded out to second . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Dukes flied out to center . Navarro doubled to center . Upton struck out looking . Baldelli singled to left , Navarro to third . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baldelli out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Kotchman safe at first on error by first baseman Pena . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop , Kotchman to second . Izturis flied out to left . Napoli lined out to left . Aybar reached on infield single to second , Kotchman to third , Hillenbrand to second , Kotchman scored , Hillenbrand to third on throwing error by second baseman Upton . Matthews doubled to deep center , Hillenbrand and Aybar scored . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Angels . Crawford singled to center . Wigginton flied out to left . Crawford stole second . Young singled to left , Crawford scored . Pena singled to center , Young to second . Dukes walked , Young to third , Pena to second . Navarro popped out to shortstop . Upton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Guerrero flied out to right . Anderson grounded out to second . Kotchman singled to center . Speier pitching for Angels . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Angels . Baldelli struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Izturis reached on bunt single to pitcher . Napoli reached on infield single to shortstop , Izturis to second . Aybar doubled to right , Izturis scored , Napoli to third . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Matthews safe at first on error by shortstop Harris , Napoli scored . Cabrera walked , Aybar to third , Matthews to second . Guerrero popped out to second . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Anderson doubled to deep center , Aybar and Matthews scored , Cabrera to third . Kotchman struck out swinging . Hillenbrand singled to center , Cabrera and Anderson scored . Willits in right field . Quinlan in left field . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Izturis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hillenbrand out at second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Angels . Wigginton lined out to left . Young doubled to deep left . Pena struck out swinging . Harris at second base . Gomes in left field . Zobrist at shortstop . Dukes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Napoli singled to left . Aybar flied out to right . Matthews walked , Napoli to second . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Cabrera grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matthews out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Bootcheck pitching for Angels . Navarro flied out to left . Cantu hit for Baldelli . Zobrist struck out looking . Cantu popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 1 - Angels 9 .	Lackey , Angels shut down bumbling Devil Rays