Twins - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Castillo reached on infield single to second . Punto walked , Castillo to second . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Punto out at second , Castillo to third . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center , Castillo scored . Hunter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Baldelli popped out to third . Dukes flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Kubel grounded out to second . Cirillo flied out to center . Tyner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Wigginton struck out looking . Upton hit by pitch . Pena safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Morneau , Upton to second . Upton to third , Pena to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Bartlett grounded out to second . Castillo flied out to center . Punto singled to center . Mauer walked , Punto to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Harris singled to right . Baldelli homered to left , Harris scored . Dukes singled to left . Crawford singled to right , Dukes to second . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Dukes to third , Crawford safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Ortiz . Upton singled to center , Dukes scored , Crawford to third , Wigginton to second . Pena hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter struck out swinging . Kubel singled to center . Cirillo popped out to second . Tyner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Harris singled to right center . Baldelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . Dukes fouled out to catcher . Crawford doubled to deep center , Baldelli scored . Wigginton grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Bartlett hit by pitch . Castillo reached on bunt single to catcher , Bartlett to second . Punto reached on bunt single to pitcher , Bartlett to third , Castillo to second . Mauer struck out swinging . Perkins pitching for Twins . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Punto out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Upton doubled to deep right , Upton to third on error by right fielder Tyner . Pena grounded out to pitcher . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Top 6th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter flied out to left . Kubel singled to right . Cirillo flied out to left . Tyner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Harris singled to right . Baldelli flied out to left . Young in right field . Dukes grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Bartlett struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to second . Punto reached on infield single to shortstop . Mauer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Crawford grounded out to second . Wigginton flied out to left . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Morneau struck out swinging . Hunter singled to right . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Kubel singled to left , Hunter to second . Rabe ran for Cirillo . Cirillo walked , Hunter to third , Kubel to second . Tyner hit sacrifice fly to center , Hunter scored . Bartlett singled to center , Kubel scored , Rabe to second . Castillo reached on infield single to second , Rabe to third , Bartlett to second . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Punto reached on infield single to shortstop , Rabe scored , Bartlett to third , Castillo to second . Crain pitching for Twins . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Pena homered to center . Young struck out looking . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Morneau popped out to third . Hunter flied out to right . Kubel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Devil Rays 6 .	Rays roll over Ortiz in big - hitting 3rd to top Twins