Mariners - Top 1st . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . Guillen singled to center . Sexson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Batista pitching for Mariners . Upton homered to left . Harris flied out to center . Crawford singled to right . Wigginton flied out to center . Pena doubled to deep right , Crawford to third . Norton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Beltre grounded out to third . Johjima grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Young singled to center . Navarro flied out to center . Wilson singled to center , Young to second . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second , Young to third . Upton stole second . Harris flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Ellison grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Batista pitching for Mariners . Crawford walked . Wigginton struck out swinging . Crawford caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Vidro struck out swinging . Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Wilson . Sexson walked , Guillen to second . Beltre struck out swinging . Johjima walked , Guillen to third , Sexson to second . Betancourt doubled to left , Guillen and Sexson scored , Johjima to third . Lopez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Norton flied out to right . Young singled to left . Navarro grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Ellison grounded out to second . Suzuki safe at first on error by second baseman Wigginton . Vidro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Wilson lined out to third . Upton struck out swinging . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Guillen singled to right . Guillen to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Sexson flied out to center . Beltre walked , Guillen stole third . Beltre batting . Johjima doubled to deep left , Guillen scored , Beltre to third . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Betancourt intentionally walked . Lopez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Betancourt out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Batista pitching for Mariners . Crawford fouled out to third . Wigginton struck out swinging . Pena singled to right . Norton walked , Pena to second . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Norton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Ellison singled to shallow center . Suzuki singled to center , Ellison to second . Vidro sacrificed to catcher , Ellison to third , Suzuki to second . Guillen singled to left , Ellison and Suzuki scored . Sexson flied out to right . Green pitching for Mariners . Beltre struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Green pitching for Mariners . Navarro struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Upton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt walked . Lopez flied out to center . Ellison struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Harris struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to center . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Suzuki grounded out to second . Vidro flied out to center . Guillen singled to left . Sexson singled to left , Guillen to second . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Pena struck out looking . Norton grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 5 - Devil Rays 1 .	Guillen 's big day helps Mariners down Devil Rays\r\n