Devil Rays - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dukes flied out to center . Upton reached on infield single to third . Crawford grounded out to first , Upton to second . Norton walked . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Rios struck out swinging . Wells doubled to left . Stairs struck out swinging . Thomas flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Wigginton grounded out to second . Young flied out to center . Casanova singled to right . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Glaus flied out to center . Hill doubled to left . Lind singled to left center , Hill scored . Lind caught stealing second , catcher to second . Fasano flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Dukes popped out to shortstop . Upton doubled to deep right . Crawford singled to center , Upton scored . Norton singled to right , Crawford to second . Pena doubled to right , Crawford scored , Norton to third . Wigginton grounded out to shortstop , Norton scored , Pena to third . Young doubled to deep left center , Pena scored . Casanova grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . McDonald grounded out to shortstop . Rios struck out swinging . Wells struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Harris singled to right . Dukes grounded out to shortstop , Harris to second . Upton homered to center , Harris scored . Crawford homered to right . Norton singled to center . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Pena singled to right , Norton to second . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pena out at second , Norton to third , Norton scored on throwing error by second baseman Hill . Young flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Stairs singled to right . Thomas singled to right center , Stairs to second . Glaus singled to left center , Stairs scored , Thomas to second . Hill struck out swinging . Lind homered to left , Thomas and Glaus scored . Fasano flied out to center . McDonald flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Casanova singled to deep right . Harris grounded into double play , third to second to first , Casanova out at second . Dukes popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Rios popped out to second . Wells flied out to left . Stairs safe at first on error by second baseman Upton . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stairs out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Wolfe pitching for Blue Jays . Upton singled to center . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford doubled to deep right , Upton scored . Norton struck out looking . Pena intentionally walked . Wigginton safe at second on error by shortstop McDonald , Crawford scored , Pena to third . Young struck out swinging . Casanova fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to third . Lind lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Harris grounded out to third . Dukes struck out looking . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Clark hit for McDonald . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Fasano doubled to deep left . Clark grounded out to second , Fasano to third . Rios grounded out to shortstop , Fasano scored . Clark at shortstop . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Wells flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Crawford struck out swinging , Crawford safe at first on passed ball by Fasano . Crawford stole second . Norton flied out to center , Crawford to third . Phillips catching . Pena hit by pitch . Wigginton struck out looking . Young singled to left , Crawford scored , Pena to second . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Casanova struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Stairs struck out swinging . Thomas grounded out to third . Glaus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Harris singled to left . Dukes flied out to center . Upton struck out swinging . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Crawford flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Orvella pitching for Devil Rays . Hill walked . Lind doubled to deep center , Hill scored . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Phillips doubled to deep center , Lind scored . Clark walked . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Clark out at second , Phillips to third . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Wells doubled to deep left center , Phillips and Rios scored . Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays . Stairs doubled to deep center , Wells scored . Thomas intentionally walked . Stairs to third , Thomas to second on passed ball by Casanova . Glaus intentionally walked . Hill walked , Stairs scored , Thomas to third , Glaus to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 11 - Blue Jays 12 .	Rays walk in winner to cap Jays ' 6 - run rally in 9th