Devil Rays - Top 1st . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Iwamura walked . Harris sacrificed to third , Iwamura to second . Crawford struck out swinging . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Taveras walked . Matsui doubled to right , Taveras to third . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton intentionally walked . Atkins popped out to second . Hawpe homered to right , Taveras , Matsui and Helton scored . Tulowitzki fouled out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Pena struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Torrealba popped out to shortstop . Hirsh struck out looking . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Casanova grounded out to second . Sonnanstine struck out looking . Iwamura walked . Harris doubled to deep left center , Iwamura scored . Crawford walked . Wigginton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui popped out to shortstop . Holliday singled to center . Helton flied out to left . Atkins homered to left , Holliday scored . Hawpe singled to center . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Pena homered to left . Young reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomes tripled to deep right center , Young scored . Casanova grounded out to shortstop , Gomes scored . Sonnanstine grounded out to second . Iwamura grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Torrealba popped out to shortstop . Hirsh struck out swinging . Taveras homered to left . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Hirsh pitching for Rockies . Harris homered to center . Crawford flied out to left . Wigginton singled to center . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Pena walked , Wigginton to second . Young lined out to left . Gomes popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Holliday struck out swinging . Helton struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Dukes hit for Sonnanstine . Buchholz pitching for Rockies . Casanova reached on infield single to shortstop . Dukes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casanova out at second . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Iwamura lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Hawpe walked . Tulowitzki singled to right center , Hawpe to second . Spilborghs hit for Buchholz . Torrealba grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki out at second , Hawpe to third . Spilborghs singled to left , Hawpe scored , Torrealba to second . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Spilborghs out at second , Torrealba to third . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Matsui flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Harris singled to right . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harris out at second . Wigginton doubled to right . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Holliday singled to center . Helton walked , Holliday to second . Atkins singled to right center , Holliday scored , Helton to second . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Hawpe flied out to center , Atkins and Helton scored on throwing error by center fielder Young . Tulowitzki grounded out to first . Julio pitching for Rockies . Torrealba flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Julio pitching for Rockies . Young struck out swinging . Gomes fouled out to first . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Sullivan hit for Julio . Casanova grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Sullivan singled to right . Taveras grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sullivan out at second . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Sullivan in center field . Cantu hit for Stokes . Matsui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Taveras out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Cantu flied out to center . Iwamura struck out swinging . Harris walked . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 5 - Rockies 10 .	Rockies continue power trip , climb above .500