Devil Rays - Top 1st . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura struck out swinging . Harris struck out swinging . Norton walked . Wigginton hit by pitch , Norton to second . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Byrnes doubled to right . Drew flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to first , Byrnes to third . Tracy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Young doubled to deep left . Gomes flied out to center . Casanova grounded out to shortstop , Young to third . Shields grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Clark singled to left . Young flied out to center . Quentin struck out swinging . Montero flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Iwamura walked . Iwamura stole second , Iwamura safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero . Harris struck out swinging . Norton struck out swinging . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Owings singled to left . Byrnes singled to center , Owings to third , Byrnes to second advancing on throw . Drew grounded out to first . Hudson struck out swinging . Tracy homered to right , Owings and Byrnes scored . Clark singled to right . Young struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Pena flied out to right . Young flied out to right . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop . Montero singled to left , Quentin to second . Owings struck out swinging . Byrnes homered to center , Quentin and Montero scored . Drew singled to right . Hudson grounded out to second , Drew to second . Tracy flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Casanova grounded out to second . Shields singled to right . Iwamura doubled to deep right , Shields to third . Harris safe at first on error by third baseman Tracy . Norton singled to center , Shields scored , Iwamura to third , Harris to second . Wigginton grounded into double play , third to second to first , Norton out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Devil Rays . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Young popped out to second . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Owings pitching for Diamondbacks . Pena homered to right . Young flied out to right . Gomes grounded out to third . Crawford hit for Shields . Casanova tripled to deep center . Crawford reached on infield single to third , Casanova scored . Byrnes in right field . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston in left field . Iwamura tripled to deep right , Crawford scored . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Harris struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Montero singled to right . Hairston lined out to left . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Byrnes singled to center , Montero to second . Drew flied out to right , Montero to third . Hudson singled to left , Montero scored , Byrnes to second . Byrnes to third , Hudson to second on wild pitch by Fossum . Tracy flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Pena pitching for Diamondbacks . Norton flied out to center . Wigginton struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Ojeda hit for Pena . Young grounded out to third . Ojeda singled to center . Montero singled to right , Ojeda to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Ojeda at third base . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ojeda out at third , Montero to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Young singled to center . Gomes flied out to right . Casanova grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Fossum pitching for Devil Rays . Byrnes grounded out to pitcher . Drew struck out swinging . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cantu hit for Fossum . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cantu struck out swinging . Iwamura flied out to center . Harris struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Diamondbacks 7 .	Tracy , Byrnes provide power behind D - backs ' win