Devil Rays - Top 1st . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Iwamura flied out to left . Harris struck out swinging . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Damon walked . Damon stole second . Jeter singled to center , Damon to third . Abreu doubled to deep center , Damon and Jeter scored . Rodriguez doubled to deep right , Abreu scored . Matsui popped out to first . Phillips singled to left , Rodriguez to third . Cano grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Phillips out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Pena singled to right . Young flied out to center . Wigginton flied out to right . Gomes singled to right center , Pena to third . Gomes stole second . Navarro walked . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop , Pena and Gomes scored , Navarro to second . Iwamura flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera doubled to left . Nieves sacrificed to third , Cabrera to third . Damon grounded out to first , Cabrera scored . Jeter safe at first on error by third baseman Iwamura . Abreu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Harris flied out to right . Upton struck out looking . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez doubled to deep left . Matsui popped out to second . Phillips flied out to left . Cano singled to left center , Rodriguez scored . Cabrera singled to center , Cano to second . Nieves doubled to deep center , Cano and Cabrera scored . Damon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Young doubled to right . Wigginton grounded out to pitcher . Gomes flied out to right . Navarro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Abreu lined out to right . Rodriguez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . DeSalvo pitching for Yankees . Wilson walked . Iwamura singled to right , Wilson to second . Harris popped out to first . Wilson to third , Iwamura to second on passed ball by Nieves . Upton singled to left , Wilson and Iwamura scored . Pena flied out to right . Young singled to right , Upton to second . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Upton to third , Young to second on wild pitch by Bruney . Wigginton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Howell pitching for Devil Rays . Matsui grounded out to first . Phillips struck out looking . Cano singled to center , Cano out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Bruney pitching for Yankees . Gomes doubled to left . Navarro reached on bunt single to second , Gomes to third . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to right , Gomes scored , Navarro to second on error by catcher Nieves . Myers pitching for Yankees . Iwamura struck out swinging . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Harris lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Cabrera singled to center . Nieves sacrificed to pitcher , Cabrera to second , Nieves safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Witasick . Cabrera to third on throwing error by pitcher Witasick . Damon doubled to left , Cabrera and Nieves scored . Jeter grounded out to shortstop , Damon to third . Abreu singled to right , Damon scored . Rodriguez homered to left center , Abreu scored . Matsui walked . Phillips singled to right center , Matsui to third . Cano grounded out to pitcher , Phillips to second . Cabrera flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Yankees . Upton flied out to left . Pena grounded out to second . Young grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Nieves doubled to deep right . Damon hit ground rule double to left , Nieves scored . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Cairo ran for Jeter . Abreu walked , Damon to third , Cairo to second . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Damon scored , Cairo to third . Matsui homered to right , Cairo and Abreu scored . Phillips grounded out to second . Cano singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Cairo at shortstop . Duncan at first base . Phillips at third base . Villone pitching for Yankees . Wigginton singled to left . Gomes singled to center , Wigginton to second . Navarro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomes out at second , Wigginton to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Nieves grounded out to second . Damon flied out to left . Cairo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Villone pitching for Yankees . Iwamura lined out to center . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Upton lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 5 - Yankees 17 .	A - Rod 's 4 RBIs power Yankees to sweep of Rays