Devil Rays - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Iwamura struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center . Upton grounded out to pitcher , Crawford to second . Pena walked . Young lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Catalanotto singled to right . Kinsler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Catalanotto out at second . Young grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Harris grounded out to second . Gomes popped out to second . Navarro reached on infield single to second . Zobrist grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Byrd flied out to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Botts reached on infield single to shortstop . Laird flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Iwamura struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to right . Upton singled to right . Pena walked , Upton to second . Young popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Saltalamacchia grounded out to first . Vazquez walked . Catalanotto flied out to left . Kinsler singled to right , Vazquez to third . Young doubled to right center , Vazquez and Kinsler scored . Byrd struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Harris flied out to left . Gomes flied out to left . Navarro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Cruz struck out swinging . Botts grounded out to third . Laird grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Rangers . Zobrist safe at first on error by first baseman Saltalamacchia . Iwamura grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Zobrist out at second . Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop , Iwamura to second . Upton singled to left , Iwamura to third , Crawford to second . Pena walked , Iwamura scored , Crawford to third , Upton to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to right , Crawford scored , Upton to third . Harris singled to right , Upton scored , Pena to third . Wood pitching for Rangers . Gomes lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Saltalamacchia doubled to deep right . Vazquez reached on bunt single to third , Saltalamacchia to third . Catalanotto homered to right , Saltalamacchia and Vazquez scored . Kinsler safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Sonnanstine . Young lined out to center . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Kinsler stole second . Byrd struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Wood pitching for Rangers . Navarro doubled to deep left center . Zobrist flied out to center , Navarro to third . Iwamura grounded out to first , Navarro scored . Crawford grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Botts flied out to center . Laird safe at first on error by third baseman Iwamura . Saltalamacchia singled to shallow left , Laird to second . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Vazquez walked , Laird to third , Saltalamacchia to second . Catalanotto singled to left , Laird and Saltalamacchia scored , Vazquez to second . Kinsler grounded out to catcher , Vazquez to third , Catalanotto to second . Young struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Rangers . Upton grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to second . Young singled to right . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Byrd struck out swinging . Cruz struck out looking . Botts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Francisco pitching for Rangers . Murphy in left field . Wilkerson at first base . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro singled to right . Zobrist struck out looking . Navarro to second on wild pitch by Francisco . Iwamura walked . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Laird struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Vazquez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Rangers . Upton flied out to right . Pena struck out swinging . Young lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 4 - Rangers 7 .	Catalanotto 's hits fuel Rangers ' win vs. D - Rays