Devil Rays - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Iwamura flied out to right . Crawford struck out swinging . Pena singled to right . Upton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Ellsbury struck out swinging , Ellsbury safe at first on passed ball by Navarro . Pedroia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ellsbury out at second . Ortiz walked . Lowell singled to center , Ortiz to second . Drew struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Young struck out swinging . Harris homered to left . Gomes singled to left . Gomes stole second . Navarro singled to left , Gomes scored . Wilson doubled to left center , Navarro to third . Iwamura singled to right , Navarro scored , Wilson to third . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson scored , Iwamura out at second . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Youkilis flied out to right . Crisp grounded out to second . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Upton flied out to right . Young singled to center . Harris struck out swinging . Young stole second . Gomes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Cash struck out looking . Ellsbury homered to right . Pedroia reached on infield single to third . Ortiz grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Pedroia out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Navarro hit ground rule double to left . Wilson singled to right , Navarro to third . Iwamura doubled to right , Navarro scored , Wilson to third . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to first . Pena homered to center , Wilson and Iwamura scored . Upton struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Sonnanstine pitching for Devil Rays . Lowell singled to center . Drew singled to left , Lowell to second . Youkilis flied out to right . Crisp singled to right center , Lowell to third , Drew to second . Lugo singled to left , Lowell scored , Drew to third , Crisp to second . Cash singled to right , Drew and Crisp scored , Lugo to third . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Ellsbury walked , Cash to second . Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to center , Lugo scored , Cash to third , Ellsbury to second on error by catcher Navarro . Ortiz flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Snyder pitching for Red Sox . Harris grounded out to first . Gomes struck out swinging . Navarro walked . Wilson walked , Navarro to second . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Iwamura doubled to right center , Navarro scored , Wilson to third . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Lowell reached on infield single to shortstop . Drew singled to center , Lowell to second . Youkilis walked , Lowell to third , Drew to second . Crisp hit sacrifice fly to center , Lowell scored . Lugo doubled to left , Drew scored , Youkilis to third . Cash hit sacrifice fly to right , Youkilis scored . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Red Sox . Pena singled to center . Corey pitching for Red Sox . Upton struck out swinging . Young grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Switzer pitching for Devil Rays . Pedroia homered to left . Ortiz singled to left . Balfour pitching for Devil Rays . Lowell singled to deep left , Ortiz to second . Drew walked , Ortiz to third , Lowell to second . Youkilis tripled to deep center , Ortiz , Lowell and Drew scored . Crisp doubled to right , Youkilis scored . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Lugo flied out to center , Crisp to third . Cash grounded out to second . Ellsbury singled to left , Crisp scored . Pedroia popped out to first . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Harris lined out to right . Gomes struck out looking . Navarro reached on infield single to second . Wilson singled to center , Navarro to third . Iwamura grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Ortiz homered to right . Lowell flied out to center . Drew homered to center . Youkilis doubled to deep center . Crisp grounded out to second , Youkilis to third . Lugo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Crawford grounded out to pitcher . Pena struck out swinging . Upton hit ground rule double to deep center . Young flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Witasick pitching for Devil Rays . Cash grounded out to third . Ellsbury grounded out to third . Pedroia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Moss in right field . Gagne pitching for Red Sox . Harris singled to center . Norton hit for Gomes . Norton flied out to center . Harris to second on fielder 's indifference . Navarro singled to left , Harris scored . Wilson flied out to center . Navarro to second on fielder 's indifference . Iwamura struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 10 - Red Sox 16 .	Red Sox overcome 7 - run deficit to beat Devil Rays