Nationals - Top 1st . Seo pitching for Mets . Wilkerson fouled out to catcher . Vidro reached on infield single to third . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Woodward grounded out to second . Cairo doubled to deep center . Beltran walked . Piazza lined into double play , shortstop to second , Cairo doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Seo pitching for Mets . Johnson grounded out to first . Baerga grounded out to second . Schneider flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Floyd struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz flied out to center . Wright grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Seo pitching for Mets . Blanco flied out to right . Guzman bunt popped out foul to first . Ohka grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Diaz singled to right . Seo walked , Diaz to second . Woodward bunt popped out foul to catcher . Cairo flied out to center . Beltran reached on infield single to first , Diaz to third , Seo to second . Piazza grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Seo pitching for Mets . Wilkerson flied out to left . Vidro struck out swinging . Guillen safe at first on error by shortstop Woodward . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 4th . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Floyd singled to left . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Floyd to second . Wright walked , Floyd to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Diaz doubled to deep center , Floyd and Mientkiewicz scored , Wright to third . Seo struck out swinging . Woodward singled to left , Wright and Diaz scored , Woodward to second advancing on throw . Cairo grounded out to shortstop , Woodward to third . Beltran intentionally walked . Piazza popped out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Seo pitching for Mets . Baerga grounded out to second . Schneider singled to right . Blanco popped out to shortstop . Sledge hit for Majewski . Guzman singled to center , Schneider to second . Horgan pitching for Nationals . Sledge flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Horgan pitching for Nationals . Floyd singled to center . Floyd to second on wild pitch by Horgan . Mientkiewicz walked . Wright doubled to left , Floyd scored , Mientkiewicz to third . Diaz doubled to right , Mientkiewicz scored , Wright to third . Seo singled to center , Wright and Diaz scored . Woodward singled to center , Seo to second . Cairo safe at first on error by third baseman Baerga , Seo scored , Woodward to second . Beltran doubled to deep left , Woodward scored , Cairo to third . Piazza grounded into fielder 's choice to third . Floyd struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz struck out swinging . Wright struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Carroll hit for Vidro . Seo pitching for Mets . Wilkerson flied out to center . Davis hit for Guillen . Carroll singled to center . Davis struck out looking . Johnson singled to center , Carroll to third . Baerga singled to right , Carroll scored , Johnson to third . Carroll at second base . Davis in right field . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Bennett catching . Schneider struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Anderson hit for Seo . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Diaz singled to deep center . Anderson grounded out to first , Diaz to second . Valent in center field . Castro catching . Koo pitching for Mets . Anderson in left field . Woodward lined into double play , left to second , Diaz doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Koo pitching for Mets . Blanco hit ground rule double to deep right . Guzman singled to right center , Blanco to third , Guzman to second on throwing error by right fielder Diaz . Bennett hit sacrifice fly to left , Blanco scored , Guzman to third . Wilkerson hit by pitch . Carroll hit sacrifice fly to left , Guzman scored , Wilkerson to second . Davis singled to center , Wilkerson scored . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Cairo flied out to center . Valent flied out to center . Aybar pitching for Mets . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Church hit for Carrasco . Aybar pitching for Mets . Baerga struck out swinging . Church flied out to center . Blanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Matsui hit for Aybar . Guzman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Matsui singled to center . Mientkiewicz popped out to shortstop . Wright singled to left , Matsui to second . Diaz walked , Matsui to third , Wright to second . Anderson flied out to right . Bell pitching for Mets . Woodward flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Bell pitching for Mets . Bennett flied out to right . Wilkerson doubled to deep left . Carroll singled to left , Wilkerson scored . Davis walked , Carroll to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Baerga grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Mets 10 .	Seo , Diaz help Mets hand Nats third straight loss