Marlins - Top 1st . Benson pitching for Mets . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Castillo sacrificed to catcher , Pierre to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . Delgado intentionally walked . Encarnacion singled to left center , Pierre scored , Delgado to second . Easley flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Cameron flied out to center . Beltran doubled to right . Floyd intentionally walked . Piazza walked , Beltran to third , Floyd to second . Anderson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Benson pitching for Mets . Gonzalez flied out to center . Treanor flied out to right . Moehler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Wright grounded out to third . Offerman struck out looking . Benson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Benson pitching for Mets . Pierre flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to second . Cabrera fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Reyes singled to center . Cameron lined out to shortstop . Beltran grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Benson pitching for Mets . Delgado grounded out to second . Encarnacion reached on bunt single to pitcher . Easley grounded out to third , Encarnacion to second . Gonzalez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Floyd hit by pitch . Piazza grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Floyd out at second . Anderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Benson pitching for Mets . Treanor popped out to second . Moehler grounded out to shortstop . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Wright doubled to deep center . Offerman flied out to right , Wright to third . Benson singled to left , Wright scored . Reyes singled to right , Benson to third . Cameron flied out to right . Beltran doubled to deep right , Benson and Reyes scored . Floyd grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Benson pitching for Mets . Castillo singled to center . Cabrera singled to right center , Castillo to second , Castillo to third on error by right fielder Cameron . Delgado reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion singled to right , Castillo scored , Cabrera to third , Delgado to second . Easley grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cabrera scored , Encarnacion out at second , Delgado to third . Lo Duca hit for Treanor . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Delgado scored , Easley out at second . Gonzalez stole second . Gonzalez stole third . Lo Duca singled to right , Gonzalez scored . Lo Duca catching . Moehler struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 6th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Piazza grounded out to third . Anderson singled to center . Wright singled to right , Anderson to second . Daubach hit for Benson . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Cairo hit for Daubach . Offerman singled to left , Anderson to third , Wright to second . Bell pitching for Mets . Cairo grounded into double play , third to first , Wright out at third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Mets . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo walked . Cabrera struck out looking . Mota pitching for Marlins . Delgado popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Reyes flied out to center . Cameron flied out to right . Beltran popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Bell pitching for Mets . Encarnacion singled to right . Easley sacrificed to first , Encarnacion to second . Gonzalez flied out to left . Lo Duca intentionally walked . Mota struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Floyd flied out to right . Piazza struck out swinging . Ring pitching for Mets . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Ring pitching for Mets . Pierre singled to right . Castillo sacrificed to first , Pierre to second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Pierre stole third . Graves pitching for Mets . Delgado walked , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion hit by pitch , Pierre scored , Cabrera to third , Delgado to second . Easley batting . Gonzalez reached on infield single to second , Cabrera scored , Delgado to third , Encarnacion to second . Jones pitching for Marlins . Lo Duca grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Wright safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Williams hit for Graves . Offerman flied out to right . Williams grounded out to third , Wright to second . Reyes lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 7 - Mets 3 .	Beltran 's no - hustle play lowlights Mets ' loss to Marlins