Mets - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes grounded out to first . Matsui walked . Beltran grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Matsui out at second . Floyd grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltran out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Seo pitching for Mets . Counsell flied out to right . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez singled to center . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright walked . Wright to second on wild pitch by Ortiz . Diaz doubled to right , Wright scored . Diaz stole third . Jacobs homered to right , Diaz scored . Castro walked . Seo sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to second . Reyes walked . Matsui singled to center , Castro to third , Reyes to second . Beltran grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to pitcher , Castro and Reyes scored , Matsui out at second . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Seo pitching for Mets . Tracy lined out to first . Cintron struck out swinging . Jackson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Floyd fouled out to catcher . Wright doubled to deep left . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wright out at third . Jacobs doubled to deep right center , Diaz scored . Castro intentionally walked . Seo doubled to right , Jacobs scored , Castro thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Seo pitching for Mets . Stinnett popped out to shortstop . Ortiz grounded out to second . Counsell lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Reyes tripled to right . Matsui grounded out to second . Beltran hit sacrifice fly to right , Reyes scored . Floyd grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Seo pitching for Mets . Clayton grounded out to third . Gonzalez reached on infield single to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Green grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright singled to left . Diaz struck out swinging . Jacobs walked , Wright to second . Castro doubled to deep left , Wright and Jacobs scored . Seo walked . Reyes homered to right , Castro and Seo scored . Matsui singled to center . Matsui to second on wild pitch by Aquino . Beltran grounded out to first , Matsui to third . Floyd grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Seo pitching for Mets . Tracy singled to left . Cintron flied out to right . Jackson singled to left , Tracy to second . McCracken hit for Aquino . Stinnett popped out to shortstop . Groom pitching for Diamondbacks . McCracken lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Groom pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright homered to center . Diaz grounded out to third . Jacobs singled to right . Castro hit ground rule double to deep left , Jacobs to third . Seo grounded out to second , Jacobs scored , Castro to third . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop , Castro scored . Woodward hit for Beltran . Matsui singled to right , Reyes to third . Woodward in left field . Williams in center field . Woodward grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Seo pitching for Mets . Counsell struck out swinging . Clayton flied out to right . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Green in right field . Tracy in left field . Terrero in center field . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Williams grounded out to third . Wright homered to right center . Diaz doubled to left . Jacobs flied out to center , Diaz to third . Castro grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Seo pitching for Mets . Green flied out to center . Tracy popped out to second . Cintron singled to center . Cintron to second on wild pitch by Seo . Jackson singled to center , Cintron scored . Stinnett doubled to deep center , Jackson scored . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Offerman hit for Seo . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Offerman grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to catcher . Matsui hit by pitch . Woodward singled to center , Matsui to second . DiFelice catching . Heilman pitching for Mets . Williams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Counsell grounded out to second . Clark hit for Worrell . Clayton safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Matsui . Clark struck out swinging . Green homered to left center , Clayton scored . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright flied out to right . Diaz struck out swinging . Jacobs homered to right center . DiFelice struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Cintron flied out to right . Jackson grounded out to third . Stinnett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 18 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Mets bully Diamondacks for second straight night