Mets - Top 1st . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Reyes grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Beltran struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop . Lofton singled to left , Rollins to second . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lofton out at second , Rollins to third . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to right , Rollins scored . Burrell struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Floyd homered to right . Wright reached on infield single to second . Jacobs hit by pitch , Wright to second . Castro grounded into double play , third to second to first , Jacobs out at second , Wright to third . Cairo singled to left , Wright scored . Trachsel grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cairo out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Howard struck out swinging . Bell singled to center . Lieberthal popped out to second . Padilla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Anderson flied out to right . Beltran walked . Beltran to second on passed ball by Lieberthal . Floyd intentionally walked . Wright struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Rollins walked . Lofton singled to center , Rollins to second . Utley homered to right , Rollins and Lofton scored . Abreu singled to center . Burrell flied out to center . Howard walked , Abreu to second . Bell singled to left , Abreu to third , Howard to second . Lieberthal singled to left , Abreu scored , Howard to third , Bell to second . Padilla struck out swinging . Rollins grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Jacobs struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . Cairo singled to right . Trachsel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Lofton struck out looking . Utley flied out to left . Abreu safe at first on error by pitcher Trachsel . Burrell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 5th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Reyes grounded out to first . Anderson homered to right . Beltran struck out swinging . Floyd walked . Wright lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Trachsel pitching for Mets . Howard tripled to deep center . Bell hit sacrifice fly to left , Howard scored . Lieberthal reached on infield single to third . Padilla sacrificed to pitcher , Lieberthal to second . Ishii pitching for Mets . Rollins walked . Lofton singled to right , Lieberthal scored , Rollins to third , Lofton out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Jacobs popped out to third . Castro reached on infield single to third . Cairo flied out to right . Ishii struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Ishii pitching for Mets . Utley walked . Graves pitching for Mets . Abreu doubled to left , Utley to third . Burrell struck out swinging . Howard intentionally walked . Bell singled to center , Utley scored , Abreu to third , Howard to second . Lieberthal struck out swinging . Padilla walked , Abreu scored , Howard to third , Bell to second . Rollins popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Padilla pitching for Phillies . Reyes flied out to right . Anderson homered to right . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Beltran singled to right . Madson pitching for Phillies . Floyd struck out swinging . Wright homered to left , Beltran scored . Bell pitching for Mets . Woodward at first base . Jacobs grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Bell pitching for Mets . Lofton lined out to left . Utley singled to center . Abreu struck out swinging . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Urbina pitching for Phillies . Castro fouled out to catcher . Cairo doubled to deep left . Woodward struck out looking . Reyes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Bell pitching for Mets . Howard struck out swinging . Bell singled to center . Tucker hit for Urbina . Lieberthal singled to center , Bell to third . Hamulack pitching for Mets . Michaels hit for Tucker . Michaels hit sacrifice fly to left , Bell scored , Lieberthal to second on throwing error by left fielder Floyd . Rollins intentionally walked . Lofton singled to center , Lieberthal to third , Rollins to second . Victorino hit for Abreu . Utley singled to left , Lieberthal and Rollins scored , Lofton to second , Lofton scored on error by second baseman Cairo . Victorino homered to left , Utley scored . Burrell homered to center . Victorino in right field . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Michaels in left field . Matsui hit for Anderson . Howard grounded out to first . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Matsui popped out to first . Diaz hit for Floyd . Beltran struck out swinging . Diaz fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Phillies 16 .	Phillies keep slim playoff hopes alive