Red Sox - Top 1st. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury singled to right. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia walked. Ellsbury picked off second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Pedroia stole second. Youkilis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Escobar walked. Patterson singled to center, Escobar to second. Bautista walked, Escobar to third, Patterson to second. Encarnacion walked, Escobar scored, Patterson to third, Bautista to second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Patterson scored, Encarnacion out at second, Bautista to third. Rivera pops into force out, first baseman Gonzalez to shortstop Lowrie. Bautista scores. Hill out at 2nd. Rivera to 1st. Arencibia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz doubled to right center. Drew singled to shallow left, Ortiz to third. Lowrie struck out swinging. Crawford singled to right, Ortiz scored, Drew to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ellsbury flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. McDonald flied out to left. Davis flied out to right. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia lined out to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Patterson singled to shallow center. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnacion hit ground rule double to left, Patterson to third. Hill popped out to shortstop. Rivera walked. Arencibia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz homered to center (444 feet). Drew fouled out to third. Lowrie grounded out to shortstop. Crawford safe at first on error by first baseman Encarnacion. Saltalamacchia walked, Crawford to second. Ellsbury singled to left, Crawford thrown out at home, Saltalamacchia to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. McDonald flied out to center. Davis tripled to deep left center. Davis caught stealing home, catcher to third. Escobar reached on infield single to second. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Drabek pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia walked. Gonzalez homered to left (404 feet), Pedroia scored. Youkilis flied out to center. Ortiz singled to center. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. Lowrie flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Bautista homered to left (365 feet). Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Rivera flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Ellsbury struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Arencibia homered to left (390 feet). McDonald walked. Davis struck out swinging. Escobar hit by pitch, McDonald to second. Hill pitching for Red Sox. Cooper ran for Escobar. Patterson flied out to center, McDonald to third. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cooper out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Cooper at first base. Encarnacion at third base. McDonald at shortstop. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia singled to shallow center. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second, Pedroia to third. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Hill pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion lined out to third. Hill struck out swinging. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Rivera hit by pitch. Arencibia walked, Rivera to second. McDonald walked, Rivera to third, Arencibia to second. Davis lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays. Drew struck out swinging. Lowrie doubled to deep center. Iglesias ran for Lowrie. Crawford grounded out to first, Iglesias to third. Saltalamacchia singled to shallow left, Iglesias scored. Ellsbury singled to center, Saltalamacchia to second. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald ran for Saltalamacchia. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, McDonald out at third, Ellsbury to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Iglesias at shortstop. Varitek catching. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Cooper homered to right center (402 feet). Patterson struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to right. Encarnacion fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez homered to left (383 feet). Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Drew singled to right. Iglesias struck out swinging, Iglesias safe at first on wild pitch by Francisco, Drew to second. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to third. Arencibia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 10th. Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek flied out to left. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia singled to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. McDonald struck out looking. Davis singled to shallow center. Davis stole second. Davis stole third. Cooper hit sacrifice fly to center, Davis scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Blue Jays 7.	Red Sox fall in 10th \n