Red Sox - Top 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Youkilis singled to left, Gonzalez scored. Ortiz flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Escobar singled to center. Patterson bunt popped out to pitcher, Escobar to second on throwing error by pitcher Lackey. Bautista fouled out to first. Rivera fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Drew singled to center. Crawford popped out to second. Saltalamacchia grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Hill flied out to right. Arencibia grounded out to second. Cooper hit by pitch. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cooper out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Iglesias grounded out to shortstop. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Davis singled to left. Escobar walked, Davis to second. Patterson singled to right, Davis scored, Escobar to third. Patterson stole second. Bautista walked. Rivera struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to third, Escobar scored, Patterson to third, Bautista to second. Arencibia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis popped out to shortstop. Ortiz popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cooper flied out to right. McDonald homered to left (353 feet). Davis singled to center. Davis stole second. Davis stole third. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center, Davis scored. Patterson lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Drew walked. Crawford singled to left, Drew to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford out at second, Drew to third. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Bautista popped out to third. Rivera lined out to center. Hill singled to right. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia struck out looking. Gonzalez homered to left (372 feet). Youkilis grounded out to third. Ortiz homered to righ (380 feet)t. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Drew flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cooper grounded out to second. McDonald popped out to shortstop. Davis singled to left. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford singled to left center. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Crawford caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Iglesias struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Patterson walked. Bautista singled to deep left, Patterson to second. Rivera flied out to left. Hill lined out to left. Arencibia walked, Patterson to third, Bautista to second. Cooper walked, Patterson scored, Bautista to third, Arencibia to second. McDonald doubled to left, Bautista and Arencibia scored, Cooper to third. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Davis singled to left, Cooper and McDonald scored. Escobar struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Rauch pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Patterson doubled to deep right. Bautista struck out looking. Rivera reached on infield single to shortstop. Hill flied out to right, Patterson to third. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis walked. Ortiz grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Youkilis out at second. Drew walked. Drew to second on fielder's indifference. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 3 - Blue Jays 9.	Blue Jays shellac struggling Lackey, Red Sox