Red Sox - Top 1st. Talbot pitching for Indians. Ellsbury singled to center. Ellsbury stole second. Pedroia homered to left center (396 feet), Ellsbury scored. Gonzalez singled to right. Ortiz reached on infield single to pitcher, Gonzalez to second. Lowrie grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ortiz out at second, Gonzalez to third. Crawford singled to left center, Gonzalez scored, Lowrie to second. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Lowrie to third, Crawford to second, Lowrie scored, Crawford to third, Saltalamacchia to second on error by right fielder Choo. Cameron hit sacrifice fly to left, Crawford scored. Sutton singled to center, Saltalamacchia scored. Ellsbury singled to center, Sutton to second. Pedroia singled to left, Sutton scored, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 7 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Brantley struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. Choo singled to right. Duncan singled to left, Choo to second. LaPorta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Ortiz grounded out to second. Lowrie grounded out to first. Crawford doubled to deep right center, Crawford to third on error by right fielder Choo. Saltalamacchia walked. Cameron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Kearns struck out swinging. Hannahan grounded out to first. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Talbot pitching for Indians. Sutton doubled to deep left. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia lined out to left. Gonzalez singled to deep right, Sutton scored, Ellsbury to third. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Everett popped out to second. Brantley struck out looking. Cabrera lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Lowrie fouled out to third. Crawford homered to right (373 feet). Saltalamacchia flied out to center. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Choo struck out swinging. Duncan grounded out to third. LaPorta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Sutton doubled to deep right. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Kearns popped out to second. Hannahan grounded out to second. Marson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Herrmann pitching for Indians. Ortiz homered to right (406 feet). Lowrie walked. Crawford doubled to deep left center, Lowrie to third. Saltalamacchia homered to right center (375 feet), Lowrie and Crawford scored. Cameron doubled to deep center. Sutton flied out to left. Durbin pitching for Indians. Ellsbury doubled to left center, Cameron scored. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. McDonald in left field. Lester pitching for Red Sox. Everett popped out to second. Carrera hit for Brantley. Carrera struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to right. Choo walked. Buck ran for Choo. Duncan grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Carrera in center field. Cabrera at second base. Buck in right field. Everett at shortstop. Sipp pitching for Indians. Ortiz popped out to third. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. McDonald popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. LaPorta grounded out to third. Kearns grounded out to third. Hannahan hit ground rule double to right. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Smith pitching for Indians. Saltalamacchia grounded out to second. Cameron singled to left. Sutton flied out to left. Ellsbury walked, Cameron to second. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Everett singled to center. Carrera struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. Buck hit ground rule double to deep right, Everett to third. Duncan singled to left, Everett and Buck scored. LaPorta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Pestano pitching for Indians. Gonzalez lined out to center. Ortiz popped out to third. Lowrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Kearns hit by pitch. Hannahan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kearns out at second. Marson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 14 - Indians 2.	Red Sox explode for 14 runs, rout Indians