Brewers - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Weeks grounded out to second. Morgan singled to center. Braun struck out swinging. Fielder hit ground rule double to left, Morgan to third. McGehee singled to center, Morgan and Fielder scored. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to third, McGehee out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Marcum pitching for Brewers. Ellsbury homered to right (394 feet). Pedroia flied out to center. Gonzalez singled to center. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz doubled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Crawford reached on infield single to third, Ortiz to third. McDonald ran for Crawford. McDonald to second on wild pitch by Marcum. Scutaro walked. Drew grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. McDonald in left field. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay popped out to shortstop. Lucroy struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Varitek grounded out to second. Ellsbury lined out to left. Pedroia walked. Gonzalez doubled to left center, Pedroia to third. Youkilis singled to right center, Pedroia and Gonzalez scored. Ortiz struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Weeks reached on infield single to shortstop. Morgan singled to left, Weeks to second. Braun singled to right, Weeks to third, Morgan to second. Fielder singled to right, Weeks scored, Morgan to third, Braun to second. McGehee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morgan scored, Fielder out at second, Braun to third. Hart struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. McDonald lined out to left. Scutaro lined out to third. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay grounded out to second. Lucroy grounded out to second. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Varitek grounded out to second. Ellsbury flied out to right. Pedroia popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Sutton at third base. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Weeks struck out looking. Morgan grounded out to third. Braun grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez homered to left (389 feet). Sutton flied out to right. Ortiz reached on infield single to second. McDonald walked, Ortiz to second. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, McDonald out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Fielder grounded out to third. McGehee flied out to center. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Herrera pitching for Brewers. Drew walked. Varitek doubled to left center, Drew scored. Ellsbury grounded out to first, Varitek to third. Pedroia singled to center, Varitek scored. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pedroia out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Kotsay grounded out to second. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Counsell grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Herrera pitching for Brewers. Sutton doubled to deep right center. Ortiz singled to center, Sutton to third. Dillard pitching for Brewers. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sutton scored, Ortiz safe at second on error by shortstop Counsell. Scutaro sacrificed to pitcher, Ortiz to third, McDonald to second. Drew singled to center, Ortiz and McDonald scored. Varitek struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Drew out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Weeks flied out to right. Morgan singled to right center. Braun flied into double play, center to first, Morgan doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Dillard pitching for Brewers. Pedroia struck out swinging. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Pedroia struck out swinging. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Gomez in center field. Morgan in left field. Gomez in center field. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Sutton singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third, Sutton to second on wild pitch by Dillard. Ortiz struck out swinging. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Fielder struck out looking. McGehee struck out looking. Hart lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 4 - Red Sox 10.	Lackey dominates as Red Sox spank Brewers