Padres - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Denorfia struck out looking. Bartlett grounded out to third. Headley reached on infield single to shortstop. Ludwick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Ellsbury lined out to center. Pedroia doubled to left. Gonzalez singled to left, Pedroia to third. Youkilis walked, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz singled to shallow left center, Pedroia scored, Gonzalez to third, Youkilis to second. McDonald flied out to right. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second, Youkilis to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Guzman grounded out to second. Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop. Maybin walked, Hudson to second. Rizzo struck out looking. Hundley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Varitek flied out to center. Cameron fouled out to first. Ellsbury lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Denorfia grounded out to second. Bartlett walked. Headley singled to shallow left, Bartlett to second. Ludwick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Pedroia lined out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Youkilis singled to shallow center. Ortiz doubled to right, Youkilis scored, Ortiz to third advancing on throw. McDonald struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Guzman tripled to deep center. Hudson popped out to first. Maybin struck out swinging. Rizzo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Scutaro singled to left center. Varitek singled to center, Scutaro to third. Cameron walked, Varitek to second. Luebke pitching for Padres. Ellsbury grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Scutaro scored, Cameron out at second, Varitek to third. Pedroia walked. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Hundley struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Headley singled to right. Ludwick walked, Headley to second. Guzman struck out swinging. Hudson homered to left (360 feet), Headley and Ludwick scored. Maybin flied out to center. Rizzo doubled to deep center. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Hundley walked. Denorfia grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Scutaro struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Cameron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Bartlett struck out looking. Headley flied out to left. Ludwick singled to shallow left. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Luebke pitching for Padres. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ellsbury out at second. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Pedroia scored. Frieri pitching for Padres. Youkilis flied out to left. Ortiz intentionally walked. Drew walked, Gonzalez to third, Ortiz to second. Scutaro hit by pitch, Gonzalez scored, Ortiz to third, Drew to second. Varitek hit by pitch, Ortiz scored, Drew to third, Scutaro to second. Reddick hit for Cameron. Reddick singled to center, Drew and Scutaro scored, Varitek to second. Ellsbury singled to shallow left center, Varitek to third, Reddick to second. Pedroia walked, Varitek scored, Reddick to third, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Reddick and Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis doubled to left, Pedroia and Gonzalez scored. Sutton ran for Youkilis. Neshek pitching for Padres. Ortiz struck out swinging. 10 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Bowden pitching for Red Sox. Hudson reached on infield single to third. Maybin flied out to right. Rizzo flied out to right. Hundley singled to center, Hudson to second. Hudson to third, Hundley to second on wild pitch by Bowden. Denorfia reached on infield single to second, Hudson scored, Hundley to third. Venable popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Neshek pitching for Padres. Drew singled to right. Scutaro singled to center, Drew to second. Varitek struck out looking. Reddick walked, Drew to third, Scutaro to second. Ellsbury walked, Drew scored, Scutaro to third, Reddick to second. Pedroia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ellsbury out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Hottovy pitching for Red Sox. Headley doubled to right. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Guzman singled to center, Headley scored. Hudson flied out to center. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Red Sox 14.	Red Sox's 10-run 7th trips Padres