Orioles - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Hardy singled to left. Markakis singled to left, Hardy to second. Jones singled to shallow right center, Hardy scored, Markakis to third. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis scored, Jones out at second. Wieters walked. Wieters stole second. Lee grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to center, Ellsbury thrown out at third. Youkilis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds popped out to second. Reimold flied out to center. Andino singled to left. Hardy popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Ortiz doubled to left. Reddick grounded out to first, Ortiz to third. Saltalamacchia lined out to left. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Markakis grounded out to second. Jones safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Guerrero grounded out to second, Jones to third. Wieters walked. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Scutaro walked. Ellsbury walked, Scutaro to second. Pedroia homered to left (418 feet), Scutaro and Ellsbury scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Youkilis grounded out to third. Ortiz lined out to right. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds singled to right. Reimold singled to left, Reynolds to second. Andino sacrificed to third, Reynolds to third, Reimold to second. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to right, Reynolds scored, Reimold to third. Markakis walked. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Markakis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Reddick safe at first on error by pitcher Arrieta. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Reddick to second, Reddick to third on error by right fielder Markakis. Drew grounded out to first, Reddick scored, Saltalamacchia to second. Scutaro struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Guerrero lined out to center. Wieters walked. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wieters out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Arrieta pitching for Orioles. Pedroia flied out to center. Gonzalez homered to center (421 feet). Youkilis doubled to left. Ortiz intentionally walked. Berken pitching for Orioles. Reddick popped out to catcher. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Reynolds grounded out to third. Reimold grounded out to shortstop. Andino flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro singled to center. Ellsbury homered to right (405 feet), Scutaro scored. Pedroia flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Hardy fouled out to first. Markakis flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Youkilis flied out to right. Viola pitching for Orioles. Ortiz homered to center (424 feet). Reddick homered to right (412 feet). Saltalamacchia homered to left (388 feet). Drew walked. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Scutaro flied out to center. Ellsbury lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Navarro at shortstop. Atchison pitching for Red Sox. Guerrero doubled to right. Wieters grounded out to second, Guerrero to third. Lee grounded out to second, Guerrero scored. Reynolds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Davis at shortstop. Tatum catching. Reimold in right field. Markakis at first base. Pie in left field. Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles. Pedroia singled to right. Sutton ran for Pedroia. Gonzalez singled to left, Sutton to second. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second, Sutton to third. Ortiz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Sutton at second base. Jenks pitching for Red Sox. Reimold flied out to left. Andino singled to center. Pie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andino out at second. Markakis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Red Sox 10.	Red Sox's six HRs crush O's