Red Sox - Top 1st. Shields pitching for Rays. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop. Pedroia grounded out to second, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis hit by pitch. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Damon safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro. Zobrist singled to center, Damon to third. Kotchman reached on infield single to shortstop, Damon scored, Zobrist to second. Longoria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kotchman out at second, Zobrist to third. Joyce singled to right, Zobrist scored, Longoria to third. Upton singled to left, Longoria scored, Joyce to second. Fuld grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Upton out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for Rays. Drew grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia walked. Reddick homered to right (438 feet), Saltalamacchia scored. Scutaro walked. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Pedroia flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Brignac singled to center. Damon singled to right center, Brignac to second. Zobrist walked, Brignac to third, Damon to second. Kotchman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Rays. Gonzalez walked. Youkilis singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz doubled to deep right center, Gonzalez and Youkilis scored. Drew doubled to deep right, Ortiz scored. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reddick flied out to center. Scutaro struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Longoria struck out swinging. Joyce singled to right. Upton struck out swinging. Joyce stole second. Fuld struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Rays. Ellsbury homered to right (358 feet). Pedroia lined out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Youkilis fouled out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Shoppach struck out swinging. Brignac reached on infield single to shortstop. Damon grounded out to third, Brignac to second. Zobrist struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Shields pitching for Rays. Ortiz grounded out to first. Drew struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Longoria flied out to left. Joyce homered to right (373 feet). Upton singled to left. Upton stole second. Fuld struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Shields pitching for Rays. Reddick safe at first on error by first baseman Kotchman. Scutaro struck out swinging. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Reddick caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pedroia batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Shoppach popped out to first. Brignac flied out to left. Damon safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez. Zobrist hit by pitch, Damon to second. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Kotchman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Cruz pitching for Rays. Pedroia homered to right (368 feet). Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Youkilis fouled out to first. Ramos pitching for Rays. Ortiz struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Longoria popped out to second. Joyce struck out swinging. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Upton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Drew grounded out to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reddick flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Fuld doubled to center. Lobaton hit for Shoppach. Lobaton grounded out to shortstop. Brignac flied out to center. Fuld stole third. Damon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Lobaton catching. Gomes pitching for Rays. Scutaro reached on infield single to shortstop. Ellsbury reached first base on catcher's interference, Scutaro to second. Ellsbury batting. Pedroia reached on infield single to third, Scutaro to third, Ellsbury to second. McGee pitching for Rays. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Russell pitching for Rays. Youkilis walked, Scutaro scored, Ellsbury to third, Pedroia to second. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third, Youkilis to second. Drew struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Zobrist popped out to shortstop. Kotchman tripled to right. Longoria singled to right center, Kotchman scored. Joyce grounded out to first, Longoria to second. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 9 - Rays 5.	Red Sox rally, beat Rays