Mariners - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki stole second. Suzuki stole third. Ryan grounded out to pitcher. Ackley singled to left center, Suzuki scored. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ackley out at second. Kennedy singled to right, Olivo to third. Smoak struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury grounded out to shortstop. Pedroia singled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Pedroia to second. Pedroia to third on passed ball by Olivo. Youkilis singled to left, Pedroia scored. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Carp struck out swinging. Cust flied out to right. Halman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Crawford singled to left. Reddick reached on infield single to second, Crawford to second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reddick out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki lined out to shortstop. Ryan grounded out to first. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ellsbury homered to right (449 feet). Pedroia reached on infield single to third. Pedroia stole second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis walked. Ortiz grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Kennedy grounded out to second. Smoak singled to center. Smoak to second on wild pitch by Lackey. Carp flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Reddick grounded out to first. Saltalamacchia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cust singled to shallow right. Halman lined out to right. Suzuki flied out to left. Ryan singled to center, Cust to second. Ackley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Scutaro reached on infield single to third. Ellsbury lined out to left. Pedroia singled to shallow center, Scutaro to second. Gonzalez walked, Scutaro to third, Pedroia to second. Youkilis grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Olivo reached on infield single to shortstop. Kennedy flied out to left. Olivo stole second. Smoak lined out to left. Carp fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Ortiz walked. Crawford grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ortiz out at second. Reddick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cust struck out swinging. Halman struck out swinging. Suzuki hit ground rule double to left. Ryan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Saltalamacchia singled to center. Scutaro flied out to right. Ellsbury singled to right center, Saltalamacchia to third. Pedroia walked, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Saltalamacchia and Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to third. Gray pitching for Mariners. Youkilis doubled to deep left, Pedroia scored, Gonzalez to third, Gonzalez scored, Youkilis to third on throwing error by left fielder Carp. Ortiz singled to center, Youkilis scored. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ortiz out at second. Reddick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Navarro at third base. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Ackley flied out to left. Olivo doubled to deep right. Kennedy struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Carp homered to right (408 feet), Olivo and Smoak scored. Cust doubled to deep center. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Halman flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Lueke pitching for Mariners. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Scutaro grounded out to third. Ellsbury flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Suzuki bunt grounded out to pitcher. Ryan struck out swinging. Ackley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox up M's skid to 13