Royals - Top 1st. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Gordon fouled out to third. Cabrera singled to left. Butler singled to left, Cabrera to second. Hosmer doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored, Butler to third. Francoeur hit sacrifice fly to left, Butler scored. Moustakas grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. McDonald walked. McDonald stole second. Scutaro fouled out to catcher. McDonald to third on wild pitch by Duffy. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, McDonald scored. Pedroia tripled to deep center. Ortiz doubled to left, Pedroia scored. Crawford struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Aviles singled to left. Treanor walked, Aviles to second. Escobar sacrificed to catcher, Aviles to third, Treanor to second, Escobar safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Aviles to third on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Gordon popped out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to shortstop. Butler hit ground rule double to deep right, Aviles and Treanor scored, Escobar to third. Hosmer struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Varitek struck out swinging. Reddick popped out to second. Navarro walked. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Navarro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur walked. Moustakas lined out to shortstop, Francoeur tagged out at second. Aviles doubled to right center. Treanor flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Scutaro doubled to left. Gonzalez walked. Pedroia doubled to left, Scutaro scored, Gonzalez to third. Ortiz doubled to deep center, Gonzalez and Pedroia scored. Crawford struck out swinging. Varitek hit by pitch. Reddick struck out swinging. Navarro flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Escobar singled to center. Gordon homered to center, Escobar scored. Cabrera popped out to first. Butler homered to left center. Hosmer flied out to center. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur doubled to left. Moustakas flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. McDonald struck out swinging. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Adcock pitching for Royals. Pedroia singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz walked, Gonzalez to third, Pedroia to second. Crawford walked, Gonzalez scored, Pedroia to third, Ortiz to second. Varitek flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Aviles popped out to second. Treanor flied out to right. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Reddick singled to center. Ellsbury hit for Navarro. Ellsbury singled to left, Reddick to second. Sutton hit for McDonald. Sutton sacrificed to catcher, Reddick to third, Ellsbury to second, Sutton safe at third on error by second baseman Aviles. Reddick and Ellsbury scored, Sutton to third advancing on throw. Scutaro walked. Wood pitching for Royals. Gonzalez singled to left, Sutton scored, Scutaro to second. Pedroia singled to left, Scutaro to third, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz singled to center, Scutaro and Gonzalez scored, Pedroia to third. Crawford reached on infield single to pitcher, Ortiz to second. Varitek struck out swinging. Reddick hit sacrifice fly to center, Pedroia scored. Ellsbury flied out to center. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 6th. Sutton at third base. Ellsbury in center field. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Gordon doubled to left center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Butler hit by pitch. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Butler out at second, Gordon to third. Francoeur flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Wood pitching for Royals. Sutton struck out swinging. Scutaro walked. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Scutaro to second. Pedroia walked, Scutaro to third, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Crawford fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Moustakas struck out swinging. Aviles singled to left. Treanor struck out swinging. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Collins pitching for Royals. Varitek homered to left. Reddick struck out swinging. Ellsbury doubled to left center, Ellsbury to third on throwing error by center fielder Cabrera. Sutton walked. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellsbury out at home, Sutton to second, Sutton to third advancing on throw. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scutaro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Albers pitching for Red Sox. Gordon walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gordon out at second. Butler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Maier pitching for Royals. Pedroia flied out to left. Ortiz doubled to deep center. Crawford grounded out to second, Ortiz to third. Varitek lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer singled to right. Francoeur walked, Hosmer to second. Moustakas singled to center, Hosmer scored, Francoeur to second. Aviles grounded into double play, third to second to first, Moustakas out at second, Francoeur to third. Treanor singled to center, Francoeur scored. Escobar struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Red Sox 13.	Red Sox slug way past Royals \n\n