Royals - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Gordon doubled to left. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Youkilis. Butler struck out swinging. Hosmer homered to left (394 feet), Gordon and Cabrera scored. Francoeur popped out to shortstop. Moustakas singled to left. Pena doubled to deep right, Moustakas to third. Getz grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Chen pitching for Royals. Ellsbury homered to right (334 feet). Pedroia homered to left (357 feet). Gonzalez grounded out to second. Youkilis walked. Ortiz struck out swinging, Youkilis stole second. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Gordon hit ground rule double to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gordon out at third, Cabrera to second. Butler singled to left, Cabrera to third. Hosmer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Chen pitching for Royals. Scutaro walked. McDonald singled to center, Scutaro to second. Navarro singled to right, Scutaro to third, McDonald to second. Ellsbury walked, Scutaro scored, McDonald to third, Navarro to second. Pedroia hit sacrifice fly to right, McDonald scored, Navarro to third. Ellsbury stole second. Gonzalez grounded out to second, Navarro scored, Ellsbury to third. Youkilis lined out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur flied out to center. Moustakas lined out to left. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Chen pitching for Royals. Ortiz flied out to right. Saltalamacchia popped out to first. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Getz grounded out to shortstop. Escobar struck out swinging. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Chen pitching for Royals. McDonald doubled to left. Navarro singled to left, McDonald scored. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to second, Navarro out at second. Pedroia singled to left, Ellsbury thrown out at third. Gonzalez singled to center, Pedroia to second. Youkilis singled to left, Pedroia to third, Gonzalez to second. Ortiz homered to right (411 feet), Pedroia, Gonzalez and Youkilis scored. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera flied out to right. Butler homered to left (414 feet). Hosmer struck out swinging. Francoeur doubled to center. Moustakas walked. Pena singled to left, Francoeur to third, Moustakas to second. Getz fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. McDonald flied out to right. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Escobar flied out to right. Gordon flied out to center. Cabrera doubled to center. Butler singled to left, Cabrera to third. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Ellsbury doubled to left center. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center, Ellsbury scored, Pedroia to second. Youkilis lined into double play, third to second, Pedroia doubled off second. Ortiz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Reddick in right field. McDonald in left field. Navarro at third base. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Francoeur doubled to left center. Moustakas walked. Pena popped out to second. Getz flied out to left. Escobar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Aviles at shortstop. Adcock pitching for Royals. Saltalamacchia singled to right. Scutaro popped out to second. McDonald lined out to left. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Red Sox. Gordon doubled to deep center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Butler struck out swinging. Hosmer singled to right, Gordon scored, Hosmer to second advancing on throw. Francoeur flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Adcock pitching for Royals. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop, Ellsbury to second on throwing error by shortstop Aviles. Pedroia grounded out to second, Ellsbury to third. Gonzalez singled to left, Ellsbury scored, Gonzalez out stretching at second. Reddick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Sutton at second base. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Moustakas fouled out to third. Pena flied out to center. Getz singled to center. Aviles reached on infield single to first, Getz to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 5 - Red Sox 12.	Ortiz, Pedroia power Red Sox