Red Sox - Top 1st. Baker pitching for Twins. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Crawford struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to right. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Span struck out swinging. Plouffe grounded out to third. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Baker pitching for Twins. Ortiz singled to right center. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Reddick popped out to shortstop. Lowrie singled to right, Ortiz to second. Scutaro singled to center, Ortiz scored, Lowrie to second, Lowrie thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Cuddyer doubled to deep left. Kubel singled to right, Cuddyer scored, Kubel to second on error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Thome doubled to deep right center, Kubel scored. Valencia grounded out to pitcher, Thome to third. Young grounded out to third. Thome scored on Saltalamacchia's passed ball. Tolbert singled to right. Span fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Baker pitching for Twins. Ellsbury popped out to first. Crawford flied out to right. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Plouffe struck out swinging. Mauer struck out swinging. Cuddyer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Twins. Pedroia struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to left. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kubel homered to right (359 feet). Thome safe at first on error by third baseman Lowrie. Valencia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Twins. Reddick struck out swinging. Lowrie popped out to shortstop. Scutaro singled to right. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Tolbert grounded out to shortstop. Span flied out to left. Plouffe singled to left. Mauer doubled to deep right center, Plouffe scored. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Twins. Crawford tripled to deep right center. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to left, Crawford scored. Pedroia singled to center. Ortiz homered to right center (441 feet), Pedroia scored. Saltalamacchia homered to right (388 feet). Reddick lined out to shortstop. Lowrie flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Kubel flied out to center. Thome lined out to right. Valencia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Dumatrait pitching for Twins. Scutaro singled to center. Ellsbury reached on infield single to shortstop, Scutaro to second. Crawford sacrificed to pitcher, Scutaro to third, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Capps pitching for Twins. Pedroia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Young lined out to third. Tolbert singled to right center. Span flied out to center. Tolbert caught stealing second, catcher to second. Plouffe batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Ortiz doubled to deep left center. Saltalamacchia grounded out to first, Ortiz to third. Aviles hit for Reddick. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz scored, Aviles to second on error by catcher Mauer. Lowrie grounded out to shortstop, Aviles to third. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Aviles in right field. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Plouffe hit ground rule double to right. Mauer flied out to center, Plouffe to third. Cuddyer grounded out to third. Kubel singled to center, Plouffe scored. Repko ran for Kubel. Thome grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Repko in right field. Perkins pitching for Twins. Ellsbury singled to center. Crawford struck out swinging. Ellsbury caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to right center. Nathan pitching for Twins. Pedroia reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to second. McDonald ran for Gonzalez. Ortiz singled to center, McDonald scored, Pedroia to third. Saltalamacchia doubled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third. Aviles grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. McDonald in right field. Aviles at third base. Lowrie at first base. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Valencia struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Revere hit for Tolbert. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Twins 6.	Ortiz's 3 RBIs drive Red Sox