Rangers - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler grounded out to third. Andrus singled to left. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus to third. Young lined out to first, Hamilton out at first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury walked. Pedroia grounded out to third, Ellsbury to second. Gonzalez walked. Youkilis fouled out to first. Ortiz walked, Ellsbury to third, Gonzalez to second. Lowrie lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Beltre walked. Napoli grounded out to third, Beltre to second. Torrealba struck out looking. Murphy singled to center, Beltre scored. Gentry popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Crawford flied out to left. Reddick hit ground rule double to deep right. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Ellsbury lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler walked. Andrus walked, Kinsler to second. Hamilton struck out swinging. Young singled to right center, Kinsler scored, Andrus to third. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to third, Andrus scored, Young out at second. Napoli lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pedroia flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to right. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz singled to right, Gonzalez to second. Lowrie singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Ortiz to third. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Torrealba doubled to deep center. Murphy grounded out to first, Torrealba to third. Gentry bunt popped into double play, to first, Torrealba doubled off third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Reddick singled to center. Saltalamacchia homered to right (392 feet), Reddick scored. Ellsbury lined out to left. Pedroia singled to left. Tateyama pitching for Rangers. Pedroia to second on passed ball by Torrealba. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Youkilis flied out to left. Pedroia to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Tateyama. Ortiz intentionally walked. Aviles hit for Lowrie. Aviles singled to right, Pedroia scored, Gonzalez to third, Ortiz to second. Crawford homered to right (409 feet), Gonzalez, Ortiz and Aviles scored. Valdez pitching for Rangers. Reddick singled to right. Saltalamacchia singled to center, Reddick to third. Saltalamacchia stole second. Ellsbury reached on infield single to second, Reddick scored, Saltalamacchia to third. Pedroia grounded out to third. 8 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Aviles at shortstop. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Kinsler struck out looking. Andrus struck out looking. Hamilton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hamburger pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Youkilis lined out to third. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Red Sox. Young struck out looking. Beltre struck out looking. Napoli walked. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hamburger pitching for Rangers. Aviles lined out to center. Crawford doubled to deep center. Reddick singled to center, Crawford to third. Saltalamacchia struck out looking. Ellsbury walked, Reddick to second. Pedroia doubled to deep center, Crawford, Reddick and Ellsbury scored. Pedroia to third on wild pitch by Hamburger. Gonzalez struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Jackson at first base. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Murphy grounded out to first. Martin hit for Gentry. Martin grounded out to second. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Treanor catching. Martin in center field. Lowe pitching for Rangers. Youkilis grounded out to second. Ortiz grounded out to second. Aviles doubled to deep center. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. McDonald in center field. Wheeler pitching for Red Sox. Andrus doubled to left. Hamilton singled to right, Andrus scored. Young singled to left, Hamilton to second. Beltre singled to left, Hamilton scored, Young to third. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to right, Young scored, Beltre to second on error by catcher Saltalamacchia. Treanor struck out looking. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Murphy popped out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Reddick hit by pitch. Saltalamacchia lined into double play, shortstop to first, Reddick doubled off first. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Aviles in right field. Scutaro at shortstop. German hit for Martin. Morales pitching for Red Sox. German homered to center (430 feet). Kinsler lined out to center. Andrus lined out to center. Hamilton singled to left center. Hamilton picked off first. Young batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Red Sox 12.	Red Sox slam Rangers \n\n