Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. McCoy struck out swinging. Thames singled to right. Bautista walked, Thames to second. Lind lined out to center. Encarnacion singled to center, Thames scored, Bautista to second. Johnson singled to left center, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to third. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury grounded out to second. Scutaro doubled to center. Gonzalez lined into double play, to shortstop, Scutaro doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Arencibia popped out to first. Loewen singled to right. McCoy flied out to right. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Pedroia singled to left. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia to second, Pedroia to third on error by center fielder Loewen. Lavarnway grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pedroia scored, Youkilis safe at second on error by third baseman Lawrie. Youkilis to third, Lavarnway to second on wild pitch by Romero. Crawford struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to second, Youkilis scored, Lavarnway to third. McDonald grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Bautista grounded out to pitcher. Lind fouled out to third. Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Ellsbury tripled to deep right. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellsbury scored. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Pedroia flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Lawrie grounded out to shortstop. Arencibia safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro. Loewen struck out swinging. McCoy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arencibia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis struck out swinging. Lavarnway safe at first on error by third baseman Lawrie. Crawford struck out looking. Varitek grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lavarnway out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Thames grounded out to second. Bautista singled to right center. Lind singled to right, Bautista to third. Encarnacion lined out to left. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald singled to center. Ellsbury fouled out to catcher. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to first, McDonald out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Lackey pitching for Red Sox. Lawrie hit by pitch. Lawrie stole second. Lawrie safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varitek. Arencibia flied out to center. Morales pitching for Red Sox. Loewen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lawrie out at home. Loewen picked off first. McCoy batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Gonzalez homered to right (395 feet). Pedroia grounded out to third. Youkilis walked. Lavarnway flied out to right. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Youkilis out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Aceves pitching for Red Sox. Anderson at first base. McCoy lined out to center. Thames grounded out to first. Bautista walked. Lind flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Teahen at third base. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek grounded out to third. McDonald flied out to right. Ellsbury flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion walked. Johnson walked, Encarnacion to second. Teahen sacrificed to catcher, Encarnacion to third, Johnson to second, Teahen safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Bard. Encarnacion to third on throwing error by pitcher Bard. Arencibia grounded out to third, Encarnacion scored, Johnson to third, Teahen to second. Loewen singled to center, Johnson and Teahen scored. McCoy grounded into double play, second to first to third to second to first to third, Loewen out at third, Loewen out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Blue Jays. Scutaro popped out to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Pedroia flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Thames grounded out to first. Bautista struck out looking. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Francisco pitching for Blue Jays. Youkilis struck out swinging. Reddick hit for Lavarnway. Reddick struck out swinging. Crawford flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 4.	Jays eke by reeling Red Sox