Red Sox - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Damon singled to left. Damon stole second. Walker grounded out to second, Damon to third. Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to right, Damon scored. Ramirez flied out to deep right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Stewart grounded out to third. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells walked. Delgado fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Millar doubled to right. Hillenbrand grounded out to second, Millar to third. Nixon singled to right, Millar scored. Varitek struck out looking, Nixon stole second. Jackson flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Phelps walked. Hinske grounded out to first, Phelps to second. Hudson grounded out to second, Phelps to third. Woodward reached on infield single to third, Phelps scored. Huckaby grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Damon homered to right. Walker struck out swinging. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Stewart flied out to right. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Wells reached on infield single to shortstop. Delgado singled to shallow left, Wells to second. Phelps fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Millar struck out swinging. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Nixon walked. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Hinske walked. Hudson walked, Hinske to second. Woodward safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra, Hinske scored, Hudson to third. Huckaby grounded out to third, Hudson scored, Woodward to second. Stewart lined into double play, second to shortstop, Woodward doubled off second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. Damon grounded out to first. Walker singled to right. Garciaparra lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Wells flied out to left. Delgado lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Millar singled to left. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to third, Millar safe at second on error by Hudson. Nixon singled to left, Millar scored, Hillenbrand to second. Varitek struck out swinging. Hillenbrand out at home, Nixon to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Phelps flied out to right. Hinske flied out to center. Hudson singled to right. Woodward doubled to deep left center, Hudson scored. Huckaby flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. Damon safe at first on error by shortstop Woodward. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Stewart fouled out to right. Catalanotto walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Wells fouled out to shallow right. Delgado singled to right, Catalanotto to second, Catalanotto to third on error by right fielder Nixon. Myers hit for Phelps. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez grounded out to first. Millar struck out swinging. Hillenbrand doubled to deep right. Nixon homered to right, Hillenbrand scored. Varitek flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Hinske hit ground rule double to deep right center. Hudson grounded out to second, Hinske to third. Wilson hit for Huckaby. Woodward popped out to second. Wilson catching. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to right. Damon homered to right, Jackson scored. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Hillenbrand at first base. Mueller at third base. Ramirez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Stewart reached on infield single to third. Catalanotto singled to right center, Stewart to third. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stewart scored, Catalanotto out at second. Wells to second on fielder's indifference. Delgado homered to left center, Wells scored. Myers grounded out to second. Hinske flied out to left. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 7.	Red Sox head home winners at end of 10-game trip