Blue Jays - Top 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Stewart struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to right. Catalanotto to second on passed ball by Mirabelli. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado singled to right, Catalanotto scored, Delgado to second advancing on throw. Delgado to third on passed ball by Mirabelli. Phelps singled to left, Delgado scored. Hinske flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson flied out to right. Walker singled to left center. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to third, Walker out at second. Garciaparra stole second. Ramirez walked. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wilson flied out to right center. Hudson flied out to center. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Ortiz walked. Nixon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Stewart hit by pitch. Catalanotto singled to center, Stewart to second. Wells fouled out to catcher. Delgado doubled to deep left center, Stewart scored, Catalanotto to third. Phelps walked. Hinske grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Mirabelli popped out to shallow center. Jackson walked. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Wilson struck out swinging. Hudson flied out to right. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra singled to left center. Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Ramirez grounded out to second. Millar grounded out to third. Hillenbrand singled to shallow right, Garciaparra scored. Ortiz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Stewart walked. Catalanotto singled to left, Stewart to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice double play, third to second, Stewart out at third, Catalanotto out at second. Wells to second on wild pitch by Wakefield. Delgado walked, Wells to third on wild pitch by Wakefield. Delgado batting. Phelps flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon flied out to left. Mirabelli singled to left center. Jackson singled to left center, Mirabelli to second. Walker struck out swinging. Garciaparra flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Hinske struck out swinging. Wilson struck out looking. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez flied out to center. Millar homered to left. Hillenbrand singled to left. Ortiz flied out to left. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Bordick batting. Stewart singled to right center. Catalanotto flied out to deep right. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Mirabelli singled to center. Jackson sacrificed to first, Mirabelli to second. Walker walked. Garciaparra walked, Mirabelli to third, Walker to second. Mirabelli scored, Walker to third, Garciaparra to second on wild pitch by Tam. Ramirez intentionally walked. Millar walked, Walker scored, Garciaparra to third, Ramirez to second. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to second, Garciaparra scored, Millar out at second, Ramirez to third. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller hit for Ortiz. Tolar pitching for Red Sox. Mueller struck out looking. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Tolar pitching for Red Sox. Delgado fouled out to third. Phelps grounded out to second. Hinske struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon walked. Linton pitching for Blue Jays. Mirabelli homered to left, Nixon scored. Jackson singled to center. Walker singled to left center, Jackson to third. Garciaparra popped out to shallow left. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Walker out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Wilson struck out swinging. Myers hit for Bordick. Hudson singled to left. Myers struck out swinging. Hudson to second on fielder's indifference. Stewart struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 3 - Red Sox 7.	Red Sox walk their way past Blue Jays