Blue Jays - Top 1st. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Stewart singled to center. Johnson hit by pitch, Stewart to second. Stewart to third, Johnson to second on passed ball by Varitek. Wells walked. Delgado lined out to second, Stewart scored, Johnson to third on throwing error by second baseman Walker. Phelps grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wells out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Damon singled to center. Walker flied out to left center. Garciaparra struck out swinging. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Wilson doubled to left. Hinske flied out to center. Woodward flied out to right center. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Millar flied out to center. Nixon singled to left. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Stewart safe at second on error by center fielder Damon. Johnson singled to right center, Stewart scored. Wells fouled out to first. Delgado lined out to right. Johnson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Phelps batting. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi grounded out to first. Varitek grounded out to first. Damon safe at first on error by pitcher Halladay. Walker flied out to shallow left center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Phelps grounded out to pitcher. Wilson flied out to deep left. Hinske walked. Hinske stole second. Woodward walked. Bordick doubled to deep left center, Woodward and Hinske scored. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher. Ortiz singled to right. Millar struck out looking. Nixon reached on infield single to second, Ortiz to second. Hillenbrand grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Johnson popped out to first. Wells flied out to left center. Delgado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi struck out swinging. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Phelps flied out to deep center. Wilson walked. Hinske struck out swinging. Woodward doubled to deep left, Wilson scored, Woodward to third advancing on throw. Bordick walked. Stewart struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Walker singled to center. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Walker out at second. Ortiz grounded out to second, Garciaparra to second. Millar doubled to deep left, Garciaparra scored. Nixon singled to left center, Millar scored. Nixon to second on passed ball by Wilson. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Johnson hit by pitch. Wells grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi homered to right. Varitek singled to center. Damon doubled to right, Varitek to third. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Garciaparra doubled to deep left, Varitek and Damon scored. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez hit for Ortiz. Ramirez intentionally walked. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Millar struck out swinging. Ramirez in left field. Hillenbrand at first base. Mueller at third base. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Nixon grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Catalanotto hit for Wilson. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Phelps struck out swinging. Catalanotto struck out looking. Catalanotto in right field. Myers catching. Hinske grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Hillenbrand singled to left center. Mueller sacrificed to pitcher, Hillenbrand to second. Varitek struck out swinging. Damon intentionally walked. Walker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Woodward struck out swinging. Bordick struck out swinging. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Stewart grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra homered to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 6.	Nomar's heroics in ninth help BoSox rally past Jays