Cardinals - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Drew struck out looking. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Damon grounded out to second. Walker grounded out to first. Garciaparra tripled to deep right center. Ramirez walked. Ortiz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen singled to center. Renteria flied out to right. Perez singled to left, Rolen to second. Girardi grounded out to third. Nixon homered to right. Mueller singled to right. Varitek doubled to right, Mueller scored. Damon doubled to left, Varitek scored. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra singled to left, Damon scored. Ramirez walked, Garciaparra to second. Ortiz singled to right, Garciaparra scored, Ramirez to second. Millar doubled to left center, Ramirez and Ortiz scored, Millar to third on error by shortstop Renteria. Nixon popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Red Sox. Delgado grounded out to first. Palmeiro grounded out to first. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Mueller singled to right. Varitek singled to right center, Mueller to third. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Damon singled to left, Mueller scored, Varitek to second. Walker singled to right, Varitek to third, Damon to second. Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to center, Varitek scored, Damon to third. Ramirez struck out swinging. Ortiz walked, Walker to second. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Pujols doubled to left. Edmonds singled to right center, Pujols scored. Rolen grounded out to first, Edmonds to second. Renteria walked. Perez grounded out to catcher, Edmonds to third, Renteria to second. Girardi grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Nixon struck out swinging. Mueller flied out to center. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Delgado struck out looking. Palmeiro singled to left. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to first, Palmeiro out at second. Pujols flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Damon singled to right center. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. Garciaparra flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Edmonds singled to deep left. Rolen singled to left, Edmonds to second. Renteria struck out swinging. Edmonds caught stealing third, catcher to thirdS Rolen to second. Perez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez homered to center. Ortiz popped out to third. Millar struck out swinging. Nixon grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Girardi struck out swinging. Delgado flied out to right. Palmeiro reached on infield single to second. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Delgado at shortstop. Cairo at second base. Mueller doubled to left. Varitek grounded out to first, Mueller to third. Damon singled to center, Mueller scored. Walker flied out to center. Sanchez hit for Garciaparra. Sanchez doubled to deep left, Damon to third. Jackson hit for Ramirez. Jackson walked. Ortiz walked, Damon scored, Sanchez to third, Jackson to second. Millar reached on infield single to third, Sanchez scored, Jackson to third, Ortiz to second. Sanchez at shortstop. Jackson in left field. Nixon flied out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Pujols singled to left. Edmonds singled to center, Pujols to second. Simontacchi ran for Edmonds. Robinson hit for Rolen. Robinson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Simontacchi out at second, Pujols to third. Robinson in right field. Perez at third base. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Giambi hit for Mueller. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Giambi flied out to right. Varitek singled to center. Damon struck out swinging. Giambi in left field. Jackson at shortstop. Sanchez at third base. Walker flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Burkett pitching for Red Sox. Perez fouled out to first. Girardi fouled out to first. Delgado grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Red Sox 13.	Pedro pitches three scoreless innings in Boston win