Marlins - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher. Castillo grounded out to third, Pierre to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Pierre scored. Lowell lined into double play, second to first, Rodriguez doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Pavano pitching for Marlins. Damon doubled to right. Walker singled to center, Damon scored. Garciaparra doubled to deep left, Walker to third. Ramirez homered to left, Walker and Garciaparra scored. Ortiz doubled to right. Millar singled to center, Ortiz scored. Tejera pitching for Marlins. Nixon singled to right, Millar to second. Mueller walked, Millar to third, Nixon to second. Varitek singled to center, Millar and Nixon scored, Mueller to second. Damon tripled to deep right, Mueller and Varitek scored. Walker singled to right, Damon scored. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Garciaparra fouled out to catcher. Ramirez singled to right, Walker to third. Ortiz walked, Ramirez to second. Millar hit sacrifice fly to center, Walker scored. Nixon walked, Ramirez to third, Ortiz to second. Mueller doubled to left center, Ramirez and Ortiz scored, Nixon to third. Varitek walked. Damon singled to left, Nixon scored, Mueller thrown out at home, Varitek to second. 14 Runs, 13 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Encarnacion walked. Lee lined out to center. Cabrera struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked, Encarnacion to second. Hollandsworth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Walker walked. Garciaparra flied out to right. Ramirez flied out to center. Ortiz homered to right center, Walker scored. Millar walked. Nixon fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. Castillo grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to center. Lowell singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Redmond catching. Fox at third base. Encarnacion flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Levrault pitching for Marlins. Mueller homered to right. Varitek struck out swinging. Damon struck out swinging. Walker singled to center. Garciaparra popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera struck out swinging. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Mordecai at second base. Mirabelli hit for Ramirez. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Mirabelli struck out swinging. Ortiz flied out to center. Millar doubled to left center. Nixon singled to left, Millar to third. Mueller singled to left, Millar scored, Nixon to second. Varitek singled to right, Nixon scored, Mueller to second, Mueller to third advancing on throw. Mirabelli at first base. Millar in left field. Sanchez at shortstop. Damon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Hollandsworth grounded out to first. Pierre safe at second on error by first baseman Mirabelli. Mordecai struck out looking. Redmond singled to left, Pierre scored. Fox hit by pitch, Redmond to second. Encarnacion doubled to center, Redmond and Fox scored. Lee singled to left, Encarnacion scored. Cabrera flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Walker struck out swinging. Sanchez struck out looking. Mirabelli doubled to deep left. Ortiz singled to right, Mirabelli scored. Rupe pitching for Red Sox. Millar flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Rupe pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Hollandsworth grounded out to second. Banks in right field. Pierre grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Nixon singled to right. Mueller struck out looking. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Seanez pitching for Red Sox. Mordecai grounded out to second. Redmond singled to center. Redmond to second on wild pitch by Seanez. Fox walked. Banks struck out swinging. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Damon singled to right. Walker reached on infield double to pitcher, Damon to third. Neal pitching for Marlins. Sanchez grounded out to second, Damon scored, Walker to third. Almonte pitching for Red Sox. Mirabelli flied out to center, Walker thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Almonte pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera walked. Gonzalez lined out to third. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Almonte. Hollandsworth singled to left, Cabrera to third. Hollandsworth to second on fielder's indifference. Pierre walked. Mordecai hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Redmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pierre out at second, Hollandsworth to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Neal pitching for Marlins. Ortiz hit by pitch. Millar singled to left, Ortiz to second. Nixon walked, Ortiz to third, Millar to second. Mueller doubled to deep left, Ortiz and Millar scored, Nixon to third. Varitek hit sacrifice fly to deep center, Nixon scored, Mueller to third. Damon reached on infield single to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to left, Mueller scored. Sanchez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Shiell pitching for Red Sox. Fox walked. Banks flied out to left. Lee homered to center, Fox scored. Cabrera lined out to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Red Sox 25.	Boston's 25-8 win over Marlins one for the books