Red Sox - Top 1st. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon doubled to left. Mueller reached on infield single to second, Nixon to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to left, Nixon scored, Mueller to second. Ramirez walked. Ortiz singled to right, Mueller scored, Ramirez to second. Millar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ortiz out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Catalanotto singled to left. Wells doubled to left, Catalanotto scored. Delgado doubled to deep right, Wells scored. Myers walked. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Myers out at second, Delgado to third. Johnson singled to center, Delgado scored, Hinske to second. Hudson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Damon singled to center. Damon stole second. Varitek singled to right, Damon scored. Sanchez flied out to left. Nixon singled to left, Varitek to second. Mueller grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nixon out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Woodward lined out to first. Stewart flied out to center. Catalanotto singled to center. Wells flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Walker flied out to center. Ramirez flied out to center. Ortiz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Delgado singled to right, Delgado out at first trying to return to base. Myers grounded out to third. Hinske grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Millar flied out to right. Damon grounded out to first. Varitek struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Johnson grounded out to pitcher. Hudson walked. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Sanchez grounded out to third. Nixon walked. Mueller singled to left, Nixon to second. Walker flied out to right, Nixon to third. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto singled to right. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado doubled to left, Catalanotto to third. Myers reached on infield single to shortstop, Catalanotto scored, Delgado to third. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to second, Delgado scored, Myers out at second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hinske out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz flied out to left. Millar singled to left. Damon grounded out to third, Millar to second. Varitek walked. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. Woodward reached on infield single to third. Stewart grounded out to third, Woodward to second. Catalanotto homered to right center, Woodward scored. Wells flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Escobar pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon struck out swinging. Mueller flied out to center. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Walker grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Delgado struck out looking. Myers grounded out to catcher. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Hinske struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez homered to center. Ortiz walked. Millar singled to right, Ortiz to second. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Hinske, Ortiz to third, Millar to second. Varitek hit ground rule double to deep left center, Ortiz and Millar scored, Damon to third. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra hit for Sanchez. Jackson ran for Varitek. Garciaparra hit sacrifice fly to left, Damon scored. Nixon intentionally walked. Mueller flied out to left. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra at shortstop. Mirabelli catching. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Walker flied out to right. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Johnson reached on bunt single to second. Hudson fouled out to left. Woodward flied out to right. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez safe at third on error by center fielder Wells. Ortiz doubled to left center, Ramirez scored. Kapler ran for Ortiz. Millar grounded out to pitcher, Kapler to third. Damon intentionally walked. Mirabelli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kapler out at home, Damon to second. Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto doubled to right. Wells struck out swinging. Clark hit for Myers. Delgado struck out swinging. Clark hit by pitch. Hinske struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 7.	Sweat Sox: Boston again rallies to get past Jays