Red Sox - Top 1st. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon walked. Walker grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Nixon out at second. Garciaparra lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Stewart flied out to shallow center. Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop. Wells homered to left center. Delgado walked. Wilson singled to left, Delgado to third, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Hinske struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez walked. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. Millar walked. Mueller tripled to right center, Millar scored. Kapler grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Johnson fouled out to third. Hudson singled to left. Woodward singled to left, Hudson to second. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Woodward out at second, Hudson to third. Catalanotto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek grounded out to third. Nixon grounded out to second. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez walked. Ortiz singled to right, Ramirez to second. Millar singled to shallow left, Ramirez scored, Ortiz to second. Mueller singled to right, Ortiz scored, Millar to third, Mueller to second on throwing error by right fielder Johnson. Kapler hit ground rule double to left center, Millar and Mueller scored. Varitek grounded out to second, Kapler to third. Nixon flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Hinske singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hinske out at second. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Walker grounded out to second. Garciaparra flied out to left. Ramirez singled to right, Ramirez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Woodward flied out to center. Stewart lined out to shortstop. Catalanotto flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Lidle pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz homered to right. Millar homered to center. Mueller singled to left. Thurman pitching for Blue Jays. Kapler grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop to second, Mueller out at second. Varitek doubled to right. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Nixon struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Wells struck out looking. Delgado struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Thurman pitching for Blue Jays. Walker singled to center. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second. Ramirez flied out to center. Ortiz lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Hinske walked. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. Hudson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Thurman pitching for Blue Jays. Millar struck out swinging. Mueller singled to center. Kapler fouled out to first. Varitek singled to center, Mueller to second. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Nixon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart flied out to right. Catalanotto reached on infield single to pitcher. Wells singled to shallow center, Catalanotto to third. Service pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Service pitching for Blue Jays. Walker walked. Garciaparra flied out to left. Ramirez struck out looking. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Jackson in left field. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Clark hit for Wilson. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Clark flied out to deep right. Hinske grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to center. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Blue Jays 1.	Red Sox get leg up with win over fading Blue Jays