Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Johnson singled to left. Catalanotto struck out swinging, Johnson stole second. Wells reached on infield single to second. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wells out at second, Johnson to third. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Damon singled to center. Walker lined into double play, to first, Damon doubled off first. Garciaparra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Kielty singled to right. Hinske grounded out to first, Kielty to second. Hudson grounded out to first, Kielty to third. Woodward doubled to left, Kielty scored. Johnson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez lined out to left. Ortiz flied out to center. Millar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto grounded out to first. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon singled to right. Mueller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nixon safe at third on error by shortstop Woodward, Mueller to second, Nixon tagged out at home attempting to advance on runner's fielder. Mueller batting. Varitek grounded out to second, Mueller to third. Damon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Red Sox. Myers singled to left. Kielty singled to left, Myers to second. Hinske walked, Myers to third, Kielty to second. Hudson struck out looking. Woodward struck out looking. Johnson doubled to left, Myers, Kielty and Hinske scored. Catalanotto popped out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Walker grounded out to third. Garciaparra singled to left. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Garciaparra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Wells flied out to center. Delgado struck out looking. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop. Millar struck out looking. Nixon singled to right. Mueller grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Kielty homered to left. Hinske hit by pitch. Hudson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. Woodward walked. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek grounded out to second. Damon reached on infield single to second. Walker flied out to left. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Fox pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Wells grounded out to third. Delgado walked. Myers safe at first on error by shortstop Garciaparra, Delgado to second. Kielty popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez struck out looking. Ortiz homered to right center. Millar grounded out to second. Nixon reached on infield single to shortstop. Mueller singled to right, Nixon to second. Varitek singled to right center, Nixon scored, Mueller to third. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Damon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Hinske doubled to deep left. Hudson bunt popped out foul to third. Woodward struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Walker grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Ramirez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto grounded out to second. Wells grounded out to second. Delgado grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ortiz fouled out to third. Millar struck out swinging. Nixon flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Red Sox 2.	Halladay stops BoSox for 14th straight win