Red Sox - Top 1st. Myers pitching for Phillies. Damon walked. Walker walked, Damon to second. Garciaparra grounded into double play, third to first, Damon out at third, Walker to second. Ortiz walked. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ortiz out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Byrd singled to shallow center. Rollins singled to center, Byrd to second. Abreu lined out to center. Lieberthal struck out swinging. Thome walked, Byrd to third, Rollins to second. Burrell singled to center, Byrd and Rollins scored, Thome to second. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Burrell out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Nixon popped out to shallow left. Mueller flied out to left. Varitek singled to right center. Suppan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Varitek out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Perez singled to right. Myers sacrificed to pitcher, Perez to second. Byrd lined out to second. Rollins homered to right, Perez scored. Abreu lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Myers pitching for Phillies. Damon walked. Damon stole second. Walker singled to left, Damon to third. Garciaparra grounded out to third, Damon scored, Walker to second. Ortiz singled to left, Walker to third. Millar singled to left, Walker scored, Ortiz to second. Nixon doubled to right, Ortiz scored, Millar to third. Mueller grounded out to first, Millar scored, Nixon to third. Varitek intentionally walked. Suppan struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Lieberthal flied out to left. Thome struck out swinging. Burrell walked. Utley singled to center, Burrell to second. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Myers pitching for Phillies. Damon singled to left. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra fouled out to right. Ortiz walked, Damon to second. Millar walked, Damon to third, Ortiz to second. Punto hit for Myers. Nixon singled to left, Damon scored, Ortiz thrown out at home, Millar to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Punto grounded out to shortstop. Byrd walked. Rollins reached on infield single to shortstop, Byrd to second, Byrd to third, Rollins to second on throwing error by shortstop Garciaparra. Abreu singled to left center, Byrd and Rollins scored. Silva pitching for Phillies. Lieberthal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Phillies. Mueller singled to shallow right. Varitek struck out swinging. Suppan sacrificed to catcher, Mueller to second. Plesac pitching for Phillies. Damon walked. Walker walked, Mueller to third, Damon to second. Williams pitching for Phillies. Garciaparra flied out to left center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Thome singled to right. Burrell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. Utley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Phillies. Ortiz popped out to shallow left. Millar grounded out to second. Nixon walked. Mueller flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Stinnett hit for Williams. Suppan pitching for Red Sox. Perez fouled out to catcher. Stinnett batting. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Rollins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Kapler hit for Suppan. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Varitek flied out to deep left center. Kapler grounded out to third. Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox. Damon popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox. Abreu walked. Lieberthal singled to left, Abreu to second. Abreu stole third, Lieberthal safe at second on error by third baseman Mueller. Thome walked. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Burrell struck out swinging. Utley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Abreu out at home, Lieberthal to third, Thome to second. McCarty hit for Walker. Perez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 8th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. McCarty walked. Jackson ran for McCarty. Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop, Jackson to second. Ortiz doubled to deep center, Jackson and Garciaparra scored, Ortiz to third advancing on throw. Merloni ran for Ortiz. Millar grounded out to shortstop. Nixon hit by pitch. Mueller struck out looking. Jackson in left field. Merloni at second base. Millar at first base. Ledee hit for Cormier. Varitek grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Ledee homered to right center. Byrd walked. Rollins sacrificed to catcher, Byrd to second. Abreu intentionally walked. Lieberthal hit by pitch, Byrd to third, Abreu to second. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Thome singled to right center, Byrd and Abreu scored, Lieberthal to third. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Mirabelli catching. Burrell batting. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Ledee in left field. Mesa pitching for Phillies. Mirabelli walked. Damon lined out to shortstop. Jackson singled to right, Mirabelli to second. Mirabelli to third, Jackson to second on wild pitch by Mesa. Garciaparra intentionally walked. Merloni reached on infield single to third, Mirabelli scored, Jackson to third, Garciaparra to second. Wendell pitching for Phillies. Millar walked, Jackson scored, Garciaparra to third, Merloni to second. Nixon homered to right, Garciaparra, Merloni and Millar scored. Mueller singled to left. Kim lined into double play, to first, Mueller doubled off first. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Utley struck out swinging. Perez grounded out to third. Ledee doubled to right. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 13 - Phillies 9.	Red Sox beat Phils in 9th