Nationals - Top 1st . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson singled to right . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wilkerson out at second . Vidro fouled out to left . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to left . Polanco lined out to center . Rollins stole second , Rollins safe at third on throwing error by catcher Schneider . Abreu struck out swinging . Thome struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 2nd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Johnson singled to left . Castilla singled to left , Johnson to second , Johnson to third , Castilla to first on error by left fielder Burrell . V Castilla out at second . Sledge grounded out to second , Johnson scored . Schneider doubled to deep right . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Burrell reached on infield single to third . Lofton walked , Burrell to second . Bell singled to shallow right , Burrell to third , Lofton to second . Lieberthal grounded out to first , Burrell scored , Lofton to third , Bell to second . Lieber hit sacrifice fly to right , Lofton scored , Bell to third . Rollins flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson grounded out to first . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Abreu singled to shallow left . Thome flied out to left . Burrell doubled to deep right , Abreu scored . Lofton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to center . Castilla popped out to shortstop . Sledge popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Bell struck out swinging . Lieberthal grounded out to third . Lieber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Schneider lined out to center . Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Guzman reached on infield single to second , Hernandez to second . Vidro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to shallow right . Polanco singled to right center , Rollins to second . Abreu flied out to center , Rollins to third , Polanco to second . Thome intentionally walked . Burrell hit sacrifice fly to center , Rollins scored . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Lofton homered to right , Polanco and Thome scored . Bell singled to deep left , Bell out stretching at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Lieber pitching for Phillies . Guillen flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to third . Castilla singled to left . Sledge homered to right , Castilla scored . Davis hit for Tucker . Schneider walked . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Davis singled to right , Schneider to third . Horgan pitching for Phillies . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Horgan pitching for Nationals . Lieberthal singled to shallow center . Cormier sacrificed to first , Lieberthal to second . Rollins walked . Polanco singled to right , Lieberthal to third , Rollins to second . Abreu flied out to left . Thome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Cormier pitching for Phillies . Guzman struck out swinging . Vidro singled to left . Guillen singled to left , Vidro to second . Madson pitching for Phillies . Johnson walked , Vidro to third , Guillen to second . Castilla walked , Vidro scored , Guillen to third , Johnson to second . Osuna pitching for Phillies . Sledge grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castilla out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Osuna pitching for Nationals . Burrell singled to right center . Lofton walked , Burrell to second . Bell fouled out to third . Utley hit for Madson . Lieberthal singled to shallow left , Burrell to third , Lofton to second . Utley hit sacrifice fly to left , Burrell scored . Rollins walked , Lofton to third , Lieberthal to second . Worrell pitching for Nationals . Polanco flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Blanco hit for Osuna . Worrell pitching for Phillies . Schneider singled to right center . Blanco struck out swinging . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Eischen pitching for Phillies . Guzman grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Abreu grounded out to second . Thome hit by pitch . Burrell walked , Thome to second . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Lofton singled to center , Thome to third , Burrell to second . Perez at first base . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Bell lined out to first , Lofton tagged out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Wagner pitching for Phillies . Vidro grounded out to second . Guillen flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Phillies 8 .	Nats swatted by Phils in franchise debut