Nationals - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson singled to right . Guzman grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Wilkerson out at second . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Pierre grounded out to second . Encarnacion popped out to first . Cabrera homered to left center . Delgado struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . Castilla lined out to right . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Lowell flied out to center . Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher . Castillo walked . Castillo stole second , Castillo safe at third on throwing error by catcher Schneider . Gonzalez singled to right center , Castillo scored . Gonzalez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Willis batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Davis popped out to second . Schneider struck out swinging . Ohka reached on infield single to second . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Willis flied out to center . Pierre lined out to center . Encarnacion lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Guzman grounded out to third . Vidro flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Vidro . Delgado struck out swinging . Lowell singled to left , Cabrera to second . Lo Duca fouled out to first . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Castilla walked . Johnson struck out swinging . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez reached on bunt single to catcher . Willis bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gonzalez out at second . Pierre popped out to shortstop . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Schneider popped out to first . Ohka struck out looking . Wilkerson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Ohka pitching for Nationals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Delgado lined out to right . Lowell homered to left . Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Guzman grounded out to second . Vidro grounded out to third . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Guillen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Willis singled to right . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to right center . Osuna pitching for Nationals . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Osuna pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion doubled to left center . Cabrera homered to left , Encarnacion scored . Delgado walked . Lowell flied out to left . Lo Duca singled to center , Delgado to second . Castillo walked , Delgado to third , Lo Duca to second . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez walked , Delgado scored , Lo Duca to third , Castillo to second . Willis singled to right , Lo Duca and Castillo scored , Gonzalez to third . Pierre hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Willis out at second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Carroll hit for Schneider . Bennett hit for Eischen . Willis pitching for Marlins . Carroll singled to shallow left . Blanco hit for Wilkerson . Bennett grounded out to third , Carroll to second . Blanco singled to left , Carroll to third . Guzman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blanco out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Marlins 9 .	D - Train rolls over Nats with five - hit shutout