Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Counsell singled to right . Clayton grounded out to third , Counsell to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson struck out looking . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Vidro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Green struck out swinging . Tracy singled to center . Hill walked , Tracy to second . McCracken doubled to center , Tracy scored , Hill to third . Halsey struck out looking . Counsell singled to center , Hill and McCracken scored . Clayton struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Guillen singled to center . Castilla fouled out to catcher . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez singled to right . Glaus flied out to left . Green struck out swinging . Tracy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Davis struck out looking . Schneider flied out to left . Loaiza flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Hill grounded out to first . McCracken flied out to center . Halsey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson doubled to right . Guzman grounded out to second , Wilkerson to third . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to left , Wilkerson scored . Guillen popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Counsell grounded out to first . Clayton doubled to deep right center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla reached on infield single to third . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castilla out at second . Davis singled to left . Davis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop to pitcher to second . Schneider batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Green fouled out to first . Tracy doubled to deep left . Hill grounded out to third , Tracy to third . McCracken intentionally walked . Halsey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider flied out to center . Loaiza reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilkerson flied out to center . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Loaiza out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Loaiza pitching for Nationals . Counsell doubled to deep right . Horgan pitching for Nationals . Clayton sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Counsell to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . Tucker pitching for Nationals . Glaus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Vidro singled to left center . Guillen hit ground rule double to deep left , Vidro to third . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Vidro out at home . Sledge hit for Davis . Johnson tripled to deep center , Guillen and Castilla scored . Sledge walked . Church hit for Tucker . Schneider singled to center , Johnson scored , Sledge to second . Church struck out swinging , Sledge stole third , Schneider stole second . Wilkerson intentionally walked . Guzman walked , Sledge scored , Schneider to third , Wilkerson to second . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Vidro singled to right center , Schneider and Wilkerson scored , Guzman to third . Sledge in left field . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Guillen struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Green flied out to right . Tracy struck out looking . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla grounded out to third . Johnson singled to left . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Sledge grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Cintron hit for Bruney . Ayala pitching for Nationals . McCracken struck out swinging . Cintron popped out to third . Counsell popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Nationals 7 .	Nationals win fifth straight , lead NL East