Nationals - Top 1st . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Wilkerson flied out to center . Carroll reached on infield single to second . Carroll caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Ellison flied out to right . Vizquel singled to center . Snow struck out looking , Vizquel stole second . Alou flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Castilla flied out to center . Church singled to right . Schneider singled to right , Church to second . Guzman lined out to center . Chavez walked , Church to third , Schneider to second . Patterson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . Alfonzo lined out to right . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Wilkerson walked . Carroll sacrificed to first , Wilkerson to second . Johnson walked . Wilkerson stole third . Castilla popped out to shortstop . Church struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Patterson pitching for Nationals . Matheny singled to right . Schmidt sacrificed to first , Matheny to second . Ellison struck out looking . Vizquel walked . Snow walked , Matheny to third , Vizquel to second . Alou homered to left , Matheny , Vizquel and Snow scored . Feliz singled to left . Alfonzo flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Schmidt pitching for Giants . Schneider walked . Guzman singled to left center , Schneider to second . Guillen hit for Patterson . Chavez walked , Schneider to third , Guzman to second . Guillen singled to right , Schneider and Guzman scored , Chavez to third . Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to center , Chavez scored . Guillen to second on wild pitch by Schmidt . Carroll walked . Johnson doubled to right , Guillen and Carroll scored . Fassero pitching for Giants . Castilla flied out to right . Church singled to left , Johnson scored , Church to second advancing on throw . Schneider singled to center , Church scored . Church in center field . Day pitching for Nationals . Guillen in right field . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schneider out at second . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Day pitching for Nationals . Cruz flied out to center . Matheny flied out to center . Fassero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Fassero pitching for Giants . Day flied out to center . Guillen doubled to left . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Carroll fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Day pitching for Nationals . Ellison singled to center . Vizquel lined out to right . Snow walked , Ellison to second . Alou hit by pitch , Ellison to third , Snow to second . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Feliz singled to left , Ellison scored , Snow to third , Alou to second . Alfonzo doubled to left , Snow and Alou scored , Feliz to third . Cruz intentionally walked . Tucker hit for Fassero . Matheny singled to left , Feliz scored , Alfonzo to third , Cruz to second . Tucker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alfonzo out at home , Cruz to third , Matheny to second . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Ellison grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Johnson flied out to center . Castilla grounded out to shortstop . Church reached on bunt single to first . Schneider singled to left center , Church to second . Baerga hit for Carrasco . Guzman walked , Church to third , Schneider to second . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Baerga grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop . Snow grounded out to first . Herges pitching for Giants . Alou lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Herges pitching for Giants . Guillen flied out to center . Wilkerson flied out to right . Carroll reached on infield single to second . Johnson walked , Carroll to second . Castilla fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Feliz singled to left center . Alfonzo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Feliz out at second . Cruz singled to center . Matheny flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Eyre pitching for Giants . Church struck out swinging . Schneider grounded out to second . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Niekro hit for Eyre . Guzman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Niekro lined out to right . Ellison flied out to right . Accardo pitching for Giants . Hammonds hit for Ayala . Vizquel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Accardo pitching for Giants . Hammonds walked . Hammonds to second on wild pitch by Accardo . Guillen grounded out to second , Hammonds to third . Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to left , Hammonds scored . Carroll singled to center . Brower pitching for Giants . Johnson walked , Carroll to second . Castilla walked , Carroll to third , Johnson to second . Church doubled to left , Carroll , Johnson and Castilla scored . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Schneider grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Snow popped out to second . Alou grounded out to shortstop . Feliz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Giants 8 .	Nats rough up Schmidt , Giants ' ' pen in win