Nationals - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . Johnson hit by pitch . Guillen singled to center , Johnson to second . Church popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Nationals . Counsell flied out to left . Cintron struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla grounded out to second . Baerga hit ground rule double to deep left center . Schneider doubled to left , Baerga scored . Vargas popped out to second . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Nationals . Glaus singled to left . Green flied out to left . Tracy flied out to right . McCracken singled to center , Glaus to second . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCracken out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll grounded out to second . Johnson flied out to center . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Nationals . Vazquez flied out to right . Counsell doubled to right . Cintron grounded out to first . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Church grounded out to shortstop . Castilla struck out swinging . Baerga grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Nationals . Glaus flied out to right . Green struck out looking . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider grounded out to second . Vargas singled to right . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Nationals . McCracken grounded out to shortstop . Snyder singled to center . Vazquez reached on infield single to third , Snyder to second . Counsell singled to right , Snyder to third , Vazquez to second . Cintron lined out to third , Snyder scored , Vazquez to third , Counsell to second on error by second baseman Baerga . Gonzalez flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to first . Church struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Nationals . Glaus popped out to second . Green flied out to left . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla flied out to center . Baerga flied out to left . Blanco hit for Vargas . Schneider doubled to right . Blanco singled to center , Schneider scored . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Wilkerson popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . McCracken walked . Cruz hit for Vazquez . Snyder sacrificed to pitcher , McCracken to second . Cruz grounded out to second , McCracken to third . Counsell singled to left , McCracken scored . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Carroll out at second . Guillen flied out to center . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Church grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Glaus singled to left . Green singled to right , Glaus to second . Tracy singled to right , Glaus scored , Green to second , Green to third , Tracy to second on throwing error by right fielder Guillen . Clark hit for Snyder . McCracken intentionally walked . Hill hit for Cormier . Clark struck out swinging . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill catching . Hill grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 9th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Castilla flied out to center . Baerga flied out to left . Schneider flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Diamondbacks deal Nationals back - to - back 3 - 2 losses