Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Adams lined out to pitcher . Catalanotto hit by pitch . Catalanotto to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Wells struck out swinging . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Wilkerson walked . Spivey hit ground rule double to deep left , Wilkerson to third . Guillen fouled out to first . Johnson singled to left , Wilkerson scored , Spivey to third . Byrd singled to left , Spivey scored , Johnson to third . Castilla popped out to second . Schneider grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Byrd out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hinske flied out to center . Zaun walked . Rios struck out swinging . Hudson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Guzman struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Lilly flied out to left . Adams grounded out to first . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Spivey walked . Guillen walked , Spivey to second . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guillen out at second , Spivey to third . Byrd grounded out to second , Spivey scored , Johnson to second . Castilla singled to center , Johnson scored . Schneider struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wells singled to center . Hillenbrand singled to left , Wells to second . Hinske flied out to left . Zaun singled to right , Wells to third , Hillenbrand to second . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Wells out at home , Hillenbrand to third , Zaun to second . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Guzman fouled out to first . Hernandez grounded out to second . Johnson hit for Lilly . Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Adams reached on infield single to shortstop . Catalanotto flied out to left . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Wells lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Spivey lined out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to left . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Hillenbrand popped out to shortstop . Hinske struck out looking . Zaun walked . Rios walked , Zaun to second . Hudson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Byrd struck out swinging . Castilla popped out to second . Schneider walked . Menechino hit for Downs . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schneider out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Menechino struck out swinging . Adams grounded out to third . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto singled to left , Catalanotto out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez grounded out to second . Wilkerson grounded out to shortstop . Spivey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wells grounded out to pitcher . Hillenbrand hit by pitch . Hinske singled to left , Hillenbrand to second . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Zaun singled to center , Hillenbrand scored , Hinske to third . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hinske scored , Zaun out at second . Hudson flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Guillen lined out to right . Johnson doubled to right center . Byrd singled to center , Johnson to third . Byrd stole second , Johnson scored , Byrd safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Gross in right field . Castilla flied out to right . Schneider grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Gross flied out to right . Adams grounded out to second . Catalanotto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 2 - Nationals 5 .	Winning ways continue for Livan , Nats