Mets - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Reyes fouled out to first . Cameron homered to left . Beltran fouled out to first . Floyd grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Wilkerson struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wright grounded out to second . Anderson doubled to deep left . Castro struck out looking . Cairo intentionally walked . Glavine walked , Anderson to third , Cairo to second . Reyes lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Cordero singled to center . Castilla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cordero out at second . Byrd singled to left . Schneider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cameron grounded out to second . Beltran popped out to second . Floyd lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez singled to center . Wilkerson singled to right , Hernandez to second . Vidro grounded out to second , Hernandez to third , Wilkerson to second . Guillen intentionally walked . Cordero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wright flied out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . Castro singled to center . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Castilla singled to center . Byrd singled to right center , Castilla to third . Schneider lined out to third . Carroll singled to right , Castilla scored , Byrd to second . Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher , Byrd to third , Carroll to second . Wilkerson singled to center , Byrd and Carroll scored . Vidro reached on bunt single to third , Wilkerson to second . Guillen grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Glavine grounded out to shortstop . Reyes flied out to center . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Cordero grounded out to third . Castilla grounded out to third . Byrd struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Beltran doubled to deep center . Floyd singled to right , Beltran to third . Wright walked , Floyd to second . Anderson reached on infield single to third , Beltran scored , Floyd to third , Wright to second . Castro singled to left , Floyd and Wright scored , Castro out at first , Anderson to second . Cairo lined into double play , right to shortstop , Anderson doubled off second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Schneider grounded out to pitcher . Carroll safe at first on error by third baseman Wright . Carroll stole second . Hernandez flied out to right . Wilkerson walked . Vidro walked , Carroll to third , Wilkerson to second . Anderson at second base . Heilman pitching for Mets . Offerman at first base . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Offerman flied out to center . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Cordero grounded out to pitcher . Castilla flied out to center . Byrd grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Beltran singled to right center . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Floyd singled to left , Beltran to second . Wright flied out to right , Beltran to third . Anderson hit sacrifice fly to left , Beltran scored . Castro fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Schneider struck out swinging . Cepicky hit for Carrasco . Carroll safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Daubach hit for Heilman . Cepicky grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Daubach struck out looking . Offerman grounded out to second . Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop . Looper pitching for Mets . Cameron struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Looper pitching for Mets . Wilkerson flied out to left . Vidro lined out to first . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 5 - Nationals 3 .	Glavine , Mets top Nats , snap Hernandez 's win streak