Rockies - Top 1st . Armas pitching for Nationals . Sullivan struck out swinging . Miles singled to center . Helton walked , Miles to second . Byrnes singled to center , Miles scored , Helton to second . Atkins lined into double play , shortstop to second , Helton doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Kim pitching for Rockies . Wilkerson grounded out to pitcher . Vidro walked . Guillen doubled to deep left center , Vidro to third . Wilson doubled to center , Vidro scored , Guillen to third . Church grounded out to shortstop , Guillen scored , Wilson to third . Castilla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Armas pitching for Nationals . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Mohr singled to right center . Ardoin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mohr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Schneider singled to right . Guzman bunted into double play , pitcher to first to shortstop , Schneider out at second . Armas Jr singled to right . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Kim walked . Sullivan sacrificed to first , Kim to second . Miles struck out swinging . Helton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Kim pitching for Rockies . Vidro flied out to left . Guillen grounded out to third . Wilson singled to left . Church popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Byrnes popped out to second . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Castilla grounded out to third . Schneider singled to shallow right . Guzman walked , Schneider to second . Eischen sacrificed to pitcher , Schneider to third , Guzman to second , Eischen safe at first on error by pitcher Kim . Schneider to third on error by pitcher Kim . Schneider out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Guzman to third , Eischen to second on passed ball by Ardoin . Wilkerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Mohr reached on infield single to third , Mohr to second on throwing error by third baseman Castilla . Ardoin grounded out to shortstop . Kim grounded out to pitcher . Mohr to third on passed ball by Schneider . Sullivan tripled to deep center , Mohr scored . Miles struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Vidro flied out to center . Guillen flied out to left . Wilson walked . Church grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Helton doubled to deep center . Byrnes reached on infield single to third , Helton to third . Atkins safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman , Helton scored , Byrnes to second . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Byrnes to third , Atkins to second . Mohr intentionally walked . Ardoin hit sacrifice fly to right , Byrnes scored . Kim grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Kim pitching for Rockies . Castilla popped out to second . Schneider singled to center . Baerga hit for Carrasco . Guzman grounded out to second , Schneider to second . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Baerga fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Sullivan grounded out to second . Miles grounded out to second . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Helton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . DeJean pitching for Rockies . Wilkerson flied out to left . Vidro singled to center . Guillen hit by pitch , Vidro to second . Wilson walked , Vidro to third , Guillen to second . Church hit sacrifice fly to center , Vidro scored , Guillen scored , Wilson to third on throwing error by center fielder Sullivan . Castilla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Byrnes singled to right . Atkins lined into double play , to first , Byrnes doubled off first . Gonzalez hit by pitch . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Mohr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Schneider singled to right . Cordero hit for Ayala . Guzman struck out bunting foul . Cordero lined out to second . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Garabito hit for Ardoin . Wilkerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Closser hit for Acevedo . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Garabito singled to center . Closser sacrificed to pitcher , Garabito to second . Sullivan struck out swinging . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Closser catching . Miles safe at second on error by third baseman Castilla , Garabito scored , Miles advanced to first on play , Miles tagged out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Washington 's Vidro ejected by Wegner in the 9th . Guillen safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins . Carroll hit for Church . Wilson walked , Guillen to second . Carroll grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wilson out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Rockies 5 - Nationals 4 .	Castilla 's errors doom Nats in one - run loss to Rockies