Cardinals - Top 1st . Halama pitching for Nationals . Eckstein lined out to third . Edmonds fouled out to third . Pujols singled to center . Pujols caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Molina batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Diaz at first base . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Wilkerson lined out to second . Carroll grounded out to second . Johnson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Halama pitching for Nationals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Taguchi grounded out to first . Grudzielanek flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Wilson struck out swinging . Castilla walked . Bennett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castilla out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Halama pitching for Nationals . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Luna singled to center . Eldred struck out bunting foul . Eckstein safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla , Luna to second . Edmonds flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Halama struck out swinging . Wilkerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Halama pitching for Nationals . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Molina lined out to right . Taguchi flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Eldred pitching for Cardinals . Carroll singled to center . Johnson singled to center , Carroll to second . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second , Carroll to third . Wilson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Halama pitching for Nationals . Grudzielanek popped out to shortstop . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Luna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Castilla flied out to left . Bennett grounded out to shortstop . Guzman reached on infield single to first . Halama grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Nationals . Thompson struck out swinging . Eckstein doubled to deep left center . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Rodriguez hit for Diaz . Edmonds walked . Rodriguez walked , Eckstein to third , Edmonds to second . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Eckstein scored , Rodriguez out at second , Edmonds to third . Edmonds stole home , Molina stole second , Molina safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Johnson . Taguchi reached on infield single to pitcher , Molina scored . Seabol at first base . Rodriguez in left field . Taguchi in center field . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Wilkerson grounded out to first . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Nunez struck out swinging . Marquis hit for Thompson . Luna struck out looking . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Marquis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Guillen grounded out to third . Wilson struck out swinging . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Castilla lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Eckstein doubled to deep left . Seabol bunt popped out to pitcher . Rodriguez singled to left center , Eckstein scored . Molina singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Taguchi struck out swinging , Rodriguez stole third , Molina stole second . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Grudzielanek intentionally walked . Nunez singled to center , Rodriguez and Molina scored , Grudzielanek to third . Luna at second base . Mabry in right field . Luna grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Bennett struck out swinging . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Bergmann grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Mabry struck out swinging . Eckstein struck out swinging . King pitching for Cardinals . Seabol struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . King pitching for Cardinals . Wilkerson singled to right . Carroll walked , Wilkerson to second . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Carroll out at second , Wilkerson to third . Guillen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Nationals 0 .	Nationals GM rips team after loss to Cards