Nationals - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Wilkerson grounded out to second . Carroll struck out swinging . Wilson singled to deep left . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Pierre bunt popped out foul to catcher . Conine flied out to left . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Byrd doubled to deep left . Guzman grounded out to pitcher , Byrd to third . Bennett walked . Rauch reached on infield single to third , Byrd scored , Bennett to second . Wilkerson safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado , Bennett scored , Rauch to third . Carroll singled to left , Rauch scored , Wilkerson to second . Wilson reached on infield single to second , Wilkerson to third , Carroll to second , Wilkerson scored , Carroll to third on throwing error by second baseman Lowell . Johnson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Cabrera walked . Encarnacion singled to left , Cabrera to second . Lowell flied out to center . Lo Duca struck out swinging . Willis walked , Cabrera to third , Encarnacion to second . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Willis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman doubled to right . Byrd doubled to left center , Zimmerman scored . Guzman safe at first on error by shortstop Andino , Byrd to third . Bennett hit sacrifice fly to center , Byrd scored . Rauch sacrificed to pitcher , Guzman to second . Wilkerson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Pierre doubled to deep right . Conine popped out to third . Delgado grounded out to shortstop , Pierre to third . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Carroll flied out to right . Wilson walked . Johnson struck out looking . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Zimmerman lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion flied out to left . Lowell walked . Lo Duca fouled out to pitcher . Willis singled to left center , Lowell to second . Willingham catching . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Byrd singled to center . Guzman doubled to deep left center , Byrd scored . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Bennett walked . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bennett out at second , Guzman to third . Wilkerson walked , Stanton to second . Carroll doubled to deep right center , Guzman and Stanton scored , Wilkerson to third . Wilson popped out to third . Johnson intentionally walked . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Pierre singled to left . Conine singled to left , Pierre to second . Delgado flied out to left . Cabrera grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Valdez pitching for Marlins . Byrd struck out swinging . Guzman singled to center . Kelly hit for Stanton . Bennett struck out swinging . Kelly walked , Guzman to second . Wilkerson doubled to left , Guzman scored , Kelly to third . Carroll walked . Hughes pitching for Nationals . Wilson popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion walked . Lowell singled to left , Encarnacion to second . Harris hit for Valdez . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lowell out at second , Encarnacion to third . Quantrill pitching for Marlins . Harris grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Willingham out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Quantrill pitching for Marlins . Johnson walked . Spivey ran for Johnson . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Spivey out at second . Byrd homered to left . Wilkerson at first base . Watson in left field . Guzman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Nationals . Andino grounded out to second . Pierre flied out to right . Conine walked . Delgado walked , Conine to second . Cabrera singled to left , Conine scored , Delgado to second . Halama pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion walked , Delgado to third , Cabrera to second . Aguila in left field . Dillon at first base . Hermida in right field . Wilson at second base . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Quantrill pitching for Marlins . Bennett singled to right . Halama lined out to left . Wilkerson grounded out to second , Bennett to second . Carroll grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Treanor hit for Quantrill . Halama pitching for Nationals . Willingham hit ground rule double to deep left . Treanor popped out to second . Andino grounded out to second , Willingham to third . Villone pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Villone pitching for Marlins . Wilson struck out swinging . Watson struck out looking . Zimmerman reached on infield single to second . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Halama pitching for Nationals . Aguila singled to left . Dillon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Aguila out at second . Cabrera lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 11 - Marlins 1 .	D - Train hits a Washington roadblock in 11 - 1 loss