Blue Jays - Top 1st. Norris pitching for Orioles. Reyes singled to center. Pompey doubled to right, Reyes to third. Bautista singled to right, Reyes scored, Pompey to third. Encarnación hit sacrifice fly to center, Pompey scored. Donaldson walked. Navarro doubled to left, Bautista and Donaldson scored. Smoak flied out to center. Pillar grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to first. Pearce struck out swinging. Jones homered to left (389 feet). Davis grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Travis struck out looking. Reyes grounded out to second. Pompey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded out to shortstop. Machado grounded out to third. Snider singled to right center. Schoop singled to left, Snider to second. Joseph walked, Snider to third, Schoop to second. Cabrera lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Bautista doubled to left. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop, Bautista to third. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to right, Bautista scored. Navarro flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Pearce lined out to left. Jones doubled to deep left. Davis singled to shallow right, Jones to third. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Smoak singled to right. Pillar doubled to deep right, Smoak to third. Travis hit by pitch. Brach pitching for Orioles. Reyes struck out swinging. Pompey doubled to deep right, Smoak and Pillar scored, Travis to third. Bautista singled to shallow right, Travis scored, Pompey to third. Encarnación struck out swinging. Donaldson doubled to deep right center, Pompey and Bautista scored. Navarro grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Machado flied out to center. Snider fouled out to catcher. Schoop popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Smoak struck out swinging. Pillar grounded out to third. Travis singled to center. Reyes doubled to right, Travis to third. Pompey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Joseph doubled to deep left center. Cabrera lined out to right. Pearce grounded out to shortstop. Jones singled to deep left center, Joseph scored, Jones out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked. Encarnación struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to right, Bautista to third. Navarro hit sacrifice fly to left, Bautista scored. Smoak walked, Donaldson to second. Pillar flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Tolleson in right field. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Davis flied out to left. Young fouled out to first. Machado walked. Snider singled to center, Machado to second. Schoop grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado out at third, Snider to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Travis grounded out to third. Reyes singled to right center. Pompey flied out to left. Tolleson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right center. Pearce grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Orioles. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Donaldson flied out to right. Wright pitching for Orioles. Navarro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Hynes pitching for Blue Jays. Jones reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis doubled to deep right, Jones to third. Young singled to right, Jones scored, Davis to third. Machado grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis scored, Young out at second. Snider struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Orioles. Smoak singled to center. Pillar flied out to center. Travis doubled to deep center, Smoak to third. Reyes hit sacrifice fly to center, Smoak scored. Pompey lined out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Estrada pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop homered to left (432 feet). Joseph lined out to third. Cabrera flied out to left. Pearce popped out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Orioles 5.	Bautista breaks slump, gets 3 hits as Blue Jays beat Orioles