Rays - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Guyer grounded out to shortstop. Souza Jr. struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Reyes bunt grounded out to catcher. Donaldson singled to right center. Bautista homered to left center (369 feet), Donaldson scored. Encarnación struck out looking. Navarro grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria singled to center. Jennings grounded into fielder's choice to third, Longoria out at second. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to center, Jennings out at second. Kiermaier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Smoak walked. Pillar singled to right, Smoak to second. Pompey reached on bunt single to third, Smoak to third, Pillar to second. Travis struck out swinging. Reyes reached on infield single to pitcher, Smoak scored, Pillar to third, Pompey to second. Donaldson singled to center, Pillar and Pompey scored, Reyes to third. Bautista struck out swinging. Encarnación lined out to left. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Rivera popped out to second. Beckham reached on bunt single to third. Guyer walked, Beckham to second. Souza Jr. flied out to center. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Navarro walked. Smoak grounded out to first, Navarro to second. Pillar doubled to left, Navarro scored. Pompey struck out looking. Travis doubled to deep right, Pillar scored. Reyes popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Longoria struck out looking. Jennings reached on infield single to third. Forsythe reached on infield single to third, Jennings to second. Kiermaier grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jennings to third, Forsythe safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Buehrle. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kiermaier out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Rays. Donaldson singled to left. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación flied out to right. Beliveau pitching for Rays. Donaldson to third, Bautista to second on passed ball by Rivera. Navarro fouled out to first. Smoak singled to right center, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Pillar fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham struck out swinging. Guyer struck out looking. Souza Jr. homered to left (412 feet). Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Mahtook in center field. Forsythe at third base. Dykstra at first base. Beliveau pitching for Rays. Pompey flied out to right. Travis homered to left (369 feet). Tolleson hit for Reyes. Tolleson walked. Donaldson doubled to deep center, Tolleson scored. Bautista grounded out to third. Domínguez pitching for Rays. Encarnación grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Tolleson at shortstop. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Dykstra grounded out to first. Jennings grounded out to shortstop. Forsythe doubled to right center. Mahtook homered to center (422 feet), Forsythe scored. Rivera popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Dominguez pitching for Rays. Navarro grounded out to first. Smoak walked. Pillar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Beckham flied out to left. Guyer flied out to right. Souza Jr. struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Frieri pitching for Rays. Pompey homered to right (421 feet). Travis singled to right. Tolleson struck out looking. Donaldson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Travis out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera flied out to left. Dykstra walked. Wilson hit for Jennings. Wilson struck out looking. Forsythe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dykstra out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Balfour pitching for Rays. Valencia hit for Bautista. Valencia flied out to center. Encarnación grounded out to shortstop. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Valencia in right field. Redmond pitching for Blue Jays. Mahtook popped out to second. Rivera walked. Beckham singled to left center, Rivera to second. Guyer singled to left, Rivera to third, Beckham to second. Souza Jr. doubled to deep center, Rivera and Beckham scored, Guyer to third. Hynes pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Guyer scored. Dykstra walked. Wilson singled to center, Souza Jr. scored, Dykstra to second. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Forsythe struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 7 - Blue Jays 12.	Bautista starts Blue Jays rolling to 12-7 win over Rays