Blue Jays - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Donaldson homered to left (352 feet). Bautista doubled to deep right center. Encarnación walked. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnación out at second, Bautista to third. Pillar flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis homered to right (394 feet). Aviles struck out swinging. Brantley grounded out to first. Santana singled to right. Moss grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Saunders struck out swinging. Pompey struck out swinging. Goins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Raburn singled to right. Chisenhall sacrificed to third, Raburn to second. Hayes grounded out to third. Bourn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Diaz struck out looking. Donaldson singled to center. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación doubled to left, Donaldson scored, Bautista to third. Martin struck out swinging. Pillar tripled to deep right center, Bautista and Encarnación scored. Saunders struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis walked. Aviles singled to left, Kipnis to second. Brantley reached on infield single to third, Kipnis to third, Aviles to second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kipnis out at home, Aviles to third, Brantley to second. Moss doubled to deep right, Aviles and Brantley scored, Santana to third. Raburn intentionally walked. Chisenhall grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana scored, Raburn out at second, Moss to third. Hayes lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Pompey struck out swinging. Goins lined out to second. Diaz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn singled to right center. Kipnis flied out to center. Aviles doubled to deep right, Bourn thrown out at home. Brantley homered to center (395 feet), Aviles scored. Santana grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Donaldson walked. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnación grounded into double play, third to second to first, Donaldson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Moss flied out to center. Raburn singled to left center. Chisenhall singled to center, Raburn to second. Albers pitching for Blue Jays. Hayes homered to left center (396 feet), Raburn and Chisenhall scored. Bourn grounded out to second. Kipnis grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Martin flied out to right. Pillar singled to center. Pillar stole second. Saunders grounded out to second, Pillar to third. Pompey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Albers pitching for Blue Jays. Aviles lined out to left. Brantley lined out to left. Santana grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Goins flied out to left. Diaz grounded out to shortstop. Donaldson walked. Bautista doubled to deep left, Donaldson to third. Encarnación grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Blue Jays. Moss walked. Raburn flied out to right. Chisenhall grounded out to catcher, Moss to second. Hayes walked. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Martin struck out swinging. Pillar flied out to right. Saunders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Castro pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis singled to center. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kipnis safe at second on error by third baseman Donaldson. Brantley grounded out to first, Kipnis to third, Aviles to second. Santana struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Holt in left field. Allen pitching for Indians. Pompey flied out to right. Goins grounded out to second. Smoak hit for Diaz. Smoak doubled to deep left. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Indians 9.	Brantley, Hayes homer as Indians beat Blue Jays 9-4