Blue Jays - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Carrera flied out to left. Donaldson grounded out to second. Bautista popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Machado popped out to shortstop. Paredes grounded out to second. Jones grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Encarnación grounded out to third. Martin flied out to right. Colabello reached on infield single to shortstop. Pillar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Young grounded out to third. Davis flied out to right. Pearce lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Goins reached on bunt single to third. Tolleson grounded out to first, Goins to second. Carrera grounded out to pitcher, Goins to third. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy singled to shallow center. Snider flied out to right. Joseph struck out looking. Machado doubled to left, Hardy to third. Paredes singled to center, Hardy and Machado scored. Jones struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Bautista flied out to center. Encarnación walked. Martin singled to right, Encarnación to second. Colabello singled to left, Encarnación scored, Martin to second, Colabello to second, Martin tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. Pillar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Young lined out to second. Davis struck out swinging. Pearce lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Goins singled to shallow center. Tolleson struck out swinging. Carrera hit by pitch, Goins to second. Donaldson flied out to center. Bautista lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Hardy flied out to right. Snider grounded out to catcher. Joseph flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Encarnación homered to right (419 feet). Martin hit by pitch. Colabello struck out swinging. Pillar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Blue Jays. Machado doubled to left. Paredes struck out swinging. Jones intentionally walked. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Goins singled to left. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to first, Goins out at second, Smoak to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Travis ran for Smoak. Carrera struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to shallow center, Travis scored. Bautista hit ground rule double to deep left center, Donaldson to third. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Donaldson scored, Bautista to third on passed ball by Joseph. Encarnación homered to right (398 feet), Bautista scored. Martin singled to shallow right. Colabello grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Davis grounded out to second. Pearce struck out looking. Hardy fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Pillar singled to left. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pillar safe at third on error by first baseman Davis. Travis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pillar scored on throwing error by shortstop Hardy, Goins to third. Goins scored, Travis to second on wild pitch by McFarland. Carrera struck out swinging. Donaldson homered to center (435 feet), Travis scored. Brach pitching for Orioles. Bautista walked. Encarnación struck out swinging. Martin flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Snider safe at first on error by shortstop Goins. Joseph flied out to right. Machado singled to right center, Snider to second. Paredes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Machado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Brach pitching for Orioles. Colabello struck out looking. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Jones lined out to pitcher. Young grounded out to shortstop. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 10 - Orioles 2.	Encarnacion hits 2 HRs to carry Blue Jays past Orioles 10-2