Blue Jays - Top 1st. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Travis grounded out to second. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Altuve grounded out to second. Valbuena struck out swinging. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Encarnación grounded out to second. Martin grounded out to second. Valencia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis singled to left. Castro lined out to third. Tucker doubled to deep right, Gattis to third. Carter hit sacrifice fly to center, Gattis scored. González singled to left, Tucker scored, González to second advancing on throw. Marisnick singled to left, González scored. Altuve singled to left, Marisnick to second. Valbuena popped out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Colabello singled to left. Pillar walked, Colabello to second. Tolleson grounded out to pitcher, Colabello to third, Pillar to second. Travis flied out to right. Donaldson reached on infield single to third, Colabello scored, Pillar to third. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Springer homered to center (437 feet). Gattis struck out swinging. Castro popped out to third. Tucker grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Martin struck out swinging. Valencia singled to shallow center. Colabello grounded into double play, third to second to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Carter doubled to deep center. González flied out to center. Marisnick reached on infield single to shortstop. Altuve homered to left center (415 feet), Carter and Marisnick scored. Valbuena grounded out to pitcher. Springer grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Pillar struck out swinging. Tolleson grounded out to second. Travis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Gattis grounded out to third. Castro struck out swinging. Tucker doubled to left. Carter popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista reached on infield single to third. Encarnación walked, Bautista to second. Martin grounded out to pitcher, Bautista to third, Encarnación to second. Valencia doubled to left, Bautista and Encarnación scored. Colabello singled to right, Valencia scored. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Colabello out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. González popped out to third. Marisnick lined out to third. Altuve struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Keuchel pitching for Astros. Tolleson singled to right. Travis singled to center, Tolleson to second. Harris pitching for Astros. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Encarnación struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Valbuena homered to right (390 feet). Springer struck out swinging. Gattis grounded out to third. Castro hit by pitch. Tucker flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Martin grounded out to third. Valencia grounded out to pitcher. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Carter lined out to center. González grounded out to third. Marisnick grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Fields pitching for Astros. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. Goins hit for Tolleson. Goins struck out swinging. Travis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 4 - Astros 8.	Unbeaten Keuchel gets HR support, Astros beat Blue Jays