Blue Jays - Top 1st. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Reyes flied out to center. Donaldson struck out looking. Bautista doubled to deep left. Encarnación popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier doubled to left center. Hunter flied out to right, Dozier to third. Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left, Dozier scored, Mauer to first on error by left fielder Colabello. Plouffe singled to left, Mauer to second. Suzuki lined into double play, third to second, Mauer doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Twins. Martin singled to left. Colabello singled to right, Martin to third. Graham pitching for Twins. Carrera struck out swinging. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at home, Colabello to second. Goins singled to left, Colabello to third, Pillar to second. Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop, Colabello and Pillar scored, Goins to third, Reyes to second on error by shortstop Santana. Donaldson walked. Bautista flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Rosario singled to center. Núñez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rosario out at second. Hicks singled to right center. Hicks stole second. Santana popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Graham pitching for Twins. Encarnación flied out to right. Martin struck out swinging. Colabello struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier struck out swinging. Hunter lined out to right. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Graham pitching for Twins. Carrera singled to deep right, Carrera to second on error by right fielder Hunter. Pillar sacrificed to pitcher, Carrera to third. Goins hit sacrifice fly to left, Carrera scored. Reyes struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Plouffe popped out to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. Rosario flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista walked. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher, Bautista to second. Martin singled to center, Bautista scored. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Núñez grounded out to third. Hicks grounded out to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Carrera singled to left center. Pillar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carrera out at second. Goins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier doubled to deep left. Hunter flied out to center, Dozier to third. Mauer singled to left center, Dozier scored. Plouffe homered to left (416 feet), Mauer scored. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki walked. Rosario struck out swinging. Núñez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Stauffer pitching for Twins. Reyes singled to left center, Reyes out stretching at second. Donaldson homered to right (372 feet). Bautista doubled to deep left. Pressly pitching for Twins. Encarnación flied out to left. Martin walked. Colabello grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Hicks safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Reyes. Santana fouled out to third. Dozier singled to center, Hicks to second. Hunter doubled to deep left, Hicks and Dozier scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer grounded out to shortstop. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Plouffe struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Boyer pitching for Twins. Carrera grounded out to pitcher. Smoak hit for Pillar. Smoak reached on infield single to third. Kawasaki ran for Smoak. Kawasaki caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Goins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Carrera in center field. Kawasaki at second base. Goins in right field. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to third. Rosario struck out swinging. Núñez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Reyes singled to left. Donaldson flied out to center, Reyes to second. Bautista flied out to left. Encarnación popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - Twins 6.	Hunter's go-ahead double lifts Twins over Blue Jays 6-5