Blue Jays - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Reyes struck out swinging. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler fouled out to catcher. Céspedes doubled to deep left center. Cabrera singled to right, Céspedes scored. Martínez grounded into double play, second to pitcher to third. Cabrera out advancing to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Encarnación walked. Navarro flied out to right. Smoak popped out to shortstop. Pillar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. J.D. Martinez flied out to center. Avila struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Carrera grounded out to pitcher. Travis struck out swinging. Reyes popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Gose singled to center. Iglesias lined into double play, second to first, Gose doubled off first. Kinsler singled to right. Céspedes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Donaldson grounded out to third. Bautista popped out to catcher. Encarnación grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera singled to center. Romine ran for Cabrera. Martínez singled to right, Romine to third. J.D. Martinez struck out swinging. Avila walked, Martínez to second. Castellanos singled to left center, Romine scored, Martínez to third, Avila to second, Martínez scored, Avila to third, Castellanos to second on throwing error by left fielder Carrera. Gose singled to left, Avila scored, Castellanos scored, Gose to third on throwing error by left fielder Carrera. Iglesias hit sacrifice fly to center, Gose scored. Kinsler flied out to left. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Romine at first base. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. Smoak grounded out to first. Pillar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Céspedes grounded out to pitcher. Romine struck out looking. Martínez doubled to center, Martínez to third on throwing error by second baseman Travis. J.D. Martinez doubled to deep right, Martínez scored. Avila walked. Doubront pitching for Blue Jays. Castellanos flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Carrera grounded out to first. Travis grounded out to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Doubront pitching for Blue Jays. Gose grounded out to second. Iglesias struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Donaldson fouled out to right. Bautista walked. Encarnación struck out looking. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Goins at shortstop. Doubront pitching for Blue Jays. Céspedes lined out to right. Romine singled to right. Martínez singled to center, Romine to second. J.D. Martinez singled to left, Romine scored, Martínez to second. Avila grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, J.D. Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Smoak walked. Pillar fouled out to left. Carrera singled to left, Smoak to second. Travis singled to left, Smoak to third, Carrera to second. Goins singled to right, Smoak scored, Carrera to third, Travis to second. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Donaldson singled to center, Carrera and Travis scored, Goins to second. Bautista walked, Goins to third, Donaldson to second. Encarnación flied out to center. Navarro doubled to deep right center, Goins, Donaldson and Bautista scored. Rondón pitching for Tigers. Navarro to third on wild pitch by Rondón. Smoak walked. Colabello ran for Smoak. Pillar flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Colabello at first base. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Castellanos flied out to left. Gose walked. Iglesias grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gose out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Wilson at third base. Soria pitching for Tigers. Carrera bunt grounded out to pitcher. Travis struck out swinging. Goins singled to center. Goins to second on fielder's indifference. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Tigers 8.	Sanchez carries no-hitter into 8th as Tigers win