Royals - Top 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Escobar grounded out to third. Moustakas grounded out to pitcher. Cain doubled to right. Cain stole third. Hosmer walked. Morales doubled to left, Cain scored, Hosmer to third. Zobrist singled to shallow right, Hosmer and Morales scored. Zobrist caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pérez batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Cueto pitching for Royals. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to right. Infante struck out swinging. Escobar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Cueto pitching for Royals. Encarnación flied out to right. Smoak struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Moustakas popped out to shortstop. Cain fouled out to first. Hosmer singled to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Cueto pitching for Royals. Carrera reached on bunt single to third. Pillar singled to shallow left, Carrera to second. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pillar out at second, Carrera to third. Tulowitzki flied out to right. Donaldson doubled to deep left, Carrera and Goins scored. Bautista struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Rios flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Cueto pitching for Royals. Encarnación singled to deep right. Smoak struck out swinging. Martin flied out to center. Carrera singled to shallow left, Encarnación to second. Pillar singled to left, Encarnación scored, Carrera to second, Carrera thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Infante lined out to right. Escobar singled to center. Moustakas flied out to left. Escobar caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cain batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Cueto pitching for Royals. Goins struck out swinging. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. Donaldson walked. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Cain reached on infield single to second. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Hosmer reached on infield single to third, Cain to third, Cain scored, Hosmer to third on throwing error by third baseman Donaldson. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Morales hit sacrifice fly to left, Hosmer scored. Zobrist grounded out to second. Pérez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Cueto pitching for Royals. Encarnación doubled to left. Smoak struck out swinging. Martin walked. Carrera grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin out at second, Encarnación to third. Pillar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Rios singled to shallow left center. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rios out at second. Infante to second on wild pitch by Schultz. Escobar singled to center, Infante scored. Moustakas grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Madson pitching for Royals. Goins singled to left. Tulowitzki singled to center, Goins to second, Goins scored, Tulowitzki to second on error by center fielder Cain. Donaldson doubled to deep right center, Tulowitzki scored. Bautista singled to shallow left center, Donaldson to third. Herrera pitching for Royals. Encarnación walked, Bautista to second. Smoak grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Donaldson scored, Encarnación out at second, Bautista to third. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Sánchez pitching for Blue Jays. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. Morales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Carrera singled to left. Pillar sacrificed to first, Carrera to second. Goins grounded out to first, Carrera to third. Tulowitzki popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Zobrist flied out to left. Pérez struck out swinging. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Donaldson grounded out to second. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Encarnación popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 10th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Infante grounded out to third. Escobar grounded out to second. Moustakas lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Smoak popped out to third. Martin singled to shallow left center. Carrera struck out swinging. Pillar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 11th. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Cain grounded out to pitcher. Hosmer grounded out to first. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 11th. Morales pitching for Royals. Goins struck out looking. Tulowitzki singled to center. Tulowitzki to second on balk by Morales. Donaldson singled to center, Tulowitzki scored. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 6 - Blue Jays 7.	New-look Jays edge Royals in Cueto's K.C. debut