Tigers - Top 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Gose popped out to third. Kinsler singled to center. Cabrera flied out to center. Martínez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Donaldson singled to right. Bautista walked, Donaldson to second. Encarnación homered to left (391 feet), Donaldson and Bautista scored. Smoak doubled to deep right. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Smoak out at third. Martin caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Revere batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Castellanos singled to shallow right. Collins struck out swinging. Castellanos caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. McCann grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Revere doubled to deep right. Pillar popped out to second. Goins singled to center, Revere scored. Tulowitzki singled to right, Goins to third. Donaldson fouled out to first. Bautista flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Iglesias singled to right. Davis singled to right, Iglesias to third. Gose struck out swinging. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Iglesias scored, Davis to second. Cabrera grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Encarnación safe at second on error by right fielder Collins. Smoak walked. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Smoak out at second, Encarnación to third. Revere singled to center, Encarnación scored. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Martínez grounded out to second. Castellanos struck out swinging. Collins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Goins singled to center. Tulowitzki struck out looking, Goins stole second. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to center, Goins scored. Bautista popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. McCann struck out swinging. Iglesias reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis flied out to center. Gose singled to center, Iglesias to second. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gose out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Knudson pitching for Tigers. Encarnación grounded out to third. Smoak walked. Martin struck out swinging. Revere singled to center, Smoak to second. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Revere out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to second. Castellanos struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Knudson pitching for Tigers. Goins singled to center. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Goins to second on wild pitch by Knudson. Donaldson singled to right, Goins scored, Donaldson to second advancing on throw. Bautista flied out to center, Donaldson to third. Encarnación homered to left (371 feet), Donaldson scored. Smoak hit ground rule double to left. Martin intentionally walked. Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers. Revere flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Collins grounded out to second. McCann struck out swinging, McCann safe at first on wild pitch by Hutchison. Iglesias lined out to center. Davis fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Romine at second base. Gorzelanny pitching for Tigers. Pillar struck out swinging. Goins grounded out to third. Tulowitzki walked. Donaldson hit ground rule double to deep center, Tulowitzki to third. Pennington ran for Donaldson. Bautista walked. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Encarnación homered to right center (389 feet), Tulowitzki, Pennington and Bautista scored. Smoak walked. Martin homered to right (403 feet), Smoak scored. Revere singled to left. Pillar singled to left, Revere to second. Goins flied out to left. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Pennington at third base. Carrera in right field. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Gose walked. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gose out at second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Avila at first base. Feliz pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. Pennington struck out swinging. Carrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Castellanos struck out looking. Collins flied out to center. McCann singled to right. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 1 - Blue Jays 15.	Encarnacion hits 3 HRs, 9 RBIs as Blue Jays rout Tigers