Orioles - Top 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Machado flied out to center. Parra grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Revere flied out to left. Donaldson struck out looking. Bautista walked. Encarnación grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Davis homered to right (417 feet). Wieters grounded out to first. Schoop lined out to right. Paredes singled to center. Pearce hit by pitch, Paredes to second. Flaherty doubled to deep right, Paredes scored, Pearce to third. Machado grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Colabello walked. Martin singled to center, Colabello to second. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin out at second, Colabello to third, Colabello scored on throwing error by shortstop Machado. Goins stole second. Pillar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Jones struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Donaldson grounded out to third. Bautista struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Wieters grounded out to shortstop. Schoop singled to left. Paredes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schoop out at second. Pearce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Encarnación walked. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Colabello singled to left, Encarnación to second. Martin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Colabello out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Flaherty struck out swinging. Machado grounded out to third. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Goins walked. Pillar singled to center, Goins to second. Revere grounded out to second, Goins to third, Pillar to second. Donaldson hit sacrifice fly to left, Goins scored, Pillar to third. Bautista walked. Encarnación grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bautista out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to right. Davis homered to left center (420 feet), Jones scored. Wieters homered to left (354 feet). Schoop hit ground rule double to left. Paredes singled to left, Schoop to third. Hendriks pitching for Blue Jays. Pearce reached on infield single to pitcher, Paredes to second. Flaherty struck out looking. Machado hit sacrifice fly to left, Schoop scored. Parra popped out to catcher. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Jimenez pitching for Orioles. Tulowitzki safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Schoop. Colabello singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Martin grounded into double play, third to second to first, Colabello out at second, Tulowitzki to third. Goins walked. Givens pitching for Orioles. Pillar lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Jones hit by pitch. Davis struck out looking. Wieters grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones safe at second on error by second baseman Goins. Schoop flied out to center, Jones to third. Paredes fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Revere flied out to left. Donaldson flied out to right. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Schultz pitching for Blue Jays. Pearce popped out to shortstop. Flaherty walked. Machado doubled to deep left, Flaherty to third. Parra doubled to right, Flaherty and Machado scored. Jones homered to center (439 feet), Parra scored. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Davis grounded out to first. Wieters grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Encarnación lined out to center. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. Colabello doubled to right. Martin singled to right, Colabello to third. Goins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Francis pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Lake hit for Paredes. Lake struck out looking. Pearce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Drake pitching for Orioles. Pillar reached on infield single to second. Revere struck out swinging. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop, Pillar to second. Encarnación walked, Pillar to third, Bautista to second. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 10 - Blue Jays 2.	O's Davis hits HRs 39, 40, passes Cruz for lead