Rangers - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields doubled to deep left. Choo grounded out to second, DeShields to third. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to first, DeShields scored. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. Moreland flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Revere grounded out to first. Donaldson struck out swinging. Bautista flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton walked. Andrus bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hamilton out at second. Odor singled to shallow right, Andrus to second. Gimenez struck out swinging. Andrus caught stealing third, catcher to third. DeShields batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Encarnación walked. Colabello singled to right center, Encarnación to second. Tulowitzki struck out looking. Martin flied out to right, Encarnación to third. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. DeShields grounded out to third. Choo homered to right (389 feet). Fielder grounded out to second. Beltré singled to shallow right center. Moreland flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Goins struck out looking. Revere reached on infield single to shortstop. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop, Revere to second. Bautista doubled to left, Revere scored. Encarnación intentionally walked. Colabello grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher. Martin flied out to right. Pillar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gimenez reached on infield single to shortstop. DeShields grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gimenez out at second. Choo struck out swinging. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Goins struck out swinging. Revere bunt grounded out to third. Donaldson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Beltré struck out swinging. Moreland grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton doubled to deep left center. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Bautista fouled out to shortstop. Encarnación homered to left (457 feet). Colabello struck out swinging. Tulowitzki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Odor singled to shallow left. Gimenez sacrificed to pitcher, Odor to second. DeShields grounded out to third, Odor to third. Choo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Stubbs in center field. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Martin safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Pillar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Martin safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Moreland. Pompey ran for Martin. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Pompey to third, Pillar safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus. Revere grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pompey out at home, Pillar to third, Goins to second. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pillar scored, Revere out at second, Goins to third. Bautista homered to center (442 feet), Goins and Donaldson scored. Encarnación reached on infield single to third. Colabello singled to shallow right, Encarnación to second. Tulowitzki fouled out to catcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 3 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Smoak at first base. Navarro catching. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Fielder singled to shallow left center. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fielder out at second. Moreland walked, Beltré to second. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Hamilton struck out swinging. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Navarro flied out to center. Pillar flied out to center. Goins fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Osuna pitching for Blue Jays. Odor lined out to second. Napoli hit for Gimenez. Napoli struck out swinging. Venable hit for Stubbs. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Blue Jays 6.	Blue Jays overcome bizarre play, advance to ALCS