Marlins - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Gordon flied out to right . Realmuto grounded out to third . Yelich grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Span walked . Panik singled to right , Span to third . Duffy hit sacrifice fly to right , Span scored . Posey singled to left , Panik to third . Belt singled to center , Panik scored , Posey to second . Pence walked , Posey to third , Belt to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posey scored , Pence out at second , Belt to third . Samardzija grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Stanton grounded out to third . Bour flied out to right . Ozuna struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Pagán walked . Span sacrificed to pitcher , Pagán to second . Panik grounded out to second , Pagán to third . Duffy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Dietrich fouled out to third . Hechavarría grounded out to third . Cosart singled to center . Gordon singled to center , Cosart to second , Cosart to third , Gordon to second on error by center fielder Span . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Posey walked . Belt struck out looking . Pence doubled to right , Posey to third . Crawford intentionally walked . Samardzija grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Posey out at home , Pence to third , Crawford to second . Pagán lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Yelich doubled to deep left center . Stanton flied out to center , Yelich to third . Bour singled to center , Yelich scored . Ozuna singled to right , Bour to second . Dietrich struck out looking . Hechavarría lined out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Span singled to center . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Span out at second . Duffy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Panik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Cosart grounded out to third . Gordon struck out swinging . Realmuto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Cosart pitching for Marlins . Posey singled to left . Belt singled to center , Posey to second . Pence grounded out to pitcher , Posey to third , Belt to second . Crawford intentionally walked . Samardzija singled to right , Posey scored , Belt to third , Crawford to second . Ureña pitching for Marlins . Pagán singled to right , Belt scored , Crawford to third , Samardzija to second . Span singled to left , Crawford scored , Samardzija to third , Pagán to second . Panik struck out looking . Duffy grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Yelich doubled to left . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Bour struck out swinging . Ozuna lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Urena pitching for Marlins . Posey flied out to right . Belt grounded out to second . Pence reached on infield single to third . Crawford doubled to right , Pence to third . Samardzija doubled to left , Pence and Crawford scored . Pagán fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Dietrich grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki hit for Ureña . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Span walked . Panik grounded out to first , Span to second . Duffy struck out looking . Posey grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Gordon flied out to center . Realmuto struck out swinging . López pitching for Giants . Yelich doubled to right . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Belt lined out to shortstop . Pence grounded out to pitcher . Crawford doubled to deep right . Gillaspie hit for López . Gillaspie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Broadway pitching for Giants . Bour singled to left . Ozuna struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bour out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 1 - Giants 8 .	Righty Jeff Samardzija drives in 3 runs , wins home debut