Brewers - Top 1st . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Villar doubled to left . Presley walked . Braun flied out to right , Villar to third . Carter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Presley out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Dietrich grounded out to second . Prado doubled to center . Yelich grounded out to pitcher , Prado to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis walked . Walsh struck out looking . Maldonado flied out to right . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Bour grounded out to second . Ozuna singled to center . Realmuto singled to deep center , Ozuna scored , Realmuto out at second . Hechavarría singled to right . Fernández grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Peralta struck out looking . Villar singled to center . Villar stole second . Villar safe at third on throwing error by catcher Realmuto . Presley struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Dietrich singled to left . Prado lined into double play , second to first , Dietrich doubled off first . Yelich walked . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Carter struck out swinging . Nieuwenhuis walked . Nieuwenhuis caught stealing second , pitcher to shortstop . Walsh struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Bour singled to center . Ozuna struck out looking . Realmuto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bour out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Maldonado singled to right center . Rivera struck out swinging . Peralta bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to second , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Hechavarría reached on infield single to shortstop . Fernández struck out bunting foul . Dietrich fouled out to catcher . Prado singled to right , Hechavarría to third . Yelich lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Villar struck out swinging . Presley struck out swinging . Braun doubled to deep center . Carter flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Stanton struck out swinging . Bour walked . Ozuna reached on infield single to second , Bour to second . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bour to third , Ozuna safe at second on error by shortstop Villar . Hechavarría singled to left , Bour scored , Ozuna to third , Realmuto to second . Fernández grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hechavarría out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Fernandez pitching for Marlins . Nieuwenhuis grounded out to second . Walsh struck out swinging . Maldonado walked . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Kirkman pitching for Brewers . Dietrich tripled to deep right , Dietrich scored on throwing error by second baseman Rivera . Prado lined out to center . Yelich walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Rojas at first base . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Flores hit for Kirkman . Flores singled to center . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Flores out at second . Presley struck out swinging . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Brewers . Ozuna walked . Realmuto struck out swinging . Hechavarría grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second , Hechavarría to second on error by first baseman Carter . Suzuki hit for Phelps . Suzuki walked . Dietrich singled to center , Hechavarría scored , Suzuki to third . Prado grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Carter walked . Nieuwenhuis walked , Carter to second . Walsh struck out looking . Lucroy hit for Maldonado . Carter to third , Nieuwenhuis to second on wild pitch by Ramos . Lucroy struck out looking . Hill hit for Rivera . Hill walked . Santana hit for Torres . Morris pitching for Marlins . Santana walked , Carter scored , Nieuwenhuis to third , Hill to second . Villar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 1 - Marlins 4 .	Jose Fernandez pitches Miami past Brewers 4 - 1