Marlins - Top 1st . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Dietrich flied out to center . Prado singled to right , Prado out stretching at second . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Herrera flied out to center . Hernández singled to right center . Franco grounded out to shortstop , Hernández to second . Ruiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Stanton flied out to left . Bour lined out to first . Ozuna homered to left center ( 434 feet ) . Realmuto walked . Hechavarría flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Joseph lined out to center . Galvis popped out to shortstop . Goeddel singled to center . Eickhoff singled to center , Goeddel to second . Bourjos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Conley struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded out to first . Prado singled to center . Yelich doubled to right center , Prado to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Herrera flied out to left . Hernández grounded out to second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Bour grounded out to pitcher . Ozuna lined out to left . Realmuto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Ruiz walked . Joseph flied out to center . Galvis singled to right , Ruiz to second . Goeddel singled to left , Ruiz scored , Galvis to second . Eickhoff struck out swinging . Bourjos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Hechavarría doubled to left . Conley reached on fielder 's choice to catcher . Dietrich walked , Hechavarría to third , Conley to second . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Hechavarría scored . Yelich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dietrich out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Herrera reached on bunt single to catcher . Herrera to second on wild pitch by Conley . Hernández struck out swinging . Franco struck out looking . Ruiz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Eickhoff pitching for Phillies . Stanton struck out swinging . Bour homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Ozuna grounded out to third . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Joseph singled to center . Galvis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Joseph out at second . Goeddel doubled to deep right . Burriss hit for Eickhoff . Burriss lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Bailey pitching for Phillies . Hechavarría doubled to deep right . Suzuki hit for Conley . Hechavarría to third on wild pitch by Bailey . Suzuki walked . Dietrich hit sacrifice fly to left , Hechavarría scored . Prado walked , Suzuki to second . Araujo pitching for Phillies . Yelich doubled to deep left , Suzuki scored , Prado to third . Stanton intentionally walked . Bour struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Rojas at first base . Bourjos struck out swinging . Herrera singled to right . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Herrera safe at second on error by second baseman Dietrich . Franco walked , Herrera to third , Hernández to second . Ruiz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Herrera scored , Franco out at second , Hernández to third . Joseph struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 8th . Murray pitching for Phillies . Realmuto doubled to left . Hechavarría singled to right , Realmuto to third . Rojas sacrificed to pitcher , Hechavarría to second . Dietrich intentionally walked . Prado fouled out to right . Yelich lined out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Johnson at first base . Rojas at second base . Galvis struck out looking . Goeddel grounded out to shortstop . Lough hit for Murray . Lough flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Hernandez pitching for Phillies . Stanton reached first base on catcher 's interference . Johnson struck out swinging . Ozuna struck out swinging . Realmuto walked , Stanton to second . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Blanco hit for Bourjos . Blanco hit by pitch . Herrera singled to right center , Blanco to second . Hernández flied out to center , Blanco to third . Franco hit sacrifice fly to center , Blanco scored . Herrera to second on fielder 's indifference . Ruiz struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Phillies 3 .	Ozuna , Bour hit homers to lead Marlins past Phillies 5 - 3