Marlins - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Braves . Suzuki grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to second . Ozuna singled to left . Bour singled to deep right , Ozuna to second . Realmuto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Inciarte singled to shallow left , Inciarte out stretching at second . Beckham singled to deep right . Freeman hit by pitch , Beckham to second . Flowers struck out swinging . Markakis fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Braves . Dietrich flied out to center . Gillespie grounded out to shortstop . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Francoeur singled to center . d'Arnaud singled to right , Francoeur to second . Aybar flied out to right , Francoeur to third . Pérez bunt popped out to pitcher . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Braves . Conley struck out swinging . Suzuki doubled to deep center . Prado reached on infield single to second , Suzuki to third . Ozuna doubled to deep right center , Suzuki scored , Prado to third . Bour grounded out to second , Prado scored , Ozuna to third . Realmuto walked . Dietrich grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Beckham walked . Beckham to second on wild pitch by Conley . Freeman struck out swinging . Flowers hit by pitch . Markakis struck out looking . Francoeur flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Braves . Gillespie singled to left . Hechavarría grounded out to second , Gillespie to second . Conley struck out looking . Suzuki lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud grounded out to second . Aybar hit by pitch . Pérez sacrificed to catcher , Aybar to second . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Castro at shortstop . Perez pitching for Braves . Prado grounded out to first . Ozuna struck out swinging . Bour grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Beckham lined out to center . Freeman singled to left . Flowers doubled to deep center , Freeman scored . Markakis singled to left center , Flowers to third . Francoeur singled to left center , Flowers scored , Markakis to second . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud grounded out to second , Markakis to third , Francoeur to second . Castro lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Braves . Realmuto grounded out to third . Dietrich singled to right . Gillespie grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Smith hit for Pérez . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Smith singled to center . Inciarte flied out to left . Beckham lined out to left . Freeman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Norris pitching for Braves . Hechavarría flied out to right . Yelich hit for Wittgren . Yelich walked . Suzuki lined out to right . Prado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Flowers struck out looking . Markakis walked . Francoeur singled to center , Markakis to second . d'Arnaud struck out looking . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Norris pitching for Braves . Ozuna singled to center . Krol pitching for Braves . Bour grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ozuna out at second . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bour out at second . Realmuto caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Dietrich batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Johnson hit for Krol . Johnson doubled to shallow left . Inciarte intentionally walked . Beckham bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Johnson out at third , Inciarte to second . Freeman singled to right , Inciarte to third , Beckham to second . Flowers grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inciarte out at home , Beckham to third , Freeman to second . Markakis singled to left , Beckham and Freeman scored , Flowers to second . Francoeur singled to left , Flowers to third , Markakis to second . d'Arnaud popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Vizcaíno pitching for Braves . Dietrich grounded out to second . Gillespie struck out swinging . Hechavarría flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 2 - Braves 4 .	Markakis has 2 - run single in 8th , Braves top Marlins 4 - 2