Rockies - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Marlins . Blackmon flied out to center . LeMahieu lined out to right . González singled to deep center . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Dietrich singled to right , Dietrich out stretching at second . Prado walked . Yelich singled to right , Prado to third . Ozuna hit sacrifice fly to right , Prado scored . Stanton singled to right , Yelich to third . Bour struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Marlins . Story singled to center . Raburn walked , Story to second . Reynolds lined out to right . Hundley flied out to center . Chatwood flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Realmuto struck out swinging , Realmuto safe at first on wild pitch by Chatwood . Hechavarría singled to right , Realmuto to second . Chen bunted into double play , catcher to third to second , Realmuto out at third , Hechavarría to second . Dietrich walked . Prado walked , Hechavarría to third , Dietrich to second . Butler pitching for Rockies . Yelich singled to center , Hechavarría and Dietrich scored , Prado to second . Ozuna flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Marlins . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu tripled to right . González singled to center , LeMahieu scored . Arenado doubled to deep left , González to third . Story hit by pitch . Raburn singled to left , González scored , Arenado to third , Story to second . Reynolds walked , Arenado scored , Story to third , Raburn to second . Hundley doubled to deep right center , Story , Raburn and Reynolds scored . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Butler grounded out to first , Hundley to third . Blackmon lined out to second . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Butler pitching for Rockies . Stanton singled to left center . Bour homered to right center ( 448 feet ) , Stanton scored . Realmuto doubled to left . Hechavarría flied out to center , Realmuto to third . McGowan struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . González walked . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , González out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Prado lined out to right . Yelich flied out to left . Ozuna grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Story flied out to center . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Butler pitching for Rockies . Stanton singled to left . Bour singled to left , Stanton to second . Realmuto homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Stanton and Bour scored . Hechavarría grounded out to shortstop . Gillespie hit for McGowan . Gillespie tripled to deep right . Dietrich singled to right , Gillespie scored . Prado struck out looking . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dietrich out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Hundley flied out to center . Adames hit for Butler . Adames grounded out to shortstop . Blackmon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Stanton grounded out to second . Bour walked . Realmuto reached on infield single to pitcher , Bour to second . Hechavarría grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Johnson at first base . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu struck out looking . González struck out swinging . Arenado singled to right . Story walked , Arenado to second . Raburn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Barnes in left field . Suzuki hit for Barraclough . Suzuki walked . Dietrich doubled to deep right , Suzuki thrown out at home . Prado struck out swinging . Yelich lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Rojas at second base . Reynolds struck out looking . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Barnes grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Miller pitching for Rockies . Ozuna grounded out to catcher . Stanton grounded out to second . Johnson singled to center . Realmuto reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to second . Hechavarría struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Marlins . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . González struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 6 - Marlins 9 .	Stanton 's 3 hits help Marlins beat Rockies 9 - 6