Rockies - Top 1st . Arthur Clemens pitching for Marlins . Blackmon flied out to center . LeMahieu flied out to right . Arenado singled to right . González reached on infield single to third , Arenado out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Prado flied out to right . Ozuna homered to left ( 413 feet ) . Stanton homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Marlins . Story homered to left ( 394 feet ) . Raburn grounded out to shortstop . Reynolds homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Hundley homered to left ( 369 feet ) . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Realmuto struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded out to second . Hechavarría flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Arthur Clemens pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu flied out to center . Arenado grounded out to third . González popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Clemens struck out swinging . Suzuki grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Marlins . Story walked . Raburn grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Story out at second . Reynolds walked . Hundley walked , Reynolds to second . De La Rosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ozuna homered to left ( 416 feet ) . Stanton reached on infield single to third . Johnson lined out to center . Realmuto safe at first on error by first baseman Reynolds , Stanton to third . Dietrich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 5th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Marlins . Blackmon singled to right . LeMahieu reached on bunt single to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado grounded into double play , third to second to first , LeMahieu out at second , Blackmon to third . González lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hechavarría grounded out to third . Gillespie hit for Clemens . Gillespie grounded out to third . Suzuki walked . Prado walked , Suzuki to second . Ozuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Story struck out looking . Raburn fouled out to first . Reynolds homered to left ( 385 feet ) . Hundley popped out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded out to shortstop . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Realmuto doubled to deep right . Dietrich grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Adames hit for De La Rosa . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Adames walked . Blackmon reached on bunt single to first , Adames to second . LeMahieu singled to right , Adames to third , Blackmon to second . Arenado struck out swinging . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Bour at first base . González struck out swinging . Story grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Barnes in left field . Qualls pitching for Rockies . Hechavarría doubled to center . Logan pitching for Rockies . Bour struck out swinging . Suzuki walked . Castro pitching for Rockies . Prado grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Barnes grounded out to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Hundley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Motte pitching for Rockies . Ozuna struck out looking . Stanton struck out swinging . Yelich hit for McGowan . Yelich hit by pitch . Yelich stole second . Realmuto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Descalso hit for Motte . Descalso struck out looking . Blackmon homered to center ( 426 feet ) . LeMahieu singled to left . Arenado struck out swinging . González grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LeMahieu out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Dietrich struck out swinging . Hechavarría singled to center . Bour grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Hechavarría out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 5 - Marlins 3 .	Reynolds hits 2 homers , Rockies win 5 - 3 in slugfest