Marlins - Top 1st . Harvey pitching for Mets . Realmuto singled to center . Prado grounded into double play , second to first , Realmuto out at second . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Granderson flied out to left . Walker grounded out to first . Céspedes fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Ozuna grounded out to shortstop . Stanton singled to left , Stanton to second on throwing error by left fielder Nimmo . Dietrich struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right , Stanton scored , Johnson to second advancing on throw . Hechavarría doubled to deep center , Johnson scored . Koehler singled to right , Hechavarría scored . Realmuto singled to center , Koehler to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Koehler out at third , Realmuto to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Loney lined out to first . Cabrera singled to right center . Flores flied out to left . Nimmo singled to shallow left center , Cabrera to second . d'Arnaud lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Harvey pitching for Mets . Yelich grounded out to first . Ozuna singled to right . Stanton struck out swinging . Dietrich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Harvey singled to center . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Harvey out at second . Walker walked , Granderson to second . Céspedes lined out to center . Loney reached on infield single to second , Granderson to third , Walker to second . Cabrera fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Harvey pitching for Mets . Johnson singled to right . Hechavarría singled to right , Johnson to second . Koehler fouled out to first . Realmuto singled to left , Johnson to third , Hechavarría to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson scored on throwing error by pitcher Harvey , Hechavarría to third , Realmuto to second . Yelich singled to center , Hechavarría and Realmuto scored , Prado to second , Prado thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . Goeddel pitching for Mets . Ozuna struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 4th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Flores grounded out to second . Nimmo lined out to left . d'Arnaud homered to right center ( 399 feet ) . De Aza hit for Goeddel . De Aza flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Verrett pitching for Mets . Stanton grounded out to third . Dietrich struck out swinging . Johnson singled to right . Hechavarría grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Koehler pitching for Marlins . Granderson homered to right ( 364 feet ) . Walker flied out to left . Céspedes singled to right . Loney lined into double play , shortstop to first , Céspedes doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Gillespie hit for Koehler . Verrett pitching for Mets . Gillespie lined out to right . Realmuto singled to right . Prado lined out to center . Yelich singled to right , Realmuto to second . Ozuna fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Cabrera singled to shallow left . Flores singled to center , Cabrera to third . Nimmo walked , Flores to second . d'Arnaud reached on infield single to shortstop , Cabrera scored , Flores to third , Nimmo to second . Johnson hit for Verrett . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Flores scored , d'Arnaud out at second , Nimmo to third . Granderson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Robles pitching for Mets . Stanton flied out to left . Dietrich singled to right . Johnson struck out swinging . Hechavarría struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Walker walked . Céspedes doubled to left , Walker to third . Loney grounded out to second , Walker scored , Céspedes to third . Cabrera intentionally walked . Flores hit sacrifice fly to center , Céspedes scored . Cabrera stole second . Nimmo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Suzuki hit for Phelps . Robles pitching for Mets . Suzuki doubled to deep right center . Realmuto walked . Prado bunted into double play , first to third to second , Suzuki out at third , Realmuto to second . Blevins pitching for Mets . Realmuto stole third . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . d'Arnaud reached on infield single to shortstop . Lagares hit for Blevins . Lagares sacrificed to third , d'Arnaud to second . Granderson flied out to center . Walker walked . Céspedes doubled to deep right center , d'Arnaud and Walker scored . Loney struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Céspedes in left field . Familia pitching for Mets . Lagares in center field . Ozuna walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Dietrich singled to center , Ozuna to third . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Dietrich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Mets 8 .	Cespedes , Mets rally from 6 runs down to beat Marlins 8 - 6