Phillies - Top 1st . Conley pitching for Marlins . Hernández grounded out to shortstop . Herrera flied out to center . Franco singled to center . Joseph flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Realmuto doubled to deep left . Prado singled to right , Realmuto to third . Yelich grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Realmuto scored , Prado out at second . Stanton homered to left center ( 430 feet ) , Yelich scored . Ozuna safe at first on error by pitcher Eflin . Ozuna caught stealing second , catcher to second . Hechavarría walked . Rojas lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 2nd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Rupp struck out swinging . Goeddel grounded out to first . Featherston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Kelly singled to center . Conley sacrificed to first , Kelly to second . Realmuto walked . Prado singled to right , Kelly to third , Realmuto to second . Yelich struck out looking . Stanton fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Conley pitching for Marlins . Paredes struck out swinging . Eflin singled to right . Hernández singled to left center , Eflin to second . Herrera reached on bunt single to third , Eflin to third , Hernández to second . Franco grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eflin out at home , Hernández to third , Herrera to second . Joseph fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Ozuna singled to center . Hechavarría lined out to right . Rojas flied into double play , right to first , Ozuna doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Rupp struck out looking . Goeddel popped out to catcher . Featherston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Kelly tripled to deep right . Conley hit sacrifice fly to center , Kelly scored . Realmuto lined out to shortstop . Prado flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Paredes singled to left . Eflin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Paredes out at second . Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop . Hernández picked off first . Herrera batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Yelich walked . Stanton flied out to center , Yelich out at second . Ozuna lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Herrera walked . Franco singled to left , Herrera to second . Joseph flied out to left . Rupp walked , Herrera to third , Franco to second . Goeddel struck out swinging . Featherston flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Eflin pitching for Phillies . Hechavarría singled to left . Hechavarría to second on passed ball by Rupp . Rojas walked . Kelly tripled to deep right center , Hechavarría and Rojas scored . Bailey pitching for Phillies . Conley singled to left , Kelly scored . Realmuto singled to left , Conley to second . Prado walked , Conley to third , Realmuto to second . Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies . Yelich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conley scored , Prado out at second , Realmuto to third . Stanton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Conley pitching for Marlins . Paredes lined out to center . Oberholtzer grounded out to third . Hernández walked . Herrera reached on infield single to third , Hernández to second . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Gillespie in left field . Franco popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies . Ozuna singled to left . Hechavarría grounded out to second , Ozuna to second . Rojas popped out to shortstop . Kelly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . Rupp grounded out to third . Goeddel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Oberholtzer pitching for Phillies . Gillespie walked . Realmuto doubled to deep left , Gillespie scored . Prado doubled to left , Realmuto scored . McGowan struck out looking . Stanton reached on infield single to shortstop . Ozuna doubled to deep center , Prado scored , Stanton to third . Hechavarría walked . Rojas flied out to right . Kelly grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . McGowan pitching for Marlins . Featherston grounded out to third . Paredes reached on infield single to third . Asche hit for Oberholtzer . Asche fouled out to first . Hernández doubled to deep center , Paredes scored . Herrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 1 - Marlins 11 .	Stanton homers and Marlins beat Phillies 11 - 1