Marlins - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gordon reached on infield single to third . Prado lined out to left . Yelich flied out to center . Gordon stole second . Stanton doubled to left , Gordon scored . Ozuna popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Blackmon flied out to right . LeMahieu singled to center . González flied out to center . Arenado flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Realmuto grounded out to third . Johnson struck out swinging . Hechavarría safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado . Phelps grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Dahl grounded out to third . Reynolds singled to left . Descalso singled to center , Reynolds to second . Hundley struck out swinging . De La Rosa singled to center , Reynolds to third , Descalso to second . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Gordon lined out to center . Prado walked . Yelich lined out to left . Stanton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Phelps pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu walked . González grounded into double play , first to shortstop to second , LeMahieu out at second . Arenado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Ozuna lined out to shortstop . Realmuto walked . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Realmuto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Dahl struck out looking . Reynolds struck out looking . Descalso grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Hechavarría singled to right . Phelps sacrificed to first , Hechavarría to second . Gordon grounded out to first , Hechavarría to third . Prado walked . Yelich grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Phelps pitching for Marlins . Hundley grounded out to shortstop . Dunn pitching for Marlins . De La Rosa hit by pitch . Blackmon struck out swinging . LeMahieu singled to center , De La Rosa to second . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Stanton grounded out to third . Ozuna grounded out to third . Realmuto doubled to deep left . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Wittgren pitching for Marlins . Arenado walked . Dahl lined into double play , to first , Arenado doubled off first . Reynolds singled to left . Descalso grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reynolds out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Hechavarría struck out looking . Suzuki hit for Wittgren . Logan pitching for Rockies . Suzuki struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Barraclough pitching for Marlins . Hundley grounded out to second . Adames hit for Logan . Adames grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Prado popped out to second . Yelich singled to center . Yelich to second on wild pitch by Ottavino . Stanton grounded out to third . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Rodney pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu singled to left . González singled to left , LeMahieu to second . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , González out at second , LeMahieu to third , LeMahieu scored , Arenado to second on throwing error by second baseman Gordon . Dahl singled to center , Arenado scored , Dahl to second advancing on throw . Reynolds doubled to deep right , Dahl scored . Descalso intentionally walked . Ellington pitching for Marlins . Hundley walked , Reynolds to third , Descalso to second . Raburn hit for Ottavino . Raburn struck out swinging . Blackmon grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Estevez pitching for Rockies . Realmuto walked . Johnson singled to left center , Realmuto to second . Hechavarría singled to left , Realmuto scored , Johnson to second , Johnson to third , Hechavarría to second on throwing error by left fielder Dahl . Dietrich hit for Ellington . Rojas ran for Johnson . Dietrich struck out swinging . Gordon intentionally walked . Prado singled to center , Rojas and Hechavarría scored , Gordon to third . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Yelich hit sacrifice fly to center , Gordon scored . Stanton lined out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rojas at first base . Ramos pitching for Marlins . LeMahieu singled to center . González struck out looking . Arenado grounded out to first , LeMahieu to second . Dahl popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 5 - Rockies 3 .	Prado , Marlins rally for 4 in 9th , beat Rockies 5 - 3