Phillies - Top 1st . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Rollins walked . Victorino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rollins out at second . Utley flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ramirez flied out to left . Hermida grounded out to shortstop . Cantu singled to left . Willingham hit by pitch , Cantu to second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Howard singled to right . Burrell doubled to deep left , Howard to third . Werth grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at home , Burrell to third . Feliz safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu , Burrell scored , Werth advanced to second on play , Werth to third , Feliz to second on throwing error by third baseman Cantu . Coste grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Werth out at home . Kendrick walked , Feliz to third , Coste to second . Rollins grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendrick out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Jacobs hit by pitch . Ross singled to center , Jacobs to second . Baker homered to right , Jacobs and Ross scored . Olsen singled to center . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Olsen out at second . Hermida grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . Hermida stole second . Cantu singled to left , Hermida thrown out at home , Hermida to third advancing on play . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Victorino fouled out to catcher . Utley doubled to deep right . Howard grounded out to pitcher , Utley to third . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Willingham flied out to right . Uggla lined out to third . Jacobs flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Feliz tripled to deep right center . Coste doubled to right , Feliz scored . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Rollins singled to center , Coste scored . Rollins stole second . Victorino flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ross tripled to deep center . Baker singled to center , Ross scored , Baker out stretching at second . Olsen struck out looking . Ramirez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Olsen pitching for Marlins . Utley flied out to left . Howard flied out to center . Burrell homered to left . Werth singled to right . Feliz popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Hermida homered to right . Cantu grounded out to third . Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop . Uggla homered to left , Willingham scored . Jacobs walked . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Jenkins in right field . Ross doubled to deep right , Jacobs to third . Baker walked . Gonzalez hit for Olsen . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Baker out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Coste fouled out to right . Jenkins grounded out to second . Rollins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Condrey pitching for Phillies . Ramirez popped out to second . Hermida walked . Cantu doubled to deep left center , Hermida to third . Willingham intentionally walked . Uggla struck out swinging . Jacobs popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Cantu at first base . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Helms at third base . Victorino flied out to right . Utley grounded out to pitcher . Howard lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Seanez pitching for Phillies . Ross struck out looking . Baker walked . Baker to second on wild pitch by Seanez . Helms flied out to center . Ramirez walked . Hermida walked , Baker to third , Ramirez to second . Cantu singled to deep left , Baker and Ramirez scored , Hermida to third . Willingham grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Waechter pitching for Marlins . Burrell homered to left . Dobbs hit for Seanez . Dobbs flied out to center . Feliz grounded out to third . Coste flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Uggla popped out to second . Amezaga hit for Waechter . Amezaga doubled to deep right . Ross grounded out to third . Baker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Gregg pitching for Marlins . Jenkins walked . Rollins struck out swinging . Victorino singled to right center , Jenkins to second . Utley singled to right , Jenkins to third , Victorino to second . Howard struck out swinging . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Marlins 9 .	Marlins handle Phils , trim division lead ; Ross key