Marlins - Top 1st . Redding pitching for Nationals . Ramirez homered to center . Maybin doubled to right . Cantu hit by pitch . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cantu out at second , Maybin to third . Maybin scored on Redding 's wild pitch . Uggla struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio reached on infield single to first . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop , Bonifacio to second . Bonifacio to third on wild pitch by Johnson . Milledge lined out to second . Dukes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Hermida singled to center . Sanchez struck out swinging . Treanor struck out swinging . Hermida caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Casto grounded out to third . Orr grounded out to second . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Redding pitching for Nationals . Johnson struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to deep right center . Maybin sacrificed to third , Ramirez to third . Cantu doubled to left , Ramirez scored . Willingham walked . Uggla walked , Cantu to third , Willingham to second . Hermida singled to right , Cantu and Willingham scored , Uggla to second . Sanchez doubled to deep left center , Uggla scored , Hermida to third . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Treanor reached on infield single to third , Hermida scored , Sanchez to third . Johnson grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Bernadina flied out to right . Estrada walked . Bonifacio tripled to right , Estrada scored . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Bonifacio scored . Milledge singled to center . Dukes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Milledge out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Estrada pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to third . Maybin singled to left . Cantu lined out to left . Willingham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Casto lined out to center . Orr singled to left . Nieves struck out swinging . Bernadina singled to center , Orr to third . Hernandez hit for Estrada . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bernadina out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Uggla singled to left . Hermida flied out to center . Sanchez doubled to deep center , Uggla to third . Treanor walked . Johnson struck out looking . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Milledge grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Maybin singled to center . Maybin stole second . Cantu fouled out to third . Willingham walked . Uggla struck out swinging . Hermida grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Ross in center field . Johnson pitching for Marlins . Dukes singled to left . Casto fouled out to third . Orr flied out to right . Nieves walked , Dukes to second . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Mock pitching for Nationals . Sanchez singled to left . Treanor flied out to center . Jacobs hit for Johnson . Jacobs flied out to left . Ramirez walked , Sanchez to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Nelson pitching for Marlins . Harris hit for Mock . Harris flied out to right . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Speigner pitching for Nationals . Cantu grounded out to pitcher . Willingham homered to left . Uggla walked . Hermida singled to center , Uggla to second . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uggla out at third , Hermida to second . Treanor singled to right , Hermida scored , Sanchez to third . McPherson hit for Nelson . Manning pitching for Nationals . McPherson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Amezaga at third base . Tucker pitching for Marlins . Milledge flied out to right . Dukes walked . Casto singled to left , Dukes to second . Orr singled to center , Dukes scored , Casto to second . Nieves singled to left , Casto scored , Orr to second . Bernadina struck out looking . Boone hit for Manning . Boone flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Ramirez singled to left . Ross struck out swinging . Amezaga singled to center , Ramirez to second . Willingham grounded out to third , Ramirez to third , Amezaga to second . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Lindstrom pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . Milledge popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 9 - Nationals 4 .	Ramirez , Sanchez spark Marlins ' rout of Nationals