Royals - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Escobar fouled out to right. Cain singled to left. Hosmer singled to left center, Cain to second, Cain to third on error by left fielder Davis. Morales grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Ventura pitching for Royals. Santana fouled out to catcher. Kipnis flied out to left. Lindor lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Fuentes singled to center. Cuthbert struck out looking. Fuentes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Dyson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Napoli singled to left. Ramírez reached on infield single to pitcher, Napoli to second. Chisenhall singled to right, Napoli scored, Ramírez to third, Chisenhall to second advancing on throw. Gomes struck out looking. Naquin lined out to left. Davis walked. Santana grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Dyson singled to center. Butera homered to left (388 feet), Dyson scored. Escobar lined out to center. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Ventura pitching for Royals. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Lindor reached on infield single to first, Lindor to second on throwing error by first baseman Hosmer. Napoli struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to right, Lindor scored. Chisenhall walked, Ramírez to second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chisenhall out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Morales grounded out to first. Infante flied out to center. Fuentes singled to right. Cuthbert singled to center, Fuentes to second. Dyson singled to left, Fuentes scored, Cuthbert to second. Butera flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Naquin flied out to center. Davis flied out to center. Santana flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Escobar grounded out to second. Cain reached on infield single to shortstop. Hosmer walked, Cain to second. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hosmer out at second, Cain to third. Infante grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Kipnis singled to right. Lindor grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kipnis out at second. Napoli fouled out to third. Ramírez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Adams pitching for Indians. Fuentes struck out swinging. Cuthbert homered to left (379 feet). Dyson grounded out to second. Butera struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Chisenhall flied out to center. Gomes flied out to right. Naquin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Escobar flied out to right. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer walked. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Ventura pitching for Royals. Davis singled to center. Hochevar pitching for Royals. Davis stole second. Santana flied out to right. Kipnis flied out to center. Lindor fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Infante flied out to center. Fuentes reached on infield single to shortstop. Cuthbert singled to center, Fuentes to second. Hunter pitching for Indians. Dyson grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Cuthbert out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Napoli reached on infield single to shortstop, Napoli to second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Ramírez struck out swinging. Chisenhall walked. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Chisenhall out at second, Napoli to third. Naquin singled to right center, Napoli scored, Gomes to second. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 9th. Hunter pitching for Indians. Butera grounded out to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cain flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Orlando in right field. Soria pitching for Royals. Santana singled to right, Santana to second on error by right fielder Orlando. Martínez ran for Santana. Kipnis sacrificed to third, Martínez to third. Lindor tripled to deep right center, Martínez scored. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to left, Lindor scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Royals 4 - Indians 5.	Napoli's sacrifice fly gives Indians win in 9th 5-4 over KC