Tigers - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Maybin struck out looking. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Santana popped out to third. Kipnis struck out looking. Lindor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Martínez popped out to third. Upton singled to right. Moya struck out swinging. Aviles singled to center, Upton to second. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Napoli struck out swinging. Ramírez walked. Chisenhall singled to right, Ramírez to second. Davis doubled to deep left, Ramírez scored, Chisenhall to third. Naquin grounded out to second, Chisenhall scored, Davis to third. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Iglesias popped out to second. Kinsler grounded out to second. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Santana struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. Lindor grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Martínez grounded out to second. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Napoli walked. Ramírez singled to right, Napoli to third. Chisenhall doubled to right, Napoli scored, Ramírez to third. Davis hit sacrifice fly to right, Ramírez scored, Chisenhall to third. Naquin struck out looking. Gomes struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Moya walked. Aviles walked, Moya to second. McCann lined out to left. Iglesias grounded into double play, second to shortstop to third, Aviles out at second, Moya out at third, Iglesias to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Santana walked. Kipnis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santana out at second. Lindor doubled to deep right, Kipnis scored, Lindor to third advancing on throw. Napoli walked. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Ramírez grounded out to second, Lindor scored, Napoli to second. Chisenhall doubled to deep right center, Napoli scored. Davis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Kinsler walked. Maybin struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to third, Kinsler to second. Martínez singled to right, Kinsler scored. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Romine at first base. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Naquin homered to right center (409 feet). Gomes fouled out to first. Santana walked. Kipnis walked, Santana to second. Lindor walked, Santana to third, Kipnis to second. Napoli singled to center, Santana scored, Kipnis to third, Lindor to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kipnis scored, Napoli out at second, Lindor to third. Chisenhall popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Otero pitching for Indians. Moya struck out looking. Aviles grounded out to first. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Saltalamacchia at first base. Romine at second base. Farmer pitching for Tigers. Davis singled to right. Naquin struck out swinging. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Clevinger pitching for Indians. Iglesias popped out to shortstop. Saltalamacchia walked. Maybin grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Saltalamacchia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Tigers. Santana homered to left center (418 feet). Kipnis doubled to deep right. Lindor lined out to right. Napoli reached on infield single to catcher. Ramírez fouled out to third. Chisenhall singled to right, Kipnis scored, Napoli to second. Davis grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Clevinger pitching for Indians. Romine grounded out to pitcher. Martínez walked. Martínez to second on wild pitch by Clevinger. Upton singled to center, Martínez to third. Moya struck out looking. Aviles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 1 - Indians 12.	Indians continue dominance of Tigers with 12-1 victory