Angels - Top 1st. Young pitching for Rangers. Erstad singled to left. DaVanon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Erstad out at second. Guerrero singled to center, DaVanon to second. Anderson doubled to deep right, DaVanon scored, Guerrero to third. Finley flied out to left. Cabrera singled to center, Guerrero and Anderson scored. Molina flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Soriano lined out to third. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. Young lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Rangers. Quinlan doubled to left. Figgins flied out to center. Erstad popped out to second. DaVanon grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Teixeira grounded out to first. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Dellucci homered to right. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Rangers. Guerrero singled to left. Anderson struck out swinging. Finley grounded out to first, Guerrero to second. Cabrera walked. Guerrero stole third, Cabrera stole second, Guerrero scored, Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Barajas. Molina walked. Quinlan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Matthews Jr singled to left. Barajas walked, Matthews Jr to second. Soriano struck out looking. Blalock walked, Matthews Jr to third, Barajas to second. Young singled to left, Matthews Jr scored, Barajas to third, Blalock to second. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to first, Barajas scored, Young out at second, Blalock to third. Hidalgo struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Young pitching for Rangers. Figgins doubled to center. Erstad grounded out to second, Figgins to third. DaVanon walked. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Figgins scored, DaVanon safe at third on error by catcher Barajas, Guerrero safe at second on error by catcher Barajas. Riley pitching for Rangers. Anderson intentionally walked. Finley walked, DaVanon scored, Guerrero to third, Anderson to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guerrero scored, Finley out at second, Anderson to third. Molina walked, Cabrera to second. Quinlan lined out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Dellucci struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Matthews Jr grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Riley pitching for Rangers. Figgins doubled to left. Erstad grounded out to second, Figgins to third. Rivera hit for Guerrero. DaVanon singled to center, Figgins scored. DaVanon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Rivera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Barajas flied out to left. Soriano flied out to right. Blalock singled to right. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Riley pitching for Rangers. Anderson flied out to center. Finley walked. Cabrera singled to center, Finley to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to left, Finley scored. Quinlan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Teixeira singled to center. Hidalgo walked, Teixeira to second. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Dellucci walked, Teixeira to third, Hidalgo to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Barajas fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Riley pitching for Rangers. Figgins walked. Erstad struck out swinging. Dickey pitching for Rangers. DaVanon singled to left, Figgins to third. Rivera doubled to deep right center, Figgins and DaVanon scored. Anderson grounded out to first, Rivera to third. Finley singled to right, Rivera scored. Cabrera popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Izturis at third base. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Soriano singled to center. Blalock doubled to deep center, Soriano scored. Young flied out to center, Blalock to third. Blalock scored on Molina's passed ball. Teixeira singled to right. Hidalgo popped out to shortstop. Paul hit for Molina. Dellucci grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Paul grounded out to third. Izturis lined out to center. Paul catching. Yan pitching for Angels. Figgins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Yan pitching for Angels. Gonzalez homered to center. Matthews Jr grounded out to pitcher. Barajas singled to center. Soriano doubled to left, Barajas to third. Blalock reached on infield single to third, Barajas scored, Soriano to third. Young struck out swinging. Soriano scored, Blalock to second on wild pitch by Yan. Shields pitching for Angels. Teixeira walked. Hidalgo struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Dickey pitching for Rangers. Erstad tripled to deep center. DaVanon hit sacrifice fly to left, Erstad scored. Rivera grounded out to second. Anderson struck out looking. Shouse pitching for Rangers. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Dellucci struck out looking. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Barajas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 13 - Rangers 8.	Angels top Rangers for 4th win in 5 meetings