Angels - Top 1st. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Erstad flied out to left. Figgins singled to right center. Figgins stole second. Figgins to third on wild pitch by Mussina. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Angels. Jeter walked. Williams doubled to left, Jeter thrown out at home. Sheffield struck out swinging. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Finley flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to second. McPherson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Phillips struck out swinging. Posada popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Molina flied out to center. DaVanon walked. DaVanon caught stealing second, catcher to second. Erstad grounded out to second. Figgins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Martinez singled to right center. Womack sacrificed to catcher, Martinez to second, Womack safe at first on throwing error by catcher Molina. Jeter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Womack out at second, Martinez to third. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 4th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Guerrero doubled to deep left. Anderson singled to deep right, Guerrero scored. Finley homered to right, Anderson scored. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. McPherson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Molina flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Sheffield reached on infield single to shortstop. Matsui grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. Rodriguez homered to center. Phillips flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. DaVanon lined out to first. Erstad lined out to first. Figgins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Posada flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Womack walked. Jeter singled to left, Womack to second. Williams flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. Guerrero singled to right. Anderson homered to right, Guerrero scored. Finley grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to right. McPherson doubled to deep right. Molina grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Sheffield doubled to deep right. Matsui popped out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left, Sheffield to third. Phillips grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Mussina pitching for Yankees. DaVanon singled to center. Erstad flied out to left. Figgins singled to right, DaVanon to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Figgins out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Posada flied out to center. Martinez singled to center. Womack flied out to center. Groom pitching for Yankees. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Groom pitching for Yankees. Anderson reached on infield single to third. Finley grounded into fielder's choice to first, Anderson out at second. Finley stole second. Cabrera flied out to left. McPherson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield singled to left. Matsui batting. Shields pitching for Angels. Sheffield to second on wild pitch by Shields. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Yankees. Molina singled to center. Molina stole second. Stanton pitching for Yankees. DaVanon struck out swinging. Erstad flied out to center. Giambi hit for Phillips. Figgins lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Giambi grounded out to catcher. Posada grounded out to second. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Yankees 1.	Moose hunting: Angels beat up on Mussina, Yanks