Angels - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Finley flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Angels. Podsednik grounded out to second. Iguchi grounded out to second. Thomas popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Anderson singled to left. Molina walked, Anderson to second. Rivera bunt popped out to pitcher. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Konerko walked. Rowand singled to center, Konerko to second. Dye singled to center, Konerko to third, Rowand to second. Widger struck out swinging. Uribe hit sacrifice fly to left, Konerko scored, Rowand to third, Dye to second. Crede lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. McPherson flied out to left. Quinlan safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Iguchi. Figgins grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Quinlan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Podsednik singled to left. Iguchi walked, Podsednik to second. Thomas walked, Podsednik to third, Iguchi to second. Konerko grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Podsednik out at home. Rowand doubled to left, Iguchi and Thomas scored. Dye struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Finley homered to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Anderson flied out to right. Molina singled to center. Rivera fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Widger singled to center. Uribe singled to left, Widger to second. Crede bunt popped into double play, pitcher to second, Uribe out at first. Podsednik singled to center, Widger thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina grounded out to second. McPherson struck out swinging. Quinlan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Iguchi walked. Thomas lined out to left. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Iguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins flied out to right. Finley doubled to deep right. Cabrera singled to center, Finley scored. Anderson flied out to right. Cabrera stole second. Molina flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Rowand grounded out to shortstop. Dye singled to center. Widger flied out to left. Dye to second on passed ball by Molina. Uribe popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Rivera flied out to center. Molina grounded out to third. McPherson singled to right. Peralta pitching for Angels. Quinlan popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Peralta pitching for Angels. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Podsednik fouled out to shortstop. Perez hit for Thomas. Iguchi doubled to deep left center. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Figgins struck out swinging. Finley singled to right center. Cabrera flied out to left. Anderson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Peralta pitching for Angels. Konerko grounded out to first. Rowand walked. Rowand stole second. Dye struck out swinging. Widger fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Kennedy ran for Molina. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Molina singled to center. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kennedy out at second. DaVanon ran for Molina. Marte pitching for White Sox. Molina singled to right, Rivera to second. McPherson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rivera to third, DaVanon safe at second on error by second baseman Iguchi. Quinlan singled to right, Rivera scored, DaVanon to third, McPherson to second. Figgins walked, DaVanon scored, McPherson to third, Quinlan to second. Finley struck out swinging. Politte pitching for White Sox. Paul catching. Erstad at first base. Shields pitching for Angels. Harris hit for Uribe. Cabrera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Harris walked. Harris stole second. Crede walked. Everett hit for Iguchi. Podsednik sacrificed to catcher, Harris to third, Crede to second. Everett struck out swinging. Perez singled to left, Harris and Crede scored. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - White Sox 5.	Big Hurt hurting again, but White Sox win