Angels - Top 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Figgins grounded out to second. Erstad doubled to deep right. Guerrero flied out to right, Erstad to third. Anderson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Angels. DeJesus singled to right. Graffanino sacrificed to pitcher, DeJesus to second. Sweeney fouled out to first. Brown walked. Long struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. DaVanon singled to center. Izturis singled to left, DaVanon to second. McPherson singled to left center, DaVanon to third, Izturis to second. Molina grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, DaVanon scored, McPherson out at second, Izturis to third. Kennedy flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Angels. Berroa singled to right. Buck lined out to center. Gotay singled to right center, Berroa to third. McEwing grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gotay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Figgins safe at first on error by second baseman Gotay. Erstad lined into double play, second to first, Figgins doubled off first. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Angels. DeJesus singled to left. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. Graffanino to second on wild pitch by Washburn. Sweeney lined out to center. Graffanino to third on passed ball by Molina. Brown struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Anderson singled to right. DaVanon sacrificed to pitcher, Anderson to second. Izturis doubled to deep right, Anderson scored. McPherson struck out swinging. Molina singled to right, Izturis scored. Kennedy singled to left, Molina to second. Figgins flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Long grounded out to second. Berroa flied out to center. Buck struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Erstad lined out to center. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson doubled to right, Guerrero scored. DaVanon doubled to deep center, Anderson scored. Izturis popped out to shortstop. McPherson walked. Molina flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Angels. Gotay flied out to right. McEwing bunt grounded out to pitcher. DeJesus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Kennedy singled to left. Figgins batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 5 - Royals 0.	Royal pains: Angels complete rain-shortened sweep in K.C.