Angels - Top 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Figgins popped out to first. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to first. Reed walked. Reed stole second, Reed to third on wild pitch by Saunders. Ibanez homered to right, Reed scored. Sexson homered to right. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Lopez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Guerrero flied out to right. Quinlan flied out to center. Kotchman singled to left center. Molina hit by pitch, Kotchman to second. DaVanon flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Dobbs singled to right. Betancourt walked, Dobbs to second. Ojeda struck out swinging. Suzuki flied out to left. Reed doubled to right, Dobbs scored, Betancourt to third. Ibanez singled to center, Betancourt and Reed scored. Sexson struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kennedy doubled to deep right center. Figgins singled to left center, Kennedy to third. Cabrera popped out to second. Anderson singled to right, Kennedy scored, Figgins to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to left, Figgins scored, Anderson to second. Quinlan singled to right center, Anderson scored, Quinlan to second advancing on throw. Kotchman singled to right center, Quinlan scored. Molina singled to left center, Kotchman to second. Yan pitching for Angels. DaVanon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Yan pitching for Angels. Beltre singled to right. Lopez singled to right, Beltre to second. Dobbs walked, Beltre to third, Lopez to second. Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltre scored. Ojeda lined out to center. Suzuki grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Kennedy flied out to center. Figgins singled to left. Figgins caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Cabrera singled to right center. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Yan pitching for Angels. Reed flied out to center. Ibanez grounded out to second. Sexson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Guerrero doubled to left. Quinlan grounded out to third. Kotchman singled to center, Guerrero scored. Molina singled to left, Kotchman to second. DaVanon grounded out to first, Kotchman to third, Molina to second. Kennedy singled to right center, Kotchman and Molina scored. Kennedy caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Figgins batting. Escobar pitching for Angels. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Beltre grounded out to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Dobbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to right center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Figgins to second. Anderson popped out to shortstop. Guerrero intentionally walked. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Betancourt singled to center. Ojeda sacrificed to pitcher, Betancourt to second. Suzuki doubled to left center, Betancourt scored. Suzuki stole third. Reed singled to center, Suzuki scored. Reed caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Ibanez singled to center. Sexson grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Kotchman grounded out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. Donnelly pitching for Angels. DaVanon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Beltre popped out to second. Lopez flied out to right. Dobbs walked. Betancourt singled to center, Dobbs to second. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Ojeda flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Kennedy struck out swinging. Putz pitching for Mariners. Figgins walked. Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Lopez, Figgins to second. Anderson singled to right, Figgins scored, Cabrera to third. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Anderson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Reed lined out to third. Ibanez singled to center. Ibanez to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Izturis ran for Quinlan. Sorensen hit for Kotchman. Guardado pitching for Mariners. Quinlan safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre. Sorensen sacrificed to first, Sorensen safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Guardado. Izturis tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. Molina hit for DaVanon. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Pride ran for Molina. Rivera hit for Kennedy. Molina singled to right, Sorensen scored. Izturis at third base. Sorensen at second base. Erstad at first base. Rivera in right field. Rivera fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Beltre struck out looking. Santiago ran for Lopez. Lopez doubled to left center. Dobbs intentionally walked. Betancourt singled to left, Santiago scored, Dobbs to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Mariners 10.	Last-place Mariners sweep Angels for second time