Blue Jays - Top 1st . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rios flied out to center . Catalanotto flied out to right . Wells singled to right . Wells to second on wild pitch by Beckett . Glaus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis grounded out to second . Loretta flied out to center . Ortiz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Overbay walked . Hillenbrand hit by pitch , Overbay to second . Zaun grounded out to first , Overbay to third , Hillenbrand to second . Adams walked . Hill doubled to deep right center , Overbay , Hillenbrand and Adams scored . Rios hit sacrifice fly to right , Adams scored , Hill to third . Catalanotto grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez singled to left . Nixon singled to shallow left , Ramirez to third . Varitek singled to center , Ramirez scored , Nixon to second . Lowell singled to right , Nixon to third , Varitek to second . Pena singled to right , Nixon scored , Varitek to third , Lowell to second . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to right , Varitek scored . Youkilis walked , Lowell to third , Pena to second . Loretta grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Youkilis out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Wells grounded out to third . Glaus struck out swinging . Overbay singled to right center . Hillenbrand popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz grounded out to third . Ramirez singled to right center . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Zaun flied out to center . Adams flied out to right . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Lowell grounded out to shortstop . Pena flied out to right . Gonzalez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Beckett pitching for Red Sox . Rios doubled to deep right center . Catalanotto walked . Rios caught stealing third , catcher to third . Wells hit by pitch , Catalanotto to second . Glaus struck out looking . Overbay singled to right center , Catalanotto scored , Wells to third . Hillenbrand grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Overbay out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis grounded out to second . Loretta grounded out to third . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Tavarez pitching for Red Sox . Zaun flied out to center . Adams walked . Hill flied out to right . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Rios walked , Adams to second . Catalanotto flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez hit ground rule double to left . Nixon grounded out to second , Ramirez to third . Varitek grounded out to first . Lowell singled to right , Ramirez scored . Pena doubled to deep right center , Lowell scored . Gonzalez walked . Youkilis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Wells flied out to center . Glaus flied out to right . Overbay doubled to deep left center . Hillenbrand homered to left , Overbay scored . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Zaun singled to right . Johnson in left field . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Adams popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Speier pitching for Blue Jays . Loretta flied out to center . Ortiz flied out to left . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Mohr hit for Nixon . Ramirez walked . Mohr in right field . Mohr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Hill flied out to center . Rios singled to center . Johnson popped out to second . Wells singled to center , Rios to second . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Varitek singled to left , Varitek to second on error by left fielder Johnson . Lowell singled to center , Varitek scored . Pena singled to right center , Lowell to second . Gonzalez bunt popped out foul to catcher . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pena out at second , Lowell to third . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Loretta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Overbay singled to center . Hillenbrand lined out to right . McDonald ran for Overbay . Zaun singled to left , Overbay to second . Hinske hit for Hill . Adams doubled to deep right , McDonald scored , Zaun to third . Hinske popped out to second . McDonald at second base . Hinske at first base . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez lined out to first . Harris ran for Mohr . Mohr struck out swinging , Mohr safe at first on passed ball by Zaun . Harris stole second , Harris safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zaun . Varitek struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Red Sox 6 .	Papelbon gives up run in ninth as Jays top BoSox