Blue Jays - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Sullivan flied out to left . Atkins homered to left . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Holliday struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Glaus grounded out to third . Overbay singled to center . Molina struck out swinging . Hill singled to right , Overbay to third . Adams walked , Hill to second . Towers grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Overbay out at home , Hill to third , Adams to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Hawpe flied out to center . Gonzalez singled to center . Barmes flied out to center . Ardoin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to third . Rios doubled to deep left . Wells grounded out to shortstop , Rios to third . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Cook struck out looking . Sullivan grounded out to second . Atkins flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Overbay grounded out to first . Molina struck out swinging . Hill singled to center . Adams grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Helton grounded out to first . Holliday singled to center . Hawpe doubled to right , Holliday to third . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Barmes doubled to deep left , Holliday and Hawpe scored . Ardoin intentionally walked . Cook grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Towers singled to right . Johnson singled to shallow left center , Towers to second . Rios grounded out to first , Towers to third , Johnson to second . Wells hit sacrifice fly to center , Towers scored . Glaus doubled to deep right , Johnson scored . Overbay popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Towers pitching for Blue Jays . Sullivan flied out to center . Atkins singled to center . Helton homered to right , Atkins scored . Holliday singled to left . Hawpe flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Molina walked . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . Catalanotto hit for Towers . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Carroll at second base . Adams walked , Hill to second . Catalanotto singled to right , Hill to third , Adams to second . Johnson struck out swinging . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Rios fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Barmes struck out swinging . Ardoin grounded out to third . Carroll homered to left . Sullivan bunt grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Rockies . Wells popped out to shortstop . Glaus grounded out to third . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Overbay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Marcum pitching for Blue Jays . Atkins flied out to right . Helton walked . Holliday struck out looking . Marrero hit for Ramirez . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Helton to third . Marrero intentionally walked . Barmes doubled to center , Helton and Hawpe scored , Marrero to third . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Ardoin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Molina struck out swinging . Hill doubled to shallow left center . Hillenbrand hit for Marcum . Adams reached on infield single to pitcher , Hill to third . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Johnson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Hill scored , Adams to second . Mesa pitching for Rockies . Rios walked , Adams to third , Johnson to second . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop . Sullivan struck out swinging . Atkins grounded into double play , third to second to first , Carroll out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . King pitching for Rockies . Glaus singled to left . Overbay lined into double play , second to first , Glaus doubled off first . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 3 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies ' Carroll ends homerless streak in win over Jays