Red Sox - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Crisp flied out to center . Ortiz homered to right . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Pauley pitching for Red Sox . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Zaun singled to right . Rios singled to left , Zaun to second . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Youkilis walked . Lowell flied out to center . Mirabelli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Youkilis out at second . Hillenbrand singled to center . Hinske walked , Hillenbrand to second . Hill hit by pitch , Hillenbrand to third , Hinske to second . Alfonzo walked , Hillenbrand scored , Hinske to third , Hill to second . Catalanotto grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Alfonzo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon batting . Gonzalez singled to center . Crisp struck out swinging . Loretta homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Ortiz struck out swinging . Rios doubled to deep center . Glaus singled to deep left , Rios scored . Overbay safe at first on error by first baseman Youkilis , Glaus to second . Hillenbrand grounded into double play , third to second to first , Overbay out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez walked . Youkilis doubled to left , Ramirez to third . Ramirez scored , Youkilis to third on wild pitch by Lilly . Lowell walked . Mirabelli walked , Lowell to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to right . Crisp singled to left , Youkilis scored , Lowell thrown out at home , Mirabelli to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Pauley pitching for Red Sox . Hinske struck out looking . Hill singled to left . Alfonzo flied out to center . Catalanotto singled to center , Hill to third . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Rosario pitching for Blue Jays . Loretta grounded out to second . Ortiz walked . Ramirez homered to left center , Ortiz scored . Youkilis walked . Lowell grounded out to third , Youkilis to second . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Glaus fouled out to first . Overbay singled to right , Rios to third . Hillenbrand reached on infield single to second , Rios scored , Overbay to second . Hinske singled to left , Overbay to third , Hillenbrand to second , Overbay scored on error by left fielder Ramirez . Van Buren pitching for Red Sox . Hill tripled to deep left center , Hillenbrand and Hinske scored . Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Catalanotto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon homered to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Loretta flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Youkilis at third base . Snow at first base . Van Buren pitching for Red Sox . Zaun singled to right . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Rios grounded out to first , Zaun to second . Glaus walked . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Overbay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to third . Youkilis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Hillenbrand struck out swinging . Hinske flied out to left . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays . Snow struck out swinging . Mirabelli doubled to deep center . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Nixon walked . Gonzalez singled to right , Mirabelli to third , Nixon to second . Crisp struck out looking . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Loretta grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Alfonzo flied out to center . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays . Zaun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays . Ortiz grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Youkilis walked . Youkilis stole second . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Cora at second base . Snow struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Papelbon pitching for Red Sox . Rios singled to center . Glaus struck out swinging . Rios stole second . Overbay flied out to center , Rios to third . Hillenbrand flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 6 .	Manny , Papi help BoSox hold off late Blue Jays rally