Nationals - Top 1st . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano lined out to right . Vidro singled to center . Clayton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Rios hit by pitch . Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher , Rios to second . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rios out at third , Wells to second . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson grounded out to first . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Guillen singled to center . Anderson singled to center , Guillen to second . Schneider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Overbay doubled to right center . Hillenbrand flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Overbay to third . Hill homered to left , Overbay scored . Adams flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Byrd struck out swinging . Soriano struck out swinging . Vidro singled to center . Clayton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Rios safe at second on error by third baseman Zimmerman . Catalanotto walked . Wells flied out to left . Glaus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Catalanotto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson singled to right center . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Johnson out at second . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Overbay flied out to center . Hillenbrand safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Soriano . Molina lined out to second . Hill lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 5th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Anderson flied out to center . Schneider grounded out to second . Byrd grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Adams struck out swinging . Rios singled to left . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rios out at second . Wells flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Soriano singled to center . Vidro grounded out to second , Soriano to second . Clayton grounded out to second , Soriano to third . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Glaus struck out swinging . Overbay homered to right center . Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop . Molina popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Zimmerman struck out looking . Guillen popped out to catcher . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Ortiz pitching for Nationals . Hill safe at first on error by shortstop Clayton . Adams grounded out to first , Hill to second . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Rios flied out to center . Johnson ran for Catalanotto . Catalanotto walked . Johnson in left field . Wells struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 8th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Schneider flied out to left . Byrd lined out to left . Soriano flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Glaus singled to center . Overbay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Glaus out at second . Hillenbrand walked . Molina singled to left , Hillenbrand to second . Bray pitching for Nationals . Hill hit ground rule double to left , Hillenbrand scored , Molina to third . Adams walked . Rios singled to center , Molina and Hill scored , Adams to third . Johnson hit by pitch , Rios to second . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Vidro popped out to second . Clayton grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Blue Jays 6 .	Burnett blanks Nats in second start since return from DL