Blue Jays - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Johnson hit by pitch . Hill reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to second . Wells walked , Johnson to third , Hill to second . Glaus homered to left center , Johnson , Hill and Wells scored . Rios struck out swinging . Molina singled to center . Overbay singled to right , Molina to third . Phillips grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Kendall struck out looking . Kotsay lined out to shortstop . Bradley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . McDonald singled to left . Johnson singled to left center , McDonald to second . Hill sacrificed to third , McDonald to third , Johnson to second . Wells struck out looking . Glaus intentionally walked . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Thomas flied out to center . Payton flied out to center . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Molina popped out to second . Overbay hit by pitch . Phillips popped out to third . McDonald grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez singled to right . Scutaro fouled out to first . Ellis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Johnson flied out to center . Hill flied out to center . Wells doubled to deep left center . Glaus intentionally walked . Rios struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay walked . Bradley doubled to deep center , Kotsay scored . Thomas singled to left , Bradley to third . Payton singled to center , Bradley scored , Thomas to second . Swisher struck out looking . Chavez walked , Thomas to third , Payton to second . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Molina singled to right center . Overbay grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Molina out at second . Phillips popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall walked . Kotsay doubled to deep center , Kendall scored . Tallet pitching for Blue Jays . Bradley walked . Thomas walked , Kotsay to third , Bradley to second . Payton singled to center , Kotsay and Bradley scored , Thomas to second . Swisher struck out swinging . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Payton out at second , Thomas to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . McDonald grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to third . League pitching for Blue Jays . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Scutaro struck out swinging . Ellis grounded out to second . Kendall singled to center . Kotsay singled to left , Kendall to third . Bradley singled to right , Kendall scored , Kotsay to second . Thomas struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Wells struck out swinging . Glaus walked . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Rios struck out swinging . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Payton grounded out to second . Swisher safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay . Chavez doubled to deep right center , Swisher scored . Scutaro struck out swinging . Ellis hit by pitch . Kendall grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Zaun hit for Phillips . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Overbay grounded out to second . Zaun singled to right . McDonald lined out to right . Zaun catching . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zaun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Kotsay grounded out to first . Bradley singled to center . Thomas struck out swinging . Payton singled to center , Bradley to second . Street pitching for Athletics . Swisher fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Hill popped out to second . Wells singled to right center . Glaus struck out swinging . Wells to second on fielder 's indifference . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Athletics 7 .	Athletics move back into first place in AL West