Athletics - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Kendall singled to right center . Kielty singled to right , Kendall to second . Bradley grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kielty out at second , Kendall to third . Thomas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Haren pitching for Athletics . Rios homered to left . Catalanotto singled to left . Wells grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Catalanotto out at second . Glaus homered to left , Wells scored . Overbay singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Overbay out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to third . Crosby struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Zaun struck out looking . Hill singled to left . McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop , Hill to second . Rios flied out to right , Hill to third . Catalanotto singled to left , Hill scored , McDonald to second . Wells singled to left , McDonald scored , Catalanotto to second . Glaus walked , Catalanotto to third , Wells to second . Overbay doubled to deep right , Catalanotto , Wells and Glaus scored . Molina grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez walked . Ellis singled to center , Chavez to second . Kendall doubled to deep left center , Chavez and Ellis scored . Kielty homered to left center , Kendall scored . Bradley homered to center . Thomas doubled to deep left center . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Payton singled to center , Thomas to third . Thomas scored , Payton to second on wild pitch by Frasor . Crosby lined out to right . Chavez doubled to deep center , Payton scored . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Haren pitching for Athletics . Zaun flied out to center . Hill singled to center . McDonald lined out to right , Hill to third on throwing error by right fielder Bradley . Rios flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Kielty struck out swinging . Bradley flied out to right . Thomas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto flied out to right . Wells singled to left . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Glaus grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher batting . Payton flied out to right . Crosby grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Overbay struck out swinging . Molina struck out swinging . Zaun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez doubled to deep right . Ellis walked . Kendall reached on bunt single to pitcher , Chavez to third , Ellis to second . Kielty hit ground rule double to left , Chavez and Ellis scored , Kendall to third . Bradley grounded out to second , Kendall scored , Kielty to third . Thomas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kielty scored . Swisher singled to right , Thomas to second . Payton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Swisher out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Haren pitching for Athletics . Hill grounded out to third . McDonald grounded out to third . Rios walked . Sauerbeck pitching for Athletics . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Catalanotto walked , Rios to second . Wells doubled to deep center , Rios and Catalanotto scored . Glaus walked , Wells stole third . Glaus batting . Overbay grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Crosby walked . Chavez singled to left center , Crosby to third . Ellis struck out swinging . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Gaudin pitching for Athletics . Molina grounded out to third . Zaun grounded out to second . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Kielty fouled out to third . Bradley grounded out to first . Thomas walked . Scutaro at shortstop . Calero pitching for Athletics . Swisher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Calero pitching for Athletics . McDonald flied out to center . Rios flied out to center . Catalanotto singled to center . Wells singled to left , Catalanotto to second . Glaus popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Accardo pitching for Blue Jays . Payton homered to left . Scutaro grounded out to second . Chavez fouled out to third . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Ellis grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Overbay struck out swinging . Molina struck out looking . Zaun grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 12 - Blue Jays 10 .	Blue Jays battle each other , lose war against A 's