Blue Jays - Top 1st . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Rios safe at second on error by first baseman Casey . Catalanotto grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rios scored , Catalanotto to second on throwing error by pitcher Rogers . Wells grounded out to third . Glaus struck out looking . Molina doubled to deep left , Catalanotto scored . Hill grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson struck out swinging . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Casey grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Zaun hit by pitch . Phillips singled to left , Zaun to third . McDonald struck out swinging . Rios singled to center , Zaun scored , Phillips to second . Phillips caught stealing third , catcher to third , Rios to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Catalanotto walked . Wells grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Stairs grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to second . Monroe flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to right . Molina flied out to right . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Inge safe at first on throwing error by shortstop McDonald . Gomez struck out swinging . Perez popped out to second , Inge to second on throwing error by second baseman Hill . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Rogers pitching for Tigers . Zaun singled to right . Phillips singled to center , Zaun to second . Zaun caught stealing third , catcher to third , Phillips to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . McDonald doubled to left , Phillips scored . Rios doubled to deep left , McDonald scored . Catalanotto popped out to third . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Wells singled to left , Rios scored , Wells to second advancing on throw . Glaus singled to left , Wells scored . Molina struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez singled to right . Casey singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Stairs walked , Rodriguez to third , Casey to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Monroe hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored , Casey to third . Wilson catching . Inge struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Overbay hit for Phillips . Zaun flied out to center . Overbay at first base . Overbay lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez hit by pitch . Perez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . Santiago at shortstop . Infante at third base . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . McDonald flied out to right . Rios grounded out to third . Catalanotto singled to center . Wells fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Wilson singled to right . Casey hit by pitch , Wilson to second . Stairs struck out looking . Infante hit ground rule double to deep left center , Wilson scored , Casey to third . Monroe grounded out to second , Casey scored , Infante to third . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Santiago struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez walked . Perez singled to right , Gomez to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson flied out to center , Gomez to third , Perez to second . Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center , Gomez scored . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez hit for Stairs . Casey homered to right , Perez scored . League pitching for Blue Jays . Ordonez walked . Infante grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ordonez out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Zaun hit ground rule double to deep center . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Overbay singled to right , Zaun to third . McDonald grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zaun scored , Overbay out at second . Rios struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . League pitching for Blue Jays . Monroe flied out to center . Santiago singled to center . Gomez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Santiago out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Catalanotto grounded out to shortstop . Wells walked . Glaus struck out swinging . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Polanco hit for Granderson . Ryan pitching for Blue Jays . Perez flied out to left . Polanco lined out to center . Thames hit for Casey . Wilson singled to center . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 8 - Tigers 6 .	Blue Jays rough up Rogers ; Tigers ' AL Central lead cut