Red Sox - Top 1st . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to second . Renteria struck out looking . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Jeter singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to center . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at second . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Ortiz doubled to right . Millar flied out to left . Varitek grounded out to shortstop , Ortiz to third . Payton singled to left , Ortiz scored . Mueller walked , Payton to second . Bellhorn struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Matsui singled to center . Posada flied out to right . Giambi singled to right , Matsui to third . Williams hit sacrifice fly to left , Matsui scored . Womack grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giambi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Damon safe at first on error by first baseman Giambi . Renteria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Damon out at second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Jeter doubled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Sheffield doubled to deep left , Jeter scored . Sierra grounded out to shortstop , Sheffield to third . Matsui singled to right center , Sheffield scored . Posada reached on infield single to shortstop , Matsui to second . Giambi hit by pitch , Matsui to third , Posada to second . Matsui scored , Posada to third , Giambi to second on balk by Wells . Williams struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Ortiz struck out looking . Millar popped out to shortstop . Varitek hit ground rule double to left . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Womack singled to center . Jeter flied out to right . Rodriguez singled to left center , Womack to third . Sheffield lined out to shortstop . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Bellhorn doubled to left . Damon struck out swinging . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Matsui struck out swinging . Posada doubled to deep center . Giambi hit by pitch . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Williams walked , Posada to third , Giambi to second . Womack grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Yankees . Ramirez struck out looking . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Millar walked . Varitek singled to right , Millar to third . Neal pitching for Yankees . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Neal pitching for Red Sox . Jeter walked . Jeter stole second . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored , Rodriguez to second on error by center fielder Damon . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Sheffield flied out to left , Rodriguez to third . Sierra doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored . Matsui fouled out to catcher . Posada walked . Martinez at first base . Sturtze pitching for Red Sox . Giambi lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Mueller struck out looking . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Timlin pitching for Yankees . Damon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Williams struck out swinging . Womack reached on infield single to shortstop . Womack stole second . Jeter grounded out to third . Rodriguez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Renteria grounded out to third . Ramirez flied out to center . Mantei pitching for Yankees . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Sheffield walked . Sierra flied out to center . Matsui homered to right center , Sheffield scored . Posada struck out looking . Martinez walked . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Crosby ran for Williams . Williams walked , Martinez to second . Womack reached on infield single to shortstop , Martinez to third , Crosby to second . Jeter safe at first on error by pitcher Halama , Martinez scored , Crosby to third , Womack to second . Crosby in center field . Gordon pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Millar walked . Nixon hit for Payton . Varitek singled to deep right , Millar to third . Nixon hit sacrifice fly to center , Millar scored . Mueller flied out to right . Varitek to second on fielder 's indifference . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Yankees 9 .	Opening smack : Yankees rout Red Sox