Orioles - Top 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Roberts flied out to right . Mora reached on infield single to third . Tejada singled to center , Mora to third . Sosa singled to left center , Mora scored , Tejada to second . Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher , Tejada to third , Sosa to second . Lopez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Damon flied out to left . Nixon flied out to center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons grounded out to second . Matos walked . Bigbie grounded out to second , Matos to second . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ortiz doubled to deep right . Millar flied out to center . Varitek hit by pitch . Renteria walked , Ortiz to third , Varitek to second . Mueller singled to left , Ortiz scored , Varitek to third , Renteria to second . Bellhorn struck out looking . Damon doubled to left center , Varitek and Renteria scored , Mueller to third . Nixon walked . Ramirez singled to left , Mueller and Damon scored , Nixon to second . Ortiz grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Mora singled to left . Tejada singled to center , Mora to second . Sosa grounded into double play , third to second to first , Tejada out at second , Mora to third . Palmeiro doubled to left , Mora scored . Lopez flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Millar struck out looking . Varitek singled to left . Renteria struck out swinging . Mueller walked , Varitek to second . Bellhorn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons doubled to deep center . Matos flied out to left . Bigbie grounded out to second , Gibbons to third . Roberts doubled to deep right , Gibbons scored . Mora fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Damon doubled to left . Nixon walked . Ramirez homered to left , Damon and Nixon scored . Ortiz flied out to center . Reed pitching for Orioles . Millar struck out looking . Varitek flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Tejada doubled to left center . Sosa singled to left center , Tejada scored . Palmeiro lined out to shortstop . Lopez singled to center , Sosa to second . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lopez out at second , Sosa to third . Matos singled to center , Sosa scored , Gibbons to second . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie doubled to left , Gibbons and Matos scored , Bigbie to third on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Roberts grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Reed pitching for Orioles . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Mueller flied out to left . Kline pitching for Orioles . Bellhorn doubled to deep right . Bellhorn to third on wild pitch by Kline . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Mora walked . Tejada struck out swinging . Sosa struck out looking . Palmeiro singled to center , Mora to third . Lopez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Kline pitching for Orioles . Nixon singled to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Nixon to second . Ortiz grounded out to first , Nixon to third . Millar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Gibbons grounded out to pitcher . Matos walked . Bigbie flied out to left . Matos stole second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Varitek lined out to left . Renteria doubled to deep center . Mueller struck out swinging . Bellhorn walked . Renteria to third , Bellhorn to second on wild pitch by Julio . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Mora doubled to deep center . Tejada homered to left , Mora scored . Sosa flied out to center . Palmeiro singled to center . Lopez homered to left , Palmeiro scored . Gibbons popped out to shortstop . Matos flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Nixon grounded out to first . Ramirez singled to center . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez out at second . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Millar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . DiNardo pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie reached on infield single to shortstop . Roberts sacrificed to first , Bigbie to second , Roberts safe at first on error by first baseman Millar . Mora reached on infield single to third , Bigbie to third , Roberts to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Sosa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mora out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Varitek grounded out to shortstop . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . Mueller singled to center . Gil catching . Bellhorn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 11 - Red Sox 8 .	Tejada leads O 's rally from five down vs. Red Sox