Red Sox - Top 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Damon reached on infield single to shortstop . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Inge flied out to center . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Guillen singled to left . White flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ortiz struck out swinging . Millar reached on infield single to third , Millar to second on throwing error by third baseman Inge . Payton flied out to right . Mirabelli flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Monroe doubled to deep left . Pena lined out to center , Monroe to third . Thames walked . Infante hit sacrifice fly to right , Monroe scored . Martinez singled to right center , Thames to second . Inge grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Bellhorn singled to left . Youkilis walked , Bellhorn to second . Damon reached on bunt single to pitcher , Bellhorn to third , Youkilis to second . Renteria reached on infield single to third , Bellhorn scored , Youkilis to third , Damon to second . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left , Youkilis scored . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop , Damon to third , Renteria to second . Millar safe at first on error by third baseman Inge , Damon scored , Renteria to third . Payton flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Guillen struck out swinging . White grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Mirabelli flied out to center . Bellhorn reached on infield single to shortstop . Youkilis struck out swinging . Damon singled to right center , Bellhorn to third . Renteria walked , Damon to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Renteria out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Monroe doubled to deep left center . Pena popped out to second . Monroe caught stealing third , catcher to third . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ortiz walked . Millar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ortiz out at second . Payton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Infante doubled to left . Martinez singled to right , Infante to third . Inge grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Infante scored , Martinez out at second . Rodriguez singled to left . Guillen singled to left , Rodriguez to second . White doubled to deep left , Rodriguez scored , Guillen thrown out at home . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Mirabelli grounded out to second . Bellhorn grounded out to third . Youkilis singled to center . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Youkilis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Monroe grounded out to third . Pena grounded out to first . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Renteria grounded out to third . Ramirez singled to center . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Logan in center field . Ortiz flied out to right . Millar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Infante struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to third . Inge singled to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Tigers . Payton walked . Mirabelli popped out to shortstop . Bellhorn walked , Payton to second . Youkilis singled to left , Payton scored , Bellhorn to second . Damon flied out to center , Bellhorn to third . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Renteria struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Guillen flied out to center . White grounded out to shortstop . Percival pitching for Tigers . Logan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Percival pitching for Tigers . Ramirez struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out looking . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Pena struck out swinging . Young hit for Infante . Thames flied out to center . Smith ran for Young . Young singled to right . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Tigers 3 .	Red Sox edge Tigers ; Wakefield wins 117th with Boston