Red Sox - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Damon walked . Renteria doubled to left , Damon to third . Ortiz grounded out to second , Damon scored , Renteria to third . Ramirez walked . Millar hit sacrifice fly to left , Renteria scored , Ramirez to second . Varitek flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Kotsay popped out to second . Kendall hit by pitch . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kendall out at second . Hatteberg grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Payton struck out swinging . Bellhorn walked . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bellhorn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Ginter doubled to right center . Durazo struck out swinging . Watson walked . Scutaro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Watson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Renteria grounded out to third . Ortiz safe at first on error by shortstop Scutaro . Ramirez walked , Ortiz to second . Millar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Byrnes fouled out to catcher . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Varitek popped out to shortstop . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Payton walked . Bellhorn walked , Payton to second . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Chavez homered to right center . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Ginter walked . Durazo flied out to center . Watson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Renteria walked . Ortiz doubled to deep center , Renteria scored , Ortiz to third advancing on throw . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at third . Millar flied out to left . Varitek singled to right , Ramirez to third . Mueller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Scutaro struck out swinging . Byrnes singled to center . Kotsay walked , Byrnes to second . Kendall walked , Byrnes to third , Kotsay to second . Chavez grounded out to first , Byrnes scored , Kotsay to third , Kendall to second . Cruz pitching for Athletics . Hatteberg singled to right , Kotsay scored , Kendall to third , Kendall thrown out at home attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Cruz pitching for Athletics . Payton fouled out to first . Bellhorn walked . Damon lined out to shortstop . Renteria flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Ginter flied out to center . Durazo grounded out to second . Watson singled to center . Scutaro singled to right , Watson to second . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Byrnes singled to center , Watson scored , Scutaro to second . Kotsay singled to left , Scutaro scored , Byrnes to second . Kendall flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Cruz pitching for Athletics . Ortiz flied out to left . Ramirez struck out swinging . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Millar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Cruz pitching for Athletics . Varitek hit by pitch . Mueller walked , Varitek to second . Payton walked , Varitek to third , Mueller to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Damon safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg , Varitek scored , Mueller to third , Payton to second . Street pitching for Athletics . Renteria singled to right , Mueller and Payton scored , Damon to second , Damon scored , Renteria to third on error by right fielder Byrnes . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez struck out looking . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Durazo struck out swinging . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Watson flied out to left . Scutaro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Millar walked . Varitek struck out swinging . Mueller flied out to right . Payton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Byrnes struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to left . Kendall singled to left . Kendall to second on fielder 's indifference . Chavez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 7 - Athletics 5 .	BoSox take advantage of errors in win vs. bumbling A 's