Red Sox - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Damon singled to center . Renteria grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Damon out at second . Ortiz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Eckstein singled to center . Grudzielanek popped out to shortstop . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Eckstein out at second . Edmonds homered to left center , Pujols scored . Sanders flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Nixon popped out to shortstop . Varitek homered to right center . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Walker flied out to center . Nunez flied out to right . Molina walked . Suppan singled to left center , Molina to second . Eckstein singled to left center , Molina scored , Suppan to second . Grudzielanek singled to center , Suppan scored , Eckstein to second . Pujols doubled to deep right , Eckstein and Grudzielanek scored , Pujols to third advancing on throw . Edmonds struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Bellhorn fouled out to third . Clement struck out swinging . Damon homered to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Sanders homered to left . Walker flied out to left . Nunez flied out to left . Molina popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Renteria grounded out to third . Ortiz flied out to left . Ramirez walked . Nixon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Red Sox . Suppan struck out swinging . Eckstein flied out to left . Grudzielanek grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Varitek singled to right . Mueller grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Varitek out at second . Olerud hit for Clement . Bellhorn doubled to deep center , Mueller scored . Olerud grounded out to first , Bellhorn to third . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Damon popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Pujols grounded out to second . Edmonds struck out swinging . Sanders lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Renteria singled to center . Ortiz singled to right , Renteria to second . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second , Renteria to third . Nixon popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Halama pitching for Red Sox . Walker hit by pitch . Nunez sacrificed to pitcher , Walker to second . Taguchi hit for Suppan . Molina singled to left center , Walker to third . Taguchi struck out swinging . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Varitek hit by pitch . Mueller lined into double play , pitcher to first , Varitek out at first . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Mantei pitching for Red Sox . Grudzielanek hit by pitch . Pujols struck out looking . Grudzielanek stole second . Edmonds struck out looking . Sanders walked . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Youkilis at third base . Boston 's Mantei ejected by Young in the 7th . Nunez singled to center , Grudzielanek and Sanders scored , Walker to third . Molina flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . King pitching for Cardinals . St Louis 's Manager La Russa ejected by Cooper in the 8th . Damon struck out swinging . Seabol hit for King . Renteria grounded into double play , third to second to first , Youkilis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Seabol popped out to shortstop . Eckstein grounded out to second . White pitching for Cardinals . Grudzielanek flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Millar hit for Ramirez . White pitching for Cardinals . Ortiz singled to right . Payton hit for Nixon . Millar flied out to right . Payton singled to left , Ortiz to second . Vazquez hit for Embree . Varitek singled to left , Ortiz to third , Payton to second . Tavarez pitching for Cardinals . Vazquez lined out to center . Bellhorn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 2 - Cardinals 9 .	Cards hand Red Sox 's Clement first loss this season