Red Sox - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Damon grounded out to first . Renteria grounded out to third . Ortiz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore grounded out to third . Crisp grounded out to third . Belliard walked . Hafner singled to right , Belliard to third . Martinez singled to center , Belliard scored , Hafner to second . Hernandez fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Ramirez popped out to third . Millar flied out to center . Varitek struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Blake struck out looking . Boone flied out to right . Peralta singled to center . Sizemore singled to center , Peralta to second . Crisp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Payton singled to left , Payton to second on error by left fielder Crisp . Mueller flied out to left . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Belliard struck out looking . Hafner grounded out to catcher . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Renteria doubled to deep left . Ortiz singled to left , Renteria to third . Ramirez homered to left , Renteria and Ortiz scored . Millar fouled out to first . Varitek lined out to first . Payton grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Hernandez doubled to deep center . Blake singled to left , Hernandez to third . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hernandez scored , Blake out at second . Peralta singled to center , Boone to second . Sizemore walked , Boone to third , Peralta to second . Crisp singled to left , Boone scored , Peralta to third , Sizemore to second . Belliard hit sacrifice fly to center , Peralta scored . Hafner grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Indians . Mueller singled to left . Bellhorn doubled to deep right , Mueller to third . Damon singled to center , Mueller scored , Bellhorn to third . Renteria struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bellhorn scored , Damon to second . Ramirez hit ground rule double to left , Damon scored , Ortiz to third . Millar grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Varitek homered to center , Ortiz and Ramirez scored . Payton struck out looking . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Martinez struck out looking . Hernandez fouled out to catcher . Blake singled to center . Boone reached on infield single to third , Blake to second . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Mueller flied out to left . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Damon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Sizemore safe at first on error by second baseman Bellhorn . Crisp grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sizemore out at second . Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Hafner walked , Belliard to second . Broussard hit for Hernandez . Martinez singled to center , Belliard scored , Hafner to second . Broussard at first base . Broussard grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Betancourt pitching for Indians . Renteria doubled to deep right center . Ortiz lined out to third . Ramirez popped out to first . Olerud at first base . Millar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Blake grounded out to second . Boone lined out to left . Riske pitching for Indians . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Riske pitching for Indians . Varitek grounded out to second . Payton flied out to right . Mueller singled to right center . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Bellhorn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Sizemore struck out swinging . Crisp walked . Belliard struck out swinging . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Hafner homered to center , Crisp scored . Martinez homered to left center . Broussard struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Riske pitching for Indians . Damon homered to right center . Rhodes pitching for Indians . Renteria flied out to right . Howry pitching for Indians . Ortiz popped out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to center , Ramirez out stretching at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Red Sox . Blake walked . Boone flied out to right . Cora ran for Peralta . Peralta doubled to deep center , Blake scored . Sizemore lined out to right . Crisp flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 10 - Indians 9 .	BoSox rough up Sabathia , end Tribe 's nine - game win streak