Red Sox - Top 1st . Mays pitching for Twins . Graffanino singled to center . Renteria singled to left , Graffanino to second . Ortiz doubled to deep right center , Graffanino and Renteria scored . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Ortiz scored . Millar singled to center , Ramirez scored . Petagine flied out to left . Mirabelli singled to right , Millar to second . Cora flied out to left , Millar scored , Mirabelli to third on error by left fielder Stewart . Kapler struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Stewart flied out to right . Punto struck out swinging . Ford grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Mays pitching for Twins . Graffanino struck out swinging . Renteria singled to left . Ortiz lined into double play , pitcher to first , Renteria out at first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . LeCroy struck out looking . Jones struck out swinging . Cuddyer popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Mays pitching for Twins . Ramirez singled to center . Millar singled to left , Ramirez to second . Petagine lined out to pitcher . Mirabelli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Redmond struck out swinging . Castro singled to center . Bartlett singled to left , Castro to second . Stewart singled to left , Castro to third , Bartlett to second . Punto singled to shallow left , Castro and Bartlett scored , Stewart to second . Ford grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Punto out at second , Stewart to third , Stewart scored , Punto to third on throwing error by third baseman Cora . Ford stole second . LeCroy struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 4th . Mays pitching for Twins . Cora flied out to left . Kapler singled to center . Graffanino struck out swinging , Graffanino second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jones grounded out to first . Cuddyer struck out looking . Redmond flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Mays pitching for Twins . Renteria doubled to left . Ortiz walked . Ramirez singled to right , Renteria to third , Ortiz to second . Millar fouled out to first . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Petagine doubled to deep right center , Renteria , Ortiz and Ramirez scored , Petagine out stretching at third . Mirabelli struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Bartlett flied out to center . Stewart grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Cora flied out to center . Kapler singled to left . Graffanino flied out to right . Kapler stole second . Renteria grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Punto grounded out to third . Ford flied out to center . Romero pitching for Twins . LeCroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Romero pitching for Twins . Ortiz walked . Ramirez homered to right , Ortiz scored . Millar singled to right . Petagine struck out looking . Millar to second on wild pitch by Romero . Mirabelli walked . Stern in left field . Cora grounded into double play , second to first , Mirabelli out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Cuddyer reached on infield single to third . Redmond struck out swinging . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop , Cuddyer to third , Cuddyer scored , Castro to third on throwing error by shortstop Renteria . Tiffee at first base . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Bartlett flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Kapler homered to left . Graffanino struck out swinging . Renteria safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett . Ortiz struck out swinging . Stern flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 8th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Stewart struck out swinging , Stewart safe at first on wild pitch by Wakefield . Punto flied out to center . Ford walked , Stewart to second . LeCroy flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Mulholland pitching for Twins . Millar grounded out to catcher . Petagine flied out to left . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Mirabelli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Tiffee flied out to center . Redmond struck out swinging . Castro walked . Bartlett reached on infield single to third , Castro to second , Castro to third on throwing error by third baseman Cora . Stewart doubled to deep left , Castro and Bartlett scored . Punto singled to left , Stewart to third . Punto to second on fielder 's indifference . Ford walked . Schilling pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez ran for LeCroy . LeCroy walked , Stewart scored , Punto to third , Ford to second . Jones struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Red Sox 11 - Twins 7 .	Red Sox avoid sweep at Twins behind Manny 's four hits