Tigers - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Inge flied out to right . Polanco to second on wild pitch by Wells . Shelton grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third . Ordonez doubled to left center , Polanco scored . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Damon walked . Renteria grounded out to third , Damon to second . Ortiz singled to right , Damon scored . Ramirez flied out to right . Varitek struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Monroe singled to right center . McDonald struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Monroe stole second . Logan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Millar singled to center . Mueller doubled to left , Millar to third . Graffanino grounded out to third . Kapler hit sacrifice fly to center , Millar scored . Damon singled to left , Mueller scored , Damon out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Polanco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Inge hit ground rule double to deep right , Polanco to third . Shelton hit sacrifice fly to center , Polanco scored , Inge to third . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Young struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Renteria struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Monroe grounded out to third . McDonald grounded out to second . Wilson singled to center . Logan popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Varitek grounded out to third . Millar flied out to center . Mueller homered to left . Graffanino walked . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Graffanino out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Polanco grounded out to third . Inge singled to center . Shelton doubled to left center , Inge scored . Ordonez safe at first on error by first baseman Millar , Shelton advanced to third on play , Shelton tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . Young singled to center , Ordonez to second . Monroe struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Damon struck out swinging . Renteria flied out to center . Ortiz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . McDonald grounded out to first . Wilson grounded out to third . Logan grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Robertson pitching for Tigers . Ramirez singled to left . Varitek doubled to deep center , Ramirez scored . Millar walked . Mueller lined out to second . Graffanino doubled to left , Varitek scored , Millar to third . Kapler struck out swinging . German pitching for Tigers . Damon singled to center , Millar and Graffanino scored . Damon to second on wild pitch by German . Renteria struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Polanco flied out to center . Inge doubled to left . Shelton struck out swinging . Ordonez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . German pitching for Tigers . Ortiz reached on infield single to catcher . Ramirez doubled to deep center , Ortiz to third . Varitek walked . Millar popped out to first . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Mueller singled to right , Ortiz scored , Ramirez to third , Varitek to second . Graffanino flied out to center . Olerud at first base . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Kapler grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Young popped out to first . Monroe grounded out to third . McDonald reached on infield single to shortstop . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Damon grounded out to shortstop . Cora ran for Renteria . Renteria singled to center . Ortiz homered to right , Cora scored . Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Polanco . Cora at shortstop . Alvarez pitching for Red Sox . Varitek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 9th . Alvarez pitching for Red Sox . Logan flied out to right . Polanco flied out to right . Inge popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Red Sox 11 .	Wells pitches seven strong as Red Sox rock Tigers