Red Sox - Top 1st . Small pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to right . Renteria struck out swinging . Ortiz struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Damon to second . Nixon fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Williams grounded out to third . Rodriguez doubled to right . Giambi singled to shallow right , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to second on throwing error by second baseman Graffanino . Matsui walked . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Small pitching for Yankees . Varitek reached on infield single to third . Millar popped out to catcher . Mueller singled to right , Varitek to second . Graffanino singled to left , Varitek to third , Mueller to second . Damon hit sacrifice fly to center , Varitek scored . Renteria doubled to deep right , Mueller and Graffanino scored . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Posada homered to left . Cano grounded out to first . Lawton grounded out to second . Jeter grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Small pitching for Yankees . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Nixon struck out swinging . Varitek walked . Millar doubled to left , Varitek thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Williams struck out swinging . Rodriguez homered to right . Giambi singled to left . Matsui popped out to first . Sierra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Giambi out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Small pitching for Yankees . Mueller flied out to left . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . Damon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Posada singled to left center . Cano sacrificed to pitcher , Posada to second . Lawton lined out to shortstop . Jeter singled to center , Posada scored . Williams grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Small pitching for Yankees . Renteria popped out to shortstop . Ortiz popped out to second . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez struck out looking . Giambi flied out to left . Matsui flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Small pitching for Yankees . Nixon grounded out to first . Varitek flied out to center . Millar hit by pitch . Mueller singled to left , Millar to second . Graffanino lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Wells pitching for Red Sox . Sierra lined out to left . Posada reached on infield single to first . Cano singled to center , Posada to second , Posada to third , Cano to second on error by center fielder Damon . J Posada scored , Cano to third on error by shortstop Renteria . Bradford pitching for Red Sox . Lawton grounded out to first . Jeter walked . Williams singled to center , Cano scored , Jeter to third . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored , Williams to second . Giambi singled to center , Williams scored , Rodriguez to third . Matsui flied out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Small pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to right . Renteria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Ortiz walked , Renteria to second . Embree pitching for Yankees . Ramirez hit by pitch , Renteria to third , Ortiz to second . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Nixon safe at first on error by second baseman Cano , Renteria scored , Ortiz to third , Ramirez to second . Harville pitching for Red Sox . Varitek grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Nixon out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Harville pitching for Red Sox . Sierra struck out swinging . Posada struck out swinging . Cano singled to left center . Lawton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Millar flied out to left . Mueller doubled to left . Graffanino struck out swinging . Gonzalez pitching for Red Sox . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Jeter lined out to right . Williams singled to right . Crosby ran for Williams . Crosby stole second , Crosby safe at third on throwing error by catcher Varitek . Rodriguez fouled out to catcher . Crosby in center field . Phillips at first base . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Renteria singled to center . Ortiz flied out to right . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Renteria out at second . Nixon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Yankees 8 .	A Small victory : Yanks pitcher still unbeaten