Dodgers - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Betts doubled to left. Muncy flied into double play, center to third, Betts thrown out at third. Turner singled to left. Bellinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Schwarber struck out swinging. Harrison struck out swinging. Soto walked. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Taylor struck out swinging. Beaty singled to right. Lux lined out to center. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Castro singled to right. Gomes doubled to deep left, Castro to third. Castro scored on error and Gomes scored on error, Robles safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Turner, Robles safe at third on error. Arteaga hit sacrifice fly to center, Robles scored. Scherzer fouled out to right. Schwarber singled to deep center. Parra ran for Schwarber. Harrison grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Parra in left field. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Urías fouled out to third. Betts flied out to right. Muncy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Soto grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman popped out to second. Castro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Turner homered to center (399 feet). Bellinger struck out swinging. Taylor struck out swinging. Beaty popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Gomes flied out to center. Robles struck out looking. Arteaga grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Lux struck out swinging. Barnes struck out swinging. Urías flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Scherzer grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to first. Harrison walked. Soto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Nationals. Betts flied out to center. Muncy walked. Turner flied out to right. Bellinger popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Urias pitching for Dodgers. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Castro walked. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Clay pitching for Nationals. Taylor doubled to deep right center. Pollock hit for Beaty. Pollock lined out to right, Taylor to third. Pujols hit for Lux. Pujols reached on infield single to shortstop, Taylor scored. Barnes hit by pitch, Pujols to second. Souza Jr. hit for Urías. Voth pitching for Nationals. McKinstry hit for Souza Jr. McKinstry walked, Barnes to second, Pujols to third. Betts singled to left, Barnes scored and Pujols scored, Betts to second, McKinstry to third. Muncy singled to shallow left, McKinstry scored and Betts scored. Turner singled to right, Muncy to third. Lobstein pitching for Nationals. Bellinger grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bellinger to second, Turner to third, Muncy out at home in rundown. Taylor singled to center, Turner scored and Bellinger scored. Pollock homered to right center (402 feet), Taylor scored. Pujols flied out to right. 9 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Muncy at second base. Taylor at shortstop. Pollock in left field. Pujols at first base. Nelson pitching for Dodgers. Robles popped out to third. Arteaga lined out to center. Lester hit for Lobstein. Lester struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rodríguez pitching for Nationals. Barnes struck out swinging. Nelson struck out looking. Betts fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Cleavinger pitching for Dodgers. Parra struck out swinging. Harrison singled to shallow right center. Soto singled to right center, Harrison to second. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to right, Harrison scored, Soto to second, Soto safe at third on fielding error by second baseman Muncy. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Castro reached first base on catcher's interference, Castro to first on error by catcher Barnes, Zimmerman to second on error. Gomes grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Muncy walked. Muncy to second on wild pitch by Rodríguez. Turner walked. Bellinger flied out to left. Taylor popped out to right. Pollock fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Graterol pitching for Dodgers. Robles grounded out to catcher. Arteaga grounded out to pitcher. Bell hit for Rodríguez. Bell doubled to deep left center. Bell scored on error, Parra safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Bellinger. Harrison grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 10 - Nationals 5.	Dodgers visit White House, rally past Nats, 7th win in row