Padres - Top 1st. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Grisham walked. Tatis Jr. grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grisham out at second. Tatis Jr. stole second, Tatis Jr. safe at third on throwing error by catcher Rivera. Cronenworth lined out to shortstop. Machado reached on infield single to third, Tatis Jr. scored. Pham reached on infield single to third, Machado to second. Hosmer singled to left center, Machado scored, Pham to third. Pham stole home, Hosmer stole second. Myers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Paddack pitching for Padres. Escobar singled to right. Turner walked, Escobar to second. Soto homered to right center (407 feet), Escobar scored and Turner scored. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Harrison lined out to center. Mercer doubled to deep right. Rivera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Caratini walked. Paddack sacrificed to first, Caratini to second. Grisham walked. Tatis Jr. walked, Grisham to second, Caratini to third. Machado pitching for Nationals. Cronenworth doubled to left, Caratini scored and Grisham scored, Tatis Jr. to third. Machado walked. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado to second, Cronenworth out at third on runner's inteference. Hosmer singled to right, Tatis Jr. scored and Tatis Jr. scored, Pham to second, Machado to third. Parra in center field. Espino pitching for Nationals. Myers homered to left (425 feet), Machado scored, Pham scored and Hosmer scored. Caratini struck out looking. 7 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Parra flied out to left. Espino lined out to second. Escobar popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Espino pitching for Nationals. Paddack lined out to center. Grisham flied out to center. Tatis Jr. walked. Cronenworth tripled to deep right, Tatis Jr. scored. Machado flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Turner reached on infield single to third. Soto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Turner out at second. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Espino pitching for Nationals. Pham doubled to deep left. Hosmer doubled to deep right center, Pham scored. Myers flied out to center. Caratini grounded out to first, Hosmer to third. Paddack struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Paddack pitching for Padres. Harrison tripled to deep center. Mercer grounded out to shortstop, Harrison scored. Rivera grounded out to second. Parra struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Clay pitching for Nationals. Grisham struck out looking. Tatis Jr. grounded out to shortstop. Cronenworth homered to right center (419 feet). Machado grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Hernández hit for Clay. Paddack pitching for Padres. Hernández grounded out to second. Escobar grounded out to third. Turner grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Suero pitching for Nationals. Pham homered to center (407 feet). Hosmer walked. Myers homered to right (352 feet), Hosmer scored. Caratini lined out to shortstop. O'Grady hit for Paddack. O'Grady walked. Grisham safe at first on fielding error by left fielder Hernández, Grisham safe at second on error, O'Grady safe at third on error. Tatis Jr. singled to left, O'Grady scored and Grisham scored. Kim ran for Tatis Jr. Harper pitching for Nationals. Cronenworth reached on infield single to shortstop, Kim to second. (Cronenworth hits for cycle). Mateo hit for Machado. Mateo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cronenworth out at second, Kim to third. Pham singled to left, Kim scored, Mateo to third. Hosmer struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Kim at shortstop. Mateo at third base. Díaz pitching for Padres. O'Grady at first base. Soto homered to right (427 feet). Bell grounded out to first. Harrison walked. Mercer walked, Harrison to second. Rivera struck out swinging. Parra homered to right center (408 feet), Harrison scored and Mercer scored. Hernández flied out to center. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Myers struck out looking. Caratini safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Escobar. O'Grady struck out looking. Grisham singled to center, Caratini to second. Kim flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Profar at second base. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Escobar lined out to shortstop. Zimmerman hit for Harper. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Soto singled to center. Bell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Profar grounded out to third. Mateo flied out to center. Pham walked. Rivas hit for Crismatt. Rivas singled to center, Pham to third. Myers singled to center, Pham scored, Rivas to second. Caratini singled to center, Myers to second, Rivas to third. O'Grady singled to left, Myers scored and Rivas scored, Caratini to second. Grisham singled to shallow left center, Caratini scored, O'Grady to second. Kim lined out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Norwood pitching for Padres. Rivas catching. Caratini at first base. O'Grady in center field. Harrison grounded out to second. Mercer singled to right. Rivera singled to left center, Mercer to second. Parra struck out swinging. Hernández walked, Rivera to second, Mercer to third. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Profar flied out to right. Mateo homered to left (427 feet). Pham flied out to center. Rivas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Barrera hit for Rodriguez. Norwood pitching for Padres. Barrera struck out swinging. Soto singled to left center, Soto out stretching at second. Bell singled to deep right. Harrison fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 24 - Nationals 8.	Cronenworth hits for cycle, Padres rout Nationals 24-8