Padres - Top 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Pham walked. Tatis Jr. singled to right, Pham to second. Cronenworth singled to left, Pham scored, Tatis Jr. to third. Machado fouled out to shortstop, Tatis Jr. scored, Cronenworth to second. Myers walked. Grisham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Myers out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Padres. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Turner walked. Soto struck out swinging, Turner stole second. Zimmerman walked. Harrison singled to center, Turner scored, Zimmerman to second. Mercer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Zimmerman out at third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Kim grounded out to second. Rivas struck out swinging. Snell singled to shallow left. Pham singled to right, Snell to second. Tatis Jr. singled to center, Snell scored, Pham to second. Cronenworth struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Padres. Rivera singled to left. Robles popped out to second. Corbin sacrificed to pitcher, Rivera to second. Escobar popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Machado doubled to deep left. Myers singled to center, Myers to second, Machado to third. Grisham popped out to shortstop. Kim doubled to deep left, Machado scored and Myers scored. Rivas struck out swinging. Snell grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Padres. Turner singled to center. Soto walked, Turner to second. Zimmerman homered to center (419 feet), Turner scored and Soto scored. Harrison doubled to right. Mercer walked. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mercer out at second, Harrison to third. Robles hit by pitch. Robles stole second. Corbin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Pham walked. Pham caught stealing second, catcher to second. Tatis Jr. doubled to right. Cronenworth reached first base on catcher's interference, Cronenworth to first on error by catcher Rivera. Machado grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cronenworth out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Padres. Escobar reached on bunt single to third. Turner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Escobar out at second. Soto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Myers walked. Grisham grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Myers out at second. Kim grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Harrison reached on infield single to third, Harrison safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Mercer grounded out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Rivas singled to right. Profar hit for Stammen. Profar lined out to right. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Pham singled to right, Rivas to second. Tatis Jr. singled to deep left, Rivas scored, Pham to third. Tatis Jr. stole second. Cronenworth singled to left, Pham scored, Tatis Jr. to third. Cronenworth caught stealing second, catcher to second. Machado singled to center, Tatis Jr. scored. Myers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Johnson pitching for Padres. Robles struck out looking. Hernández hit for Finnegan. Hernández singled to center. Escobar flied out to right. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernández out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Clay pitching for Nationals. Grisham struck out looking. Kim grounded out to shortstop. Rivas singled to right. Hosmer hit for Johnson. Hosmer walked, Rivas to second. Pham singled to right, Rivas scored on error and Hosmer scored on throwing error by right fielder Soto, Pham to second. Machado pitching for Nationals. Tatis Jr. flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Hill pitching for Padres. Soto struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Harrison flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Machado pitching for Nationals. Cronenworth struck out swinging. Machado singled to right center, Machado safe at second on fielding error by right fielder Soto. Myers struck out looking. Grisham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Mercer struck out swinging. Rivera struck out looking. Robles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Kim singled to center. Rivas grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kim out at second. O'Grady hit for Adams. O'Grady grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Díaz pitching for Padres. Bell hit for Harper. Bell singled to left. Escobar singled to right center, Bell to second. Turner struck out swinging. Soto flied out to right. Zimmerman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 10 - Nationals 4.	Pads beat Nats 10-4, complete game suspended after shooting