Phillies - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Nationals. Jankowski flied out to center. Segura struck out swinging. Harper flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Robles lined out to left. Sánchez grounded out to catcher. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Realmuto fouled out to first. Miller fouled out to catcher. Bohm flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Suarez pitching for Phillies. Bell walked. Hernández grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bell out at second. Kieboom grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Gregorius popped out to third. Herrera singled to right center. Suárez sacrificed to catcher, Herrera to second. Jankowski reached on infield single to shortstop, Herrera to third. Segura flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Suarez pitching for Phillies. García grounded out to pitcher. Barrera fouled out to right. Gray grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Harper walked. Realmuto singled to left, Harper to second. Miller flied out to center. Bohm flied out to center, Harper to third. Gregorius grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Robles bunt grounded out to third. Sánchez struck out swinging. Soto singled to left. Bell grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Herrera homered to right center (416 feet). Neris struck out looking. Jankowski grounded out to second. Segura walked. Harper grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Hernández struck out swinging. Kieboom popped out to second. García grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Thompson pitching for Nationals. Realmuto grounded out to shortstop. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Bohm reached on infield single to pitcher. Gregorius singled to left, Bohm to second. Herrera walked, Gregorius to second, Bohm to third. Hoskins hit for Neris. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. De Los Santos pitching for Phillies. Barrera struck out looking. Stevenson hit for Thompson. Stevenson homered to right (388 feet). Robles hit by pitch. Sánchez bunt grounded out to third, Robles to second. Alvarado pitching for Phillies. Soto intentionally walked. Bell struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Clay pitching for Nationals. Jankowski grounded out to second. Segura walked. Harper doubled to left, Segura to third. Machado pitching for Nationals. Realmuto intentionally walked. Segura scored on Machado wild pitch, Realmuto to second on wild pitch by Machado, Harper to third on wild pitch by Machado. Miller flied into double play, left to catcher, Harper thrown out at home. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Alvarado pitching for Phillies. Hernández singled to left. Kieboom singled to center, Hernández to second. García grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Kieboom to second, Hernández out at third. Barrera walked, García to second, Kieboom to third. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Bohm at first base. Zimmerman hit for Machado. Torreyes at third base. Zimmerman singled to shallow left, García scored and Kieboom scored, Barrera to second. Robles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Zimmerman out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Klobosits pitching for Nationals. Bohm grounded out to third. Gregorius flied out to right. Herrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Sánchez popped out to shortstop. Soto struck out looking. Bell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Klobosits pitching for Nationals. Torreyes singled to center. Jankowski singled to right, Torreyes to second. Suero pitching for Nationals. Segura doubled to deep right, Torreyes scored, Jankowski to third. Harper intentionally walked. Realmuto singled to left, Jankowski scored and Segura scored, Harper to second. Williams hit for Bradley. Williams struck out swinging. Bohm singled to center, Harper scored, Realmuto to third. Gregorius grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Realmuto scored, Bohm out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Kennedy pitching for Phillies. Hernández walked. Kieboom homered to left (423 feet), Hernández scored. García grounded out to first. Barrera popped out to shortstop. Parra hit for Suero. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 7 - Nationals 5.	Realmuto, Segura help Phillies rally to 7-5 win vs Nats