Phillies - Top 1st. Ross pitching for Nationals. Jankowski flied out to left. Realmuto flied out to right. Harper lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Nola pitching for Phillies. Robles grounded out to second. Escobar struck out swinging. Soto struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Hoskins singled to right. Gregorius struck out swinging. Bohm struck out swinging. Herrera walked, Hoskins to second. Torreyes singled to center, Hoskins scored, Herrera to second. Nola struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Bell flied out to right. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Nola. Kieboom doubled to deep left, Hernández to third. García struck out swinging. Barrera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 3rd. Ross pitching for Nationals. Jankowski lined out to center. Realmuto struck out swinging. Harper homered to center (427 feet). Hoskins struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Nola pitching for Phillies. Ross struck out looking. Robles lined out to right. Escobar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Gregorius grounded out to second. Bohm struck out swinging. Herrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Soto walked. Bell singled to right, Soto to third. Hernández struck out swinging. Kieboom singled to left, Soto scored, Bell to second. García walked, Kieboom to second, Bell to third. Barrera hit by pitch, Bell scored, García to second, Kieboom to third. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barrera to second, García to third, Kieboom out at home. Robles struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 5th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Torreyes lined out to right. Nola struck out looking. Jankowski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Nola pitching for Phillies. Escobar singled to left. Soto walked, Escobar to second. Bell homered to center (413 feet), Escobar scored and Soto scored. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Kieboom grounded out to third. García grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Realmuto walked. Harper lined out to left. Hoskins lined into double play, pitcher to first, Realmuto doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. De Los Santos pitching for Phillies. Barrera safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Torreyes. Ross hit by pitch, Barrera to second. Robles bunted into fielder's choice to third, Ross out at second, Barrera to third. Robles picked off first. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 7th. Ross pitching for Nationals. Gregorius flied out to right. Bohm doubled to deep center. Herrera singled to left center, Bohm scored. Harper pitching for Nationals. Torreyes popped out to second. Miller hit for De Los Santos. Miller walked, Herrera to second. Jankowski walked, Miller to second, Herrera to third. Realmuto flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Alvarado pitching for Phillies. Soto singled to left. Bell lined into double play, second to first, Soto doubled off first. Hernández singled to right. Kieboom walked, Hernández to second. García reached on infield single to second, Kieboom to second, Hernández out at home on runner's fielder's choice. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Nationals. Harper lined out to right. Thompson pitching for Nationals. Hoskins singled to left. Gregorius popped out to third. Bohm struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Llovera pitching for Phillies. Barrera grounded out to pitcher. Parra hit for Thompson. Parra flied out to left. Robles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Herrera doubled to deep center. Torreyes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Kieboom. Segura hit for Llovera. Segura struck out swinging. Jankowski grounded out to third, Torreyes to second, Herrera to third. Realmuto doubled to deep right center, Herrera scored and Torreyes scored. Harper intentionally walked. Hoskins doubled to deep left center, Harper scored and Realmuto scored. Gregorius flied out to left. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Bradley pitching for Phillies. Escobar lined out to shortstop. Soto doubled to deep center. Bell reached on infield single to shortstop, Soto scored on throwing error by shortstop Gregorius, Bell to second. Hernández lined out to left. Kieboom grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Phillies 7 - Nationals 6.	Realmuto, Hoskins help streaking Phils rally past Nats 7-6