Rockies - Top 1st. Gray pitching for Nationals. Hampson walked. Hampson to second on wild pitch by Gray. Rodgers walked. Blackmon doubled to deep right, Hampson scored, Rodgers to third. Story struck out swinging. Cron hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodgers scored. McMahon lined out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Thomas lined out to center. Escobar lined out to third. Soto singled to left. Bell walked, Soto to second. Hernández reached on infield single to second, Soto scored on throwing error by shortstop Story, Bell to third. Ruiz doubled to left center, Bell scored, Hernández to third. Kieboom flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 2nd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Díaz flied out to left. Hilliard fouled out to first. Márquez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. García grounded out to first. Gray struck out swinging. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Gray pitching for Nationals. Hampson flied out to center. Rodgers grounded out to pitcher. Blackmon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Escobar grounded out to third. Soto grounded out to third. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Story struck out swinging. Cron lined out to center. McMahon walked. Díaz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Hernández flied out to left. Ruiz singled to right. Kieboom reached on infield single to pitcher, Ruiz to second. García singled to left center, Ruiz scored, Kieboom to second. Gray lined out to right, Kieboom to third. Thomas homered to center (404 feet), Kieboom scored and García scored. Escobar doubled to deep right. Soto intentionally walked. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Hilliard struck out swinging. Ruiz hit for Márquez. Ruiz struck out swinging. Hampson walked. Rodgers homered to left center (393 feet), Hampson scored. Blackmon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. Hernández grounded out to second. Ruiz lined out to center. Kieboom grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Gray pitching for Nationals. Story doubled to deep right. Cron flied out to left. Baldonado pitching for Nationals. McMahon singled to left, Story scored. Díaz fouled out to first. Hilliard homered to right (436 feet), McMahon scored. Welker hit for Goudeau. Welker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Sheffield pitching for Rockies. García grounded out to second. Stevenson hit for Baldonado. Stevenson flied out to left. Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop, Thomas safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Story. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 7th. Thompson pitching for Nationals. Hampson lined out to shortstop. Rodgers grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Kinley pitching for Rockies. Soto walked. Bell singled to right, Soto to second. Hernández flied out to left, Bell to second, Soto to third. Ruiz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Soto out at home. Kieboom flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Murphy pitching for Nationals. Story popped out to first. Cron flied out to shortstop. McMahon lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Chacín pitching for Rockies. García struck out swinging. Zimmerman hit for Murphy. Zimmerman doubled to left. Thomas walked. Escobar singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Thomas to second. Gilbreath pitching for Rockies. Soto walked, Escobar to second, Thomas to third. Bell grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thomas scored, Soto out at second, Escobar to third. Hernández struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Finnegan pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman at first base. Díaz homered to left (359 feet). Hilliard singled to right. Tapia hit for Gilbreath. Hilliard stole second. Tapia walked. Hampson sacrificed to third, Tapia to second, Hilliard to third. Rodgers singled to left, Hilliard scored, Tapia to third. Blackmon grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rodgers out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Estévez pitching for Rockies. Ruiz singled to left center. Adams ran for Ruiz. Kieboom struck out looking. García flied out to left. Zimmerman singled to right, Adams to third. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zimmerman out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 9 - Nationals 8.	Rockies score 2 in 9th, beat Nats 9-8 for 4th straight win