Nationals - Top 1st. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Thomas doubled to deep left. Escobar reached on infield single to shortstop, Thomas to third. Soto reached on infield single to first, Thomas scored, Escobar to second. Bell singled to center, Soto to second, Escobar to third. Hernández grounded out to second, Escobar scored, Bell to second, Soto to third. García struck out swinging. Adams walked. Kieboom grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Espino pitching for Nationals. Tapia grounded out to second. Rodgers grounded out to third. Blackmon walked. Story singled to shallow right, Blackmon to second. Cron singled to shallow left center, Blackmon scored, Story to third. McMahon homered to left (394 feet), Story scored and Cron scored. Hilliard grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Espino singled to right. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Espino out at second. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Thomas to second. Soto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Espino pitching for Nationals. Nuñez flied out to left. Lambert grounded out to shortstop. Tapia doubled to center. Rodgers lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Lambert pitching for Rockies. Bell singled to left. Hernández reached on infield single to first, Bell to third. García doubled to right, Bell scored, Hernández to third. Almonte pitching for Rockies. Adams hit by pitch. Kieboom struck out swinging. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. Stevenson hit for Espino. Espino struck out swinging. Thomas singled to left, García scored and Hernández scored, Adams to second. Escobar struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Nationals. Blackmon walked. Story reached on infield single to third, Blackmon to second. Cron hit by pitch, Story to second, Blackmon to third. Voth pitching for Nationals. McMahon struck out swinging. Hilliard singled to right center, Blackmon scored and Story scored, Cron to third. Hilliard stole second. Nuñez walked. Goudeau struck out swinging. Tapia grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. Soto grounded out to third. Bell struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Machado pitching for Nationals. Rodgers flied out to right. Blackmon singled to left center. Story reached on infield single to shortstop, Blackmon to second, Blackmon safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Story caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Goudeau pitching for Rockies. García walked. Adams struck out swinging. Kieboom walked, García to second. Avila hit for Machado. Avila grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Kieboom out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Baldonado pitching for Nationals. McMahon walked. Hilliard struck out swinging. Nuñez singled to left, McMahon to second. Welker hit for Goudeau. Romero pitching for Nationals. Welker doubled to deep left, McMahon scored, Nuñez to third. Tapia singled to right, Nuñez scored, Welker to third. Rodgers hit sacrifice fly to right, Welker scored. Blackmon flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Chacín pitching for Rockies. Thomas grounded out to shortstop. Escobar walked. Soto grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Nolin pitching for Nationals. Story reached on infield single to shortstop, Story out stretching at second. Cron flied out to right. McMahon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Rockies. Bell walked. Gilbreath pitching for Rockies. Hernández struck out swinging. Bell to second on wild pitch by Gilbreath. García grounded out to second, Bell to third. Adams flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Nolin pitching for Nationals. Hilliard flied out to center. Nuñez singled to right. Daza hit for Gilbreath. Daza walked, Nuñez to second. Tapia flied out to center. Rodgers grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Daza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Bard pitching for Rockies. Kieboom grounded out to first. Zimmerman hit for Nolin. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Thomas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Fedde pitching for Nationals. Blackmon grounded out to second. Story walked. Cron doubled to deep left, Story to third. McMahon grounded out to shortstop, Story scored. Hilliard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Bard pitching for Rockies. Escobar struck out looking. Soto walked. Bell struck out swinging. Soto to second on fielder's indifference. Hernández grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 5 - Rockies 10.	Cool Story: Shortstop has 4 hits, Rox beat Nationals 10-5