Cubs - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Fowler struck out swinging . Heyward grounded out to second . Bryant hit by pitch . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Wong singled to right . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wong out at second . Holliday grounded out to third , Díaz to second . Piscotty singled to center , Díaz scored . Adams popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist singled to center . La Stella walked , Zobrist to second . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , La Stella out at second , Zobrist to third . Russell singled to center , Zobrist scored , Montero to second . Arrieta struck out swinging . Fowler singled to center , Montero scored , Russell to third . Heyward doubled to right , Russell and Fowler scored . Bryant reached on infield single to shortstop , Heyward to third . Rizzo walked , Bryant to second . Zobrist singled to right , Heyward and Bryant scored , Rizzo to second . La Stella struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Molina grounded out to third . Grichuk homered to right ( 376 feet ) . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Martínez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Montero walked . Russell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Montero out at second . Arrieta flied out to right . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Wong grounded out to first . Díaz grounded out to third . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Heyward struck out swinging . Bryant struck out swinging . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Piscotty walked . Adams doubled to deep right , Piscotty scored . Molina grounded out to first , Adams to third . Grichuk singled to right , Adams scored . Tejada struck out swinging . Martínez reached on infield single to pitcher , Grichuk to second . Wong flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist safe at first on error by second baseman Wong . La Stella struck out swinging . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zobrist out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Arrieta pitching for Cubs . Díaz singled to left . Holliday grounded out to third , Díaz to second . Piscotty safe at first on throwing error by third baseman La Stella , Díaz to third . Adams struck out swinging . Molina hit by pitch , Piscotty to second . Grichuk grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 6th . Oh pitching for Cardinals . Russell singled to shallow center . Szczur hit for Arrieta . Szczur reached on bunt single to third , Russell to second . Fowler bunt popped out foul to catcher . Heyward struck out swinging . Bryant homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Russell and Szczur scored . Rizzo grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Warren pitching for Cubs . Tejada singled to right center . Hazelbaker hit for Oh . Hazelbaker lined out to second . Wong flied out to right . Díaz reached on infield single to third , Tejada to second . Holliday homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Tejada and Díaz scored . Piscotty grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Zobrist singled to center . La Stella walked , Zobrist to second . Montero struck out swinging . Russell struck out swinging , Zobrist to third , La Stella to second on wild pitch by Broxton . Báez hit for Warren . Báez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Báez at third base . Adams homered to right ( 408 feet ) . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Grichuk flied out to right . Tejada flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Fowler walked . Heyward grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fowler out at second . Bryant walked . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Moss hit for Siegrist . Moss walked . Wong flied out to right . Moss to second on wild pitch by Strop . Díaz struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Moss in left field . Zobrist struck out swinging . Soler hit for Strop . Soler struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Rondón pitching for Cubs . Piscotty singled to right . Adams singled to right , Piscotty to second . Molina struck out swinging . Grichuk struck out swinging . Gyorko hit for Tejada . Gyorko grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Cardinals 8 .	Arrieta moves to 9 - 0 and Cubs edge Cardinals 9 - 8