Cubs - Top 1st . Guerra pitching for Brewers . La Stella walked . Bryant walked , La Stella to second . Rizzo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bryant out at second , La Stella to third . Zobrist struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Lester pitching for Cubs . Villar walked . Villar stole second . Villar stole third . Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left , Villar scored . Braun reached on infield single to first . Braun stole second . Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun to third . Carter singled to left , Braun scored , Lucroy to second . Gennett struck out swinging . Middlebrooks walked , Lucroy to third , Carter to second . Elmore flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Contreras grounded out to third . Heyward grounded out to first . Russell grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Guerra struck out swinging . Villar struck out swinging , Villar safe at first on passed ball by Ross . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Villar out at second . Pérez stole second . Braun struck out swinging , Braun safe at first on wild pitch by Lester , Pérez to third . Braun stole second . Lucroy lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Ross struck out looking . Lester walked . La Stella singled to center , Lester to second . Bryant fouled out to first . Rizzo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Lester pitching for Cubs . Carter flied out to center . Gennett struck out swinging . Middlebrooks popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Nieuwenhuis in center field . Elmore at third base . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Zobrist walked . Zobrist caught stealing second , catcher to second . Contreras reached on infield single to second . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Contreras out at second . Russell popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Báez at shortstop . Lester pitching for Cubs . Elmore walked . Elmore caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Guerra struck out swinging . Villar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Ross flied out to center . Lester lined out to center . La Stella singled to center , La Stella out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Lester pitching for Cubs . Pérez walked . Braun doubled to deep right , Pérez to third . Lucroy walked . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Carter struck out looking . Richard pitching for Cubs . Gennett singled to left , Pérez and Braun scored , Lucroy to second , Gennett to second , Lucroy to third advancing on throw . Nieuwenhuis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lucroy out at home , Gennett to third . Elmore intentionally walked , Nieuwenhuis to second . Guerra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Elmore out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Bryant singled to center . Rizzo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bryant safe at second on error by second baseman Gennett . Zobrist singled to right , Bryant scored , Rizzo to second . Contreras grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zobrist out at second , Rizzo to third . Heyward lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Nathan pitching for Cubs . Villar tripled to deep right . Pérez walked . Pérez stole second . Braun struck out looking . Lucroy struck out swinging . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Guerra pitching for Brewers . Báez flied out to left . Montero hit for Ross . Smith pitching for Brewers . Montero singled to right . Szczur hit for Nathan . Szczur safe at first on error by third baseman Elmore , Montero to second . La Stella doubled to deep right , Montero scored , Szczur to third . Bryant intentionally walked . Rizzo doubled to deep right center , Szczur , La Stella and Bryant scored . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Wilkins at first base . Zobrist singled to right center , Rizzo scored . Contreras struck out swinging . Zobrist caught stealing second , catcher to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Cubs . Zobrist at second base . Heyward in right field . Montero catching . Szczur in center field . Gennett grounded out to pitcher . Nieuwenhuis walked . Elmore hit ground rule double to right , Nieuwenhuis to third . Wilkins struck out swinging . Villar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Heyward grounded out to shortstop . Báez singled to right center . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Báez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Pérez grounded out to second . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Boyer pitching for Brewers . Szczur singled to center . Fowler hit for Strop . Szczur caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Fowler walked . Bryant struck out looking . Rizzo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Rondón pitching for Cubs . Flores hit for Boyer . Flores struck out swinging . Gennett grounded out to second . Nieuwenhuis homered to right ( 365 feet ) . Elmore struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Brewers 5 .	Anthony Rizzo 's 3 - run double helps Cubs beat Brewers 6 - 5