Cubs - Top 1st . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Fowler grounded out to second . Bryant flied out to right . Rizzo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Dahl singled to left . LeMahieu singled to right center , Dahl to third . González flied out to right . Arenado homered to left ( 437 feet ) , Dahl and LeMahieu scored . Parra safe at first on error by first baseman Rizzo . Descalso walked , Parra to second . Paulsen grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Parra to third , Descalso safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Bryant . Wolters doubled to center , Parra and Descalso scored , Paulsen to third . De La Rosa singled to right , Paulsen and Wolters scored . Dahl flied out to center . LeMahieu singled to right , De La Rosa to second . González lined out to center . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Zobrist struck out looking . Russell grounded out to second . Contreras popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Arenado singled to left . Parra grounded into double play , to first , Arenado out at second . Descalso grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Báez lined out to right . Szczur struck out swinging . Hammel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hammel pitching for Cubs . Paulsen struck out swinging . Wolters doubled to deep left center , Wolters to third on error by center fielder Fowler . De La Rosa grounded out to second . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Fowler walked . Bryant grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at second . Rizzo singled to right center , Bryant to second . Zobrist grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rizzo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Hammel pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu walked . González doubled to center , LeMahieu to third . Arenado homered to left ( 444 feet ) , LeMahieu and González scored . Parra lined out to right . Zastryzny pitching for Cubs . Descalso struck out looking . Paulsen flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Russell homered to left ( 398 feet ) . Contreras struck out swinging . Báez flied out to left . Szczur grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Zastryzny pitching for Cubs . Wolters struck out swinging . De La Rosa grounded out to pitcher . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Zastryzny grounded out to third . Fowler grounded out to shortstop . Bryant grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Zastryzny pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu grounded out to third . González reached on infield single to shortstop . Arenado reached on infield single to pitcher , González to second . Parra struck out swinging . Descalso walked , González to third , Arenado to second . Paulsen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Rizzo grounded out to first . Zobrist struck out swinging . Russell homered to left ( 447 feet ) . Contreras grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Zobrist at shortstop . Patton pitching for Cubs . Szczur in right field . Wood in left field . Wolters grounded out to second . De La Rosa grounded out to second . Dahl struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Rockies . Báez flied out to right . Szczur grounded out to shortstop . Wood singled to left center . Fowler grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Patton pitching for Cubs . LeMahieu homered to left center ( 436 feet ) . González struck out swinging . Arenado grounded out to first . Parra reached on infield single to first . Descalso struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Adames at third base . Carasiti pitching for Rockies . Bryant singled to left . Rizzo singled to center , Bryant to third . Zobrist singled to deep right , Bryant scored , Rizzo to third , Zobrist out stretching at second . Soler hit for Patton . Soler fouled out to first , Rizzo scored . Contreras lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Rockies 11 .	Arenado 's 2 home runs , 6 RBIs power Rockies past Cubs