Royals - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . Podsednik safe at first on error by third baseman Harris . Butler flied out to right . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Span walked . Hudson walked , Span to second . Mauer grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hudson out at second , Span to third . Morneau struck out swinging . Cuddyer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Ankiel popped out to second . Callaspo singled to shallow left . Kendall struck out swinging , Callaspo stole second . Betancourt singled to left , Callaspo thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Kubel flied out to left . Young flied out to left . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Bloomquist lined out to shortstop . DeJesus struck out swinging . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Harris struck out looking . Span singled to right center . Hudson lined out to right . Mauer walked , Span to second . Morneau walked , Span to third , Mauer to second . Cuddyer doubled to right , Span and Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Kubel struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Butler flied out to right . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Ankiel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Young flied out to left . Hardy reached on infield single to third . Harris singled to shallow center , Hardy to second . Span grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . Callaspo grounded out to first . Kendall flied out to center . Betancourt homered to left ( 419 feet ) . Bloomquist struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Hudson singled to shallow right . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau singled to left , Hudson to second . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hudson to third , Morneau safe at second on error by second baseman Bloomquist . Kubel walked , Hudson scored , Morneau to third , Cuddyer to second . Young hit sacrifice fly to center , Morneau scored , Cuddyer to third . Hardy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Baker pitching for Twins . DeJesus tripled to right center . Podsednik lined out to second . Butler singled to shallow right , DeJesus scored . Guillen singled to left , Butler to second . Ankiel struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Harris singled to left . Span hit by pitch , Harris to second . Hudson walked , Harris to third , Span to second . Hughes pitching for Royals . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Harris scored , Span to third . Morneau popped out to first . Cuddyer flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Baker pitching for Twins . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to third . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Royals . Kubel grounded out to shortstop . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Young grounded out to first . Hardy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . DeJesus flied out to left . Podsednik grounded out to first . Butler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Harris walked . Span singled to center , Harris to second . Hudson doubled to right , Harris and Span scored . Mauer flied out to center . Hudson to third on wild pitch by Tejeda . Morneau walked . Cruz pitching for Royals . Cuddyer singled to left , Hudson scored , Morneau to second . Kubel walked , Morneau to third , Cuddyer to second . Young struck out swinging . Hardy singled to left , Morneau and Cuddyer scored , Kubel to second . Hardy out at second attempting to advance on ball in dirt . Harris batting . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Guillen struck out swinging . Ankiel hit by pitch . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ankiel out at second . Kendall reached on infield single to pitcher , Callaspo to second . Betancourt singled to center , Callaspo scored , Kendall to second . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt out at second , Kendall to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Twins 10 .	Greinke , Royals struggle \n\n