White Sox - Top 1st . Bannister pitching for Royals . Pierre grounded out to second . Beckham flied out to center . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Podsednik grounded out to third . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Konerko struck out swinging . Rios homered to left ( 404 feet ) . Kotsay reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierzynski singled to right , Kotsay to third . Ramirez singled to center , Kotsay scored , Pierzynski thrown out at third . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Teahen batting . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Butler singled to right . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butler out at second . Callaspo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Bannister pitching for Royals . Teahen walked . Pierre grounded out to first , Teahen to second . Beckham flied out to right . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Maier flied out to center . Betancourt flied out to center . Kendall singled to center . Podsednik grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Konerko grounded out to third . Rios grounded out to second . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Aviles singled to center . DeJesus singled to center , Aviles to third . Butler singled to right center , Aviles scored , DeJesus to third . Guillen singled to left , DeJesus scored , Butler to second . Butler to third , Guillen to second on wild pitch by Floyd . Callaspo struck out swinging . Maier grounded out to shortstop , Butler scored , Guillen to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to third . Teahen singled to center . Teahen caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Pierre batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Kendall singled to left center . Podsednik struck out looking . Aviles singled to left , Kendall to second . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aviles out at second , Kendall to third . Butler walked , DeJesus to second . Guillen singled to center , Kendall and DeJesus scored , Butler to second . Callaspo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Beckham flied out to center . Jones singled to center . Konerko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Maier singled to center . Betancourt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maier out at second . Kendall flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Bannister pitching for Royals . Rios singled to right . Hughes pitching for Royals . Kotsay walked , Rios to second . Pierzynski flied out to center , Rios to third . Ramirez singled to left , Rios scored , Kotsay to second . Teahen flied out to center , Kotsay to third . Pierre struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Podsednik fouled out to shortstop . Aviles fouled out to catcher . DeJesus walked . Pena pitching for White Sox . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Beckham flied out to right . Jones flied out to left . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Guillen flied out to left . Callaspo flied out to center . Maier flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Rios singled to right . Kotsay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rios out at second . Pierzynski flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 3 - Royals 5 .	Guillen drives in 3 to guide Royals to win