Royals - Top 1st . Masterson pitching for Indians . Podsednik struck out swinging . Aviles doubled to center . DeJesus walked . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Meche pitching for Royals . Crowe grounded out to first . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Choo lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Guillen flied out to center . Callaspo walked . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Callaspo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Meche pitching for Royals . Hafner singled to left . Kearns hit by pitch , Hafner to second . Branyan struck out swinging . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kearns out at second , Hafner to third , Hafner scored on throwing error by second baseman Aviles . Donald grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 3rd . Masterson pitching for Indians . Kendall reached on infield single to third . Podsednik singled to right , Kendall to second . Aviles singled to right , Kendall scored , Podsednik to third . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Podsednik scored , Aviles out at second . Butler walked , DeJesus to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Callaspo grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Meche pitching for Royals . Marson singled to center . Crowe grounded out to shortstop , Marson to second . Grudzielanek flied out to right , Marson to third . Choo walked . Choo stole second . Hafner grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Masterson pitching for Indians . Maier singled to left . Betancourt grounded out to second , Maier to second . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Podsednik walked . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Meche pitching for Royals . Kearns struck out swinging . Branyan flied out to center . Peralta walked . Donald grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Peralta out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Masterson pitching for Indians . DeJesus grounded out to second . Butler grounded out to third . Guillen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Meche pitching for Royals . Marson singled to center . Marson stole second . Crowe singled to center , Marson scored . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Choo struck out swinging . Hafner walked . Kearns struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Indians . Callaspo doubled to deep left center . Maier doubled to left , Callaspo scored . Betancourt lined out to first . Kendall lined out to second . Podsednik flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Meche pitching for Royals . Branyan walked . Peralta doubled to deep left center , Branyan to third . Thompson pitching for Royals . Donald grounded out to shortstop , Branyan scored . Marson grounded out to third . Peralta to third on wild pitch by Thompson . Crowe grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Indians . Aviles struck out swinging . DeJesus singled to center . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , DeJesus safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Perez . Guillen grounded out to catcher , DeJesus to third , Butler to second . Callaspo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 7th . Thompson pitching for Royals . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Choo hit by pitch . Hughes pitching for Royals . Choo stole second . Hafner singled to left , Choo scored . Kearns grounded out to shortstop , Hafner to second . Branyan walked . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Sipp pitching for Indians . Maier flied out to left . Betancourt flied out to center . Kendall reached on infield single to shortstop . Kendall stole second . Podsednik struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Bullington pitching for Royals . Donald grounded out to second . Marson flied out to center . Crowe singled to right . Crowe stole second . Grudzielanek walked . Chen pitching for Royals . Choo walked , Crowe to third , Grudzielanek to second . Hafner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Indians . Aviles tripled to deep right . DeJesus reached on infield single to pitcher . Butler doubled to deep right , Aviles scored , DeJesus to third . Guillen struck out looking . Callaspo intentionally walked . Maier walked , DeJesus scored , Butler to third , Callaspo to second . Betancourt doubled to deep center , Butler , Callaspo and Maier scored . Wright pitching for Indians . Kendall grounded out to third . Podsednik grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 9th . Chen pitching for Royals . Kearns struck out looking . Branyan popped out to second . Peralta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Indians 4 .	Royals rock Wood , Indians