Rockies - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Fowler flied out to center . Giambi singled to right . Helton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Giambi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeJesus singled to right . Kendall grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , DeJesus out at second . Butler singled to center . Guillen walked , Butler to second . Callaspo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki flied out to center . Smith flied out to center . Spilborghs flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Maier grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt flied out to right . Getz safe at first on error by first baseman Helton . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Stewart grounded out to third . Barmes singled to left . Phillips singled to center , Barmes to second . Fowler struck out swinging . Giambi homered to center ( 415 feet ) , Barmes and Phillips scored . Helton flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Kendall struck out swinging . Butler singled to right . Guillen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Tulowitzki singled to center . Smith flied out to left . Spilborghs singled to center , Tulowitzki to third . Stewart doubled to deep center , Tulowitzki and Spilborghs scored . Barmes singled to center , Stewart scored . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barmes safe at second on error by shortstop Betancourt . Fowler singled to right , Barmes scored , Phillips to third . Bullington pitching for Royals . Giambi singled to right , Phillips scored , Fowler to second . Helton flied out to left . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Callaspo singled to center . Maier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Callaspo out at second . Betancourt singled to right . Getz walked , Betancourt to second . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Bullington pitching for Royals . Smith walked . Spilborghs grounded out to third , Smith to second . Stewart singled to right , Smith scored . Barmes struck out swinging . Phillips singled to left , Stewart to second . Fowler walked , Stewart to third , Phillips to second . Giambi fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . DeJesus walked . Pena hit for Kendall . Pena walked , DeJesus to second . Butler singled to left , DeJesus scored , Pena to second . Guillen singled to right , Pena to third , Butler to second . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to center , Pena scored , Butler to third . Maier singled to right center , Butler scored , Guillen to second . Betancourt singled to center , Guillen to third , Maier to second . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Getz singled to left , Guillen scored , Maier to third , Betancourt to second . Bloomquist grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Getz out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Pena catching . Bullington pitching for Royals . Helton flied out to center . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 379 feet ) . Smith walked . Spilborghs hit by pitch , Smith to second . Chen pitching for Royals . Stewart flied out to center . Barmes doubled to left , Smith scored , Spilborghs to third . Phillips struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . DeJesus grounded out to second . Pena singled to center . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pena out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Fowler singled to left center . Giambi lined out to center . Helton flied out to left . Tulowitzki walked , Fowler to second . Smith fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Rockies . Guillen tripled to deep center . Callaspo tripled to deep right , Guillen scored . Maier singled to center , Callaspo scored . Betancourt lined out to left . Flores pitching for Rockies . Getz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Maier out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Thompson pitching for Royals . Spilborghs struck out looking . Stewart flied out to center . Barmes struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for Rockies . Bloomquist homered to left ( 400 feet ) . DeJesus fouled out to second . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Pena struck out swinging . Butler doubled to deep right center . Guillen flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Phillips struck out looking . Fowler struck out swinging . Giambi grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Callaspo flied out to left . Maier singled to left . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Maier thrown out at home . Getz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 11 - Royals 7 .	Giambi , Rockies blast Royals