Royals - Top 1st . Baker pitching for Twins . Podsednik flied out to center . Kendall grounded out to second . DeJesus fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Span singled to center . Tolbert grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Span out at second . Mauer walked . Morneau singled to deep right , Mauer to third . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morneau out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Baker pitching for Twins . Guillen flied out to left . Callaspo reached on infield single to shortstop . Maier homered to right ( 375 feet ) , Callaspo scored . Betemit homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Getz bunt grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Kubel struck out swinging . Young flied out to center . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Baker pitching for Twins . Podsednik grounded out to third . Kendall grounded out to first . DeJesus singled to center . Guillen singled to right , DeJesus to second . Callaspo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Punto singled to center . Span doubled to deep right , Punto to third . Tolbert struck out swinging . Mauer flied into double play , center to shortstop , Span doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Baker pitching for Twins . Maier struck out swinging . Betemit struck out swinging . Getz walked . Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop , Getz to second . Podsednik singled to center , Getz scored , Betancourt to second . Kendall grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Morneau lined out to left . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Kubel homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Young singled to right . Valencia fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Baker pitching for Twins . DeJesus flied out to center . Guillen tripled to deep right . Callaspo hit sacrifice fly to right , Guillen scored . Maier flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Punto struck out swinging . Span grounded out to second . Tolbert popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Crain pitching for Twins . Betemit lined out to right . Getz struck out swinging . Betancourt walked . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Betancourt safe at second on error by shortstop Punto . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Betancourt scored on error by shortstop Punto , Podsednik safe at third on error by shortstop Punto . DeJesus reached on infield single to second , Podsednik scored , Kendall to second . Guillen singled to center , Kendall scored , DeJesus to second . Mahay pitching for Twins . Callaspo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , DeJesus to third , Guillen safe at second on error by second baseman Tolbert . Maier popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 3 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Mauer struck out swinging . Morneau flied out to center . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Mahay pitching for Twins . Betemit walked . Getz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betemit out at second . Betancourt lined out to pitcher . Podsednik popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Chen pitching for Royals . Kubel struck out swinging . Young reached on infield single to third . Valencia singled to right , Young to third . Punto doubled to center , Young scored , Valencia to third . Span reached on infield single to second , Valencia scored , Punto to third . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Tolbert singled to right , Punto scored , Span to third . Mauer singled to right , Span scored , Tolbert to third . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center , Tolbert scored . Cuddyer popped out to second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Burnett pitching for Twins . Kendall flied out to left . DeJesus grounded out to third . Guillen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Kubel flied out to center . Young flied out to right . Valencia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Callaspo grounded out to pitcher . Maier fouled out to catcher . Betemit homered to center ( 401 feet ) . Getz singled to center . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Betancourt flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Punto bunt grounded out to third . Span reached on infield single to pitcher . Thome hit for Tolbert . Span to second on fielder 's indifference . Thome struck out looking . Mauer doubled to deep right center , Span scored . Morneau singled to right , Mauer scored . Cuddyer flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 9 - Twins 8 .	Betemit 's 2nd solo shot helps Royals edge Twins