Astros - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Bourn walked . Keppinger grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bourn out at second . Berkman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Paulino pitching for Astros . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop . Kendall flied out to center . DeJesus singled to center , Podsednik to second . Butler singled to left , Podsednik scored , DeJesus to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Callaspo flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Lee grounded out to second . Pence walked . Feliz doubled to deep left , Pence scored . Michaels grounded out to second , Feliz to third . Quintero grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Paulino pitching for Astros . Aviles singled to center . Maier doubled to center , Aviles scored . Maier to third on passed ball by Quintero . Betancourt flied out to right . Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to left , Maier scored . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Manzella popped out to second . Bourn safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Aviles . Keppinger struck out swinging , Bourn out at first on batter 's interference . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Paulino pitching for Astros . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Guillen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Berkman doubled to deep right center . Lee singled to left center , Berkman scored . Pence doubled to deep left , Lee to third . Feliz singled to right , Lee scored , Pence to third . Michaels singled to left , Pence scored , Feliz to second . Texeira pitching for Royals . Quintero sacrificed to third , Feliz to third , Michaels to second . Manzella struck out looking . Bourn doubled to left , Feliz and Michaels scored . Keppinger walked . Berkman grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Paulino pitching for Astros . Callaspo flied out to center . Aviles reached on infield single to shortstop . Maier walked , Aviles to second . Betancourt flied out to left . Maier out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Podsednik batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Texeira pitching for Royals . Lee popped out to second . Pence singled to right . Feliz struck out swinging . Michaels flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Paulino pitching for Astros . Podsednik struck out swinging . Kendall flied out to center . DeJesus singled to center . Butler walked , DeJesus to second . Guillen reached first base on catcher 's interference , DeJesus to third , Butler to second . Guillen batting . Callaspo singled to right , DeJesus scored , Butler to third , Guillen to second . Aviles singled to left , Butler and Guillen scored , Callaspo to second . Maier walked , Callaspo to third , Aviles to second . Betancourt doubled to deep left center , Callaspo , Aviles and Maier scored . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Podsednik singled to center , Betancourt scored . Kendall struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 6th . Marte pitching for Royals . Quintero lined out to left . Manzella grounded out to shortstop . Bourn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . DeJesus struck out swinging . Daigle pitching for Astros . Butler doubled to deep center . Butler to third on wild pitch by Daigle . Butler scored on Daigle 's wild pitch . Guillen flied out to right . Callaspo doubled to deep right . Aviles singled to right , Callaspo scored . Maier singled to right , Aviles to second . Betancourt flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Marte pitching for Royals . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Berkman struck out swinging . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Astros . Podsednik grounded out to shortstop . Kendall flied out to right . DeJesus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Marte pitching for Royals . Pence flied out to left . Feliz grounded out to third . Michaels homered to left ( 426 feet ) . Quintero singled to center . Quintero to second on fielder 's indifference . Manzella grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Butler singled to center . Guillen singled to left , Butler to second . Callaspo singled to center , Butler scored , Guillen to third . Bloomquist ran for Guillen . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bloomquist scored , Callaspo out at second . Maier walked , Aviles to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . Podsednik safe at first on error by second baseman Keppinger , Aviles scored , Maier to second . Kendall singled to right , Maier to third , Podsednik to second . DeJesus flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 9th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Bourn flied out to left . Keppinger singled to right . Sullivan hit for Berkman . Sullivan popped out to second . Blum hit for Lee . Blum popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 7 - Royals 15 .	Betancourt drives Royals ' 7 - run , 2 - out rally