Cardinals - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Schumaker singled to center . Holliday flied out to right . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik singled to left . Podsednik caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Kendall walked . DeJesus struck out looking . Butler grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Ludwick struck out swinging . Rasmus singled to center . Lopez grounded out to first , Rasmus to second . Freese walked . LaRue struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Guillen grounded out to third . Callaspo singled to right center . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Callaspo out at second . Aviles stole second . Maier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Winn grounded out to pitcher . Schumaker grounded out to first . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Betancourt struck out swinging . Podsednik tripled to right . Kendall singled to left , Podsednik scored . DeJesus grounded out to third , Kendall to second . Butler doubled to right , Kendall scored . Guillen singled to right , Butler scored . Callaspo walked , Guillen to second . Aviles flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt lined out to shortstop . Podsednik singled to left center , Podsednik to second on error by left fielder Holliday . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Freese grounded out to shortstop . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus flied out to center . Butler grounded out to second . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Winn doubled to left . Schumaker singled to left center , Winn to third . Holliday grounded out to pitcher , Schumaker to second . Pujols walked . Ludwick grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Callaspo singled to center . Aviles flied out to right . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Rasmus struck out swinging . Lopez grounded out to second . Freese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik grounded out to second . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Kendall hit by pitch . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendall out at second . Butler grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Miles hit for LaRue . Greinke pitching for Royals . Miles singled to center . Winn struck out swinging . Schumaker singled to left , Miles to second . Holliday flied out to right , Miles to third . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Schumaker in left field . Molina catching . Miles at second base . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Guillen singled to center . Bloomquist ran for Guillen . Callaspo singled to right , Bloomquist to third . Aviles popped out to shortstop . Maier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bloomquist scored , Callaspo out at second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Ludwick reached first base on catcher 's interference . Greinke pitching for Royals . Ludwick batting . Rasmus doubled to deep right center , Ludwick to third . Soria pitching for Royals . Lopez hit sacrifice fly to right , Ludwick scored , Rasmus to third . Freese singled to center , Rasmus scored . Miles grounded out to pitcher , Freese to second . Winn flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Royals 4 .	Greinke stymies Cards in 8 - plus to spur Royals