Cardinals - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Schumaker hit by pitch . Lopez singled to center , Schumaker to third . Pujols walked , Lopez to second . Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center , Schumaker scored , Lopez to third . Freese struck out swinging . Pujols stole second . Rasmus walked . Winn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik flied out to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Molina flied out to right . Ryan walked . Ryan stole second . Schumaker walked . Ryan stole third . Lopez popped out to second . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Butler popped out to first . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo walked . Aviles walked , Callaspo to second . Betemit homered to right ( 414 feet ) , Callaspo and Aviles scored . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Holliday flied out to left . Freese struck out swinging . Rasmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik singled to right . Podsednik stole second . Kendall singled to center , Podsednik to third . DeJesus singled to left , Podsednik scored , Kendall to second . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second , Kendall to third . Guillen singled to left , Kendall scored . Callaspo fouled out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Winn struck out swinging . Molina lined out to right . Ryan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ottavino pitching for Cardinals . Aviles grounded out to third . Betemit singled to right center . Bloomquist singled to left , Betemit to second . Podsednik grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bloomquist out at second , Betemit to third . Podsednik stole second . Kendall doubled to deep center , Betemit and Podsednik scored . DeJesus grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Schumaker lined out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to second . Pujols homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ottavino pitching for Cardinals . Butler safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ryan . Guillen singled to center , Butler to second . Callaspo singled to right , Butler to third , Guillen to second . Aviles flied out to right . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Butler out at home , Guillen to third , Callaspo to second . Bloomquist popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Freese grounded out to second . Rasmus flied out to center . Winn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Lopez at third base . LaRue catching . Miles at second base . Ottavino pitching for Cardinals . Podsednik flied out to right . Kendall popped out to shortstop . DeJesus singled to center . Butler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Miles reached on infield single to shortstop . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miles out at second . Schumaker flied out to left . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Getz hit for Guillen . Ottavino pitching for Cardinals . Getz grounded out to shortstop . Callaspo struck out swinging . Aviles lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Getz at second base . Bloomquist in right field . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday flied out to left . LaRue fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Ottavino pitching for Cardinals . Betemit grounded out to second . Bloomquist singled to left . Podsednik singled to left center , Bloomquist to second . Kendall doubled to deep right center , Bloomquist and Podsednik scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . DeJesus singled to center , Kendall scored , DeJesus to second advancing on throw . Butler intentionally walked . Getz hit by pitch , DeJesus to third , Butler to second . Callaspo grounded into double play , third to catcher , Butler out at third , DeJesus out at home , Callaspo to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Royals . Rasmus homered to right ( 483 feet ) . Stavinoha hit for Winn . Stavinoha struck out swinging . Miles fouled out to third . Ryan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 3 - Royals 10 .	Guillen 's hit streak at 21 as Royals cut Cards