Indians - Top 1st . Davies pitching for Royals . Brantley doubled to deep left center . Cabrera grounded out to first , Brantley to third . Choo flied out to left , Brantley thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Talbot pitching for Indians . Blanco struck out looking . Kendall flied out to right . Butler safe at first on error by third baseman Nix . Ka'aihue flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Davies pitching for Royals . Hafner struck out swinging . Nix singled to left . Crowe fouled out to left . LaPorta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Betemit walked . Gordon singled to left , Betemit thrown out at third , Gordon to second advancing on throw . Maier popped out to second . Betancourt batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Davies pitching for Royals . Donald grounded out to shortstop . Marson struck out looking . Brantley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Talbot pitching for Indians . Betancourt popped out to third . Getz doubled to left . Blanco walked . Kendall lined into double play , pitcher to shortstop , Getz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Davies pitching for Royals . Cabrera flied out to left . Choo struck out swinging . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Butler reached on infield single to third . Ka'aihue flied out to center . Betemit walked , Butler to second . Gordon singled to left center , Butler to third , Betemit to second . Maier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Butler scored on throwing error by first baseman LaPorta , Betemit to third , Gordon to second . Betancourt grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Maier out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 5th . Davies pitching for Royals . Nix grounded out to shortstop . Crowe grounded out to third . LaPorta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Talbot pitching for Indians . Getz singled to center . Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher , Getz to third , Blanco to second on throwing error by pitcher Talbot . Kendall struck out swinging . Butler intentionally walked . Ka'aihue popped out to second . Betemit singled to left , Getz and Blanco scored , Butler to second . Gordon singled to right , Butler to third , Betemit to second . Sipp pitching for Indians . Maier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 6th . Davies pitching for Royals . Donald grounded out to third . Marson singled to right center . Marson to second on passed ball by Kendall . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Marson out at third . Brantley caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Cabrera batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Germano pitching for Indians . Betancourt flied out to left . Getz flied out to left . Blanco grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Davies pitching for Royals . Cabrera singled to right center . Choo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Cabrera out at second . Hafner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Germano pitching for Indians . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . Butler hit by pitch . Perez pitching for Indians . Ka'aihue grounded out to second , Butler to second . Betemit safe at first on error by third baseman Nix , Butler to third . Gordon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 8th . Miller in right field . Davies pitching for Royals . Nix grounded out to third . Crowe singled to right . Crowe to second on wild pitch by Davies . LaPorta singled to center , Crowe scored . Donald singled to left , LaPorta to second . Duncan hit for Marson . Wood pitching for Royals . Duncan singled to right , LaPorta scored , Donald to third . Brantley walked , Duncan to second . Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to center , Donald scored , Duncan to third . Choo singled to right , Duncan scored , Brantley to third . Hughes pitching for Royals . Hafner reached on infield single to shortstop , Brantley scored , Choo to second . Nix reached on infield single to shortstop , Choo to third , Hafner to second . Crowe struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gimenez catching . Marte at third base . Perez pitching for Indians . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to second . Getz safe at first on error by third baseman Marte . Blanco singled to center , Getz to second . Perez pitching for Indians . Kendall grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . LaPorta singled to left . Donald grounded into fielder 's choice to third , LaPorta out at second . Donald stole second . Marte walked . Donald to third on wild pitch by Holland . Brantley grounded out to shortstop , Donald scored , Marte to second . Cabrera doubled to deep right , Marte scored . Choo flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Valbuena in left field . Crowe in center field . Perez pitching for Indians . Butler doubled to deep center . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Betemit struck out looking . Gordon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 7 - Royals 3 .	Choo helps Indians survive errors , best Royals