Royals - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Blanco singled to center . Kendall lined out to center . Ka'aihue singled to center , Blanco to second . Butler singled to center , Blanco scored , Ka'aihue to third . Betemit struck out swinging , Butler to second on wild pitch by Bonderman . Gordon grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Jackson walked . Rhymes sacrificed to pitcher , Jackson to second . Damon singled to shallow right center , Jackson to third . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Jackson scored , Damon to second . Raburn singled to left , Damon to third , Cabrera to second . Peralta walked , Damon scored , Cabrera to third , Raburn to second . Inge grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Maier grounded out to second . Betancourt singled to left . Getz grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betancourt out at second . Blanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Wells flied out to center . Laird grounded out to shortstop . Jackson lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Kendall grounded out to third . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Butler doubled to deep right center . Betemit popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Rhymes grounded out to shortstop . Damon flied out to left . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gordon grounded out to second . Maier singled to center . Betancourt popped out to second . Getz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Raburn walked . Peralta doubled to left , Raburn scored . Inge walked . Wells struck out swinging . Laird flied out to center , Peralta to third . Jackson grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Blanco doubled to center . Kendall sacrificed to third , Blanco to third . Ka'aihue grounded out to shortstop , Blanco scored . Butler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Rhymes doubled to right center , Rhymes to third on error by right fielder Maier . Damon struck out swinging . Cabrera intentionally walked . Chavez pitching for Royals . Raburn doubled to deep left , Rhymes scored , Cabrera to third . Peralta intentionally walked . Inge hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored , Raburn to third . Boesch hit for Wells . Boesch grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 6th . Boesch in right field . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Betemit flied out to center . Gordon flied out to left . Maier reached on infield single to pitcher . Betancourt flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Chavez pitching for Royals . Laird flied out to right . Jackson walked . Rhymes singled to left , Jackson to second . Damon singled to right , Jackson scored , Rhymes to third , Damon to second on throwing error by right fielder Maier . Cabrera intentionally walked . Raburn singled to left , Rhymes and Damon scored , Cabrera to second , Cabrera to third advancing on throw . Peralta singled to left , Cabrera scored , Raburn to second . Raburn to third , Peralta to second on wild pitch by Chavez . Inge doubled to left , Raburn and Peralta scored . Holland pitching for Royals . Boesch flied out to left . Laird singled to center , Inge scored . Jackson walked , Laird to second . Rhymes grounded out to second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Getz grounded out to third . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Pena hit for Kendall . Pena flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Pena catching . Aviles at third base . Miller in left field . Holland pitching for Royals . Damon walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . Raburn struck out swinging . Santiago hit for Peralta . Santiago lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Santiago at shortstop . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Ka'aihue flied out to center . Butler grounded out to shortstop . Aviles popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Holland pitching for Royals . Inge struck out swinging . Boesch struck out swinging . Laird flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Kelly at first base . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Miller singled to left . Maier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Miller out at second . Betancourt singled to left , Maier to second . Getz singled to center , Maier to third , Betancourt to second . Blanco hit sacrifice fly to center , Maier scored . Pena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Tigers 12 .	Raburn 's 3 RBIs keep Tigers dominant at home