Royals - Top 1st . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Blanco singled to right center . Kendall singled to right center , Blanco to second . Ka'aihue grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Kendall out at second , Blanco to third . Betemit flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Bullington pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to second . Cabrera flied out to left . Choo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Gordon singled to center . Bloomquist flied out to center . Maier popped out to third . Betancourt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Bullington pitching for Royals . Hafner singled to center . Nix doubled to left , Hafner to third . Crowe flied out to left . LaPorta homered to left ( 361 feet ) , Hafner and Nix scored . Donald singled to right . Gimenez doubled to left , Donald scored . Brantley singled to center , Gimenez scored . Brantley stole second . Cabrera struck out swinging . Choo singled to right , Brantley scored . Choo to second on wild pitch by Bullington . Hafner intentionally walked . Nix flied out to right . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Getz walked . Blanco sacrificed to pitcher , Getz to second . Kendall walked . Ka'aihue grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Bullington pitching for Royals . Crowe walked . Crowe stole second . LaPorta flied out to center , Crowe to third . Donald grounded out to third . Gimenez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Betemit homered to right center ( 396 feet ) . Gordon walked . Bloomquist doubled to deep right center , Gordon to third . Maier popped out to second . Betancourt singled to center , Gordon scored , Bloomquist to third . Getz struck out looking . Blanco singled to left , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to second . Kendall flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Bullington pitching for Royals . Brantley grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . Choo doubled to right . Hafner intentionally walked . Nix doubled to left , Choo scored , Hafner to third . Crowe struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Tomlin pitching for Indians . Ka'aihue flied out to left . Betemit walked . Gordon flied out to center . Bloomquist singled to center , Betemit to second . Maier flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Texeira pitching for Royals . LaPorta walked . Donald singled to right , LaPorta to second . Gimenez homered to center ( 436 feet ) , LaPorta and Donald scored . Brantley struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Choo walked . Hafner grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Germano pitching for Indians . Betancourt lined out to shortstop . Getz struck out swinging . Blanco doubled to deep center . Kendall hit by pitch . Ka'aihue singled to right , Blanco to third , Kendall to second . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Holland pitching for Royals . Nix flied out to right . Crowe grounded out to second . LaPorta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Germano pitching for Indians . Gordon singled to left center . Bloomquist popped out to first . Maier struck out swinging . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Donald doubled to left . Gimenez fouled out to right . Brantley struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Getz singled to right . Blanco singled to right , Getz to second . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blanco out at second , Getz to third . Ka'aihue walked . Betemit struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Holland pitching for Royals . Choo walked . Hafner doubled to deep right , Choo to third . Nix homered to left ( 392 feet ) , Choo and Hafner scored . Crowe singled to center . LaPorta struck out swinging . Donald singled to right , Crowe to second . Gimenez walked , Crowe to third , Donald to second . Hughes pitching for Royals . Brantley hit sacrifice fly to center , Crowe scored . Cabrera doubled to deep left , Donald scored , Gimenez to third . Choo flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Herrmann pitching for Indians . Gordon flied out to left . Bloomquist singled to right center . Maier lined out to left . Betancourt singled to right , Bloomquist to second . Getz singled to center , Bloomquist scored , Betancourt to second . Blanco walked , Betancourt to third , Getz to second . Kendall grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Blanco out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 4 - Indians 15 .	LaPorta 's 3 - run HR helps Indians trounce Royals