Rangers - Top 1st . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Andrus flied out to center . Young homered to left center ( 421 feet ) . Hamilton grounded out to shortstop . Guerrero singled to right . Cruz popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Lee pitching for Rangers . Blanco grounded out to pitcher . Aviles singled to center . Butler hit ground rule double to deep center , Aviles to third . Betemit struck out swinging . Ka'aihue flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Murphy popped out to second . Treanor singled to center . Treanor to second on wild pitch by O'Sullivan . Moreland popped out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Lee pitching for Rangers . Pena grounded out to third . Gordon struck out looking . Betancourt homered to right ( 344 feet ) . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Andrus singled to center . Young singled to left center , Andrus to second . Hamilton grounded out to first , Andrus to third , Young to second . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop , Andrus scored , Young to third . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Lee pitching for Rangers . Blanco singled to left . Aviles grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Blanco safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lee . Butler singled to center , Blanco scored , Aviles to second . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Butler out at second , Aviles to third . Ka'aihue grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aviles scored , Betemit out at second . Pena singled to right , Ka'aihue to second . Gordon singled to right , Ka'aihue scored , Pena to second . Betancourt struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 4th . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Murphy homered to center ( 419 feet ) . Treanor lined out to third . Moreland flied out to right . Blanco lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Lee pitching for Rangers . Miller struck out looking . Blanco bunt popped out foul to catcher . Aviles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . O'Sullivan pitching for Royals . Andrus singled to right . Andrus to second on wild pitch by O'Sullivan . Young grounded out to second , Andrus to third . Hamilton singled to right , Andrus scored . Guerrero homered to left center ( 450 feet ) , Hamilton scored . Cruz flied out to left . Murphy flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Lee pitching for Rangers . Butler grounded out to second . Betemit singled to right . Ka'aihue flied out to right . Pena singled to center , Betemit to second . Gordon doubled to deep right , Betemit and Pena scored . Harrison pitching for Rangers . Betancourt walked . Miller doubled to deep right center , Gordon and Betancourt scored . Blanco reached on infield single to pitcher , Miller to third . Aviles singled to center , Miller scored , Blanco to second . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Aviles out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Chavez pitching for Royals . Treanor grounded out to shortstop . Moreland homered to right center ( 422 feet ) . Blanco flied out to center . Andrus doubled to deep right center . Young doubled to deep right , Andrus scored . Hamilton doubled to right , Young scored . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Hamilton to third on wild pitch by Tejeda . Guerrero flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Betemit grounded out to third . Ka'aihue grounded out to second . Pena flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Cruz fouled out to catcher . Murphy struck out looking . Treanor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Gordon struck out looking . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Betancourt popped out to second . Miller flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Wood pitching for Royals . Moreland struck out swinging . Blanco singled to center . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Blanco out at second . Young singled to center , Andrus to second . Hamilton walked , Andrus to third , Young to second . Guerrero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . O'Day pitching for Rangers . Blanco struck out looking . Aviles struck out swinging . Butler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Cruz struck out swinging . Murphy singled to center . Treanor bunt popped out foul to catcher . Moreland grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Oliver pitching for Rangers . Betemit doubled to deep center . Bloomquist ran for Betemit . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Pena walked . Bloomquist stole third . Gordon struck out swinging . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Bloomquist scored on Ogando 's wild pitch . Betancourt walked , Pena to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 9 - Royals 10 .	Wild pitch dooms Rangers in loss vs. Royals