Royals - Top 1st . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Dyson flied out to center . Aviles grounded out to shortstop . Butler singled to center . Betemit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Jackson flied out to right . Damon grounded out to pitcher . Raburn flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Ka'aihue walked . Betancourt singled to deep left , Ka'aihue to third , Betancourt out stretching at second . Gordon grounded out to second . Miller struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to third . Wells flied out to left . Peralta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . May flied out to center . Dyson walked . Aviles popped out to second . Butler reached on infield single to pitcher , Dyson to second . Dyson to third , Butler to second on wild pitch by Galarraga . Betemit grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Sizemore singled to right . Inge reached on infield single to third , Sizemore to second . Laird sacrificed to third , Sizemore to third , Inge to second . Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center , Sizemore scored , Inge to third . Damon fouled out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Ka'aihue struck out swinging . Betancourt popped out to first . Gordon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Raburn homered to left ( 360 feet ) . Cabrera homered to center ( 438 feet ) . Wells struck out swinging . Peralta fouled out to first . Sizemore flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . Miller lined out to third . May grounded out to shortstop . Dyson singled to right . Dyson stole second . Dyson to third on passed ball by Laird . Aviles singled to center , Dyson scored . Butler singled to right , Aviles to third . Betemit walked , Butler to second . Ka'aihue walked , Aviles scored , Butler to third , Betemit to second . Betancourt reached on infield single to pitcher , Butler and Betemit scored , Ka'aihue to third , Betancourt to second on throwing error by pitcher Galarraga . Gordon intentionally walked . Miller flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Chen pitching for Royals . Inge popped out to shortstop . Laird flied out to center . Jackson lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Galarraga pitching for Tigers . May fouled out to third . Dyson doubled to center . Aviles singled to right , Dyson to third . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Butler hit sacrifice fly to center , Dyson scored . Betemit singled to left , Aviles to second . Ka'aihue flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Damon flied out to center . Raburn hit by pitch . Cabrera walked , Raburn to second . Wells flied out to left . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Figaro pitching for Tigers . Betancourt struck out looking . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Miller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Meche pitching for Royals . Rhymes hit for Sizemore . Rhymes walked . Inge flied out to left . Laird struck out looking . Rhymes caught stealing second , catcher to second . Jackson batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Rhymes at second base . Figaro pitching for Tigers . May singled to left . Dyson sacrificed to catcher , May to second , Dyson safe at second on error by pitcher Figaro . May to third on error by pitcher Figaro . L May to third on throwing error by pitcher Figaro . Weinhardt pitching for Tigers . Aviles singled to shallow center , May and Dyson scored . Butler grounded into double play , third to second to first , Aviles out at second . Betemit grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Jackson popped out to second . Damon flied out to left . Raburn grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Ka'aihue singled to right . Betancourt flied out to left . Gordon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ka'aihue out at second . Miller walked , Gordon to second . May singled to right , Gordon scored , Miller to third . Dyson hit ground rule double to deep left center , Miller scored , May to third . Aviles flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Royals . St. Pierre hit for Cabrera . St. Pierre lined out to pitcher . Wells singled to left . Wells to second on wild pitch by Holland . Peralta singled to left , Wells to third . Rhymes singled to right , Wells scored , Peralta to second . Inge singled to right , Peralta scored , Rhymes to second . Soria pitching for Royals . Laird reached on bunt single to third , Rhymes to third , Inge to second . Jackson lined out to right . Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit , Rhymes scored , Inge to third , Laird to second . Raburn grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Damon out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Royals 9 - Tigers 6 .	Royals capitalize on three errors to beat Tigers