Nationals - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Carroll struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Armas pitching for Nationals. Eckstein grounded out to first. Walker doubled to left. Pujols grounded out to pitcher, Walker to third. Edmonds homered to center, Walker scored. Mabry grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Guillen grounded out to second. Church struck out swinging. Castilla singled to left center. Schneider grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Sanders struck out looking. Molina lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Guzman singled to center. Armas Jr sacrificed to pitcher, Guzman to second. Wilkerson doubled to right, Guzman scored. Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilkerson to third. Johnson doubled to deep center, Wilkerson and Carroll scored. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to third. Church struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Armas pitching for Nationals. Morris grounded out to shortstop. Eckstein walked. Walker flied out to right. Pujols walked. Edmonds doubled to deep center, Eckstein and Pujols scored, Edmonds to third on error by center fielder Wilkerson. Mabry flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Castilla grounded out to second. Schneider grounded out to first. Guzman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Grudzielanek struck out looking. Sanders singled to left. Molina flied out to right. Morris grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Armas Jr grounded out to second. Wilkerson lined out to center. Carroll grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Armas pitching for Nationals. Eckstein walked. Eckstein caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker walked. Pujols grounded out to second, Walker to second. Edmonds intentionally walked. Mabry singled to right, Walker scored, Edmonds to third. Edmonds caught stealing home, catcher to second to catcher. Grudzielanek batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Johnson hit by pitch. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson safe at third on error by shortstop Eckstein. Church struck out swinging. Castilla fouled out to third. Kim pitching for Nationals. Schneider struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kim pitching for Nationals. Grudzielanek singled to center. Sanders grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Grudzielanek out at second. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Godwin hit for Kim. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Guzman flied out to center. Godwin struck out looking. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Seabol hit for Morris. Wilkerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Seabol singled to left center. Eckstein grounded out to second, Seabol to second. Seabol to third on wild pitch by Majewski. Walker struck out looking. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Carroll grounded out to second. Johnson lined out to center. Nitkowski pitching for Nationals. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Nitkowski pitching for Nationals. Edmonds doubled to deep left center. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Mabry sacrificed to pitcher, Edmonds to third. Grudzielanek singled to right center, Edmonds scored. Sanders struck out looking. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Molina grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Church grounded out to second. Castilla singled to right center. Schneider flied out to center. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 3 - Cardinals 6.	Edmonds powers Cardinals past Nationals