Nationals - Top 1st. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Wilkerson walked. Byrd flied out to center. Guillen grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Wilkerson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Eckstein grounded out to first. Walker grounded out to first. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Johnson flied out to left. Castilla struck out swinging. Schneider grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Edmonds homered to center. Mabry struck out looking. Grudzielanek singled to left center. Sanders flied out to right. Molina homered to left, Grudzielanek scored. Suppan grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Harris hit by pitch. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harris out at second. Loaiza sacrificed to pitcher, Guzman to second. Wilkerson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Eckstein singled to right center. Walker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. Pujols flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Byrd popped out to second. Guillen grounded out to third. Johnson walked. Johnson to second on balk by Suppan. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Edmonds struck out swinging. Mabry walked. Grudzielanek lined out to right. Sanders struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Taguchi in right field. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Schneider grounded out to second. Harris grounded out to pitcher. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Molina reached on infield single to second. Suppan struck out swinging. Eckstein singled to right, Molina to second. Taguchi grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Loaiza lined out to shortstop. Wilkerson singled to right center. Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilkerson to second. Guillen reached on infield single to catcher, Wilkerson to third, Byrd to second. Johnson walked, Wilkerson scored, Byrd to third, Guillen to second. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Pujols singled to center. Edmonds struck out looking. Mabry struck out looking. Grudzielanek reached on infield single to second, Pujols to third. Sanders flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Suppan pitching for Cardinals. Schneider grounded out to second. Harris grounded out to pitcher. Godwin hit for Loaiza. Guzman singled to center. Tucker pitching for Nationals. Godwin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Seabol hit for Suppan. Tucker pitching for Nationals. Molina grounded out to third. Seabol grounded out to third. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Wilkerson bunt grounded out to second. Byrd lined out to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Guillen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Taguchi grounded out to second. Pujols flied out to right. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Johnson grounded out to first. Castilla lined out to left. Schneider struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Cardinals 3.	Cardinals win, within a game of perfect homestand