Braves - Top 1st. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to second. Langerhans struck out swinging. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Wilkerson struck out looking. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. LaRoche lined out to center. Jones flied out to center. Jordan grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Johnson singled to right. Castilla fouled out to first. Byrd flied out to left. Bennett homered to left, Johnson scored. Guzman singled to center. Loaiza lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Betemit singled to center. Pena grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Betemit out at second. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Wilkerson singled to right center. Carroll flied out to right. Guillen walked, Wilkerson to second. Johnson singled to left, Wilkerson to third, Guillen to second. Castilla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to first. Langerhans singled to right. Jones flied out to left. LaRoche walked, Langerhans to second. Jones fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Byrd lined out to center. Bennett fouled out to right. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Jordan struck out swinging. Betemit tripled to deep right center. Pena grounded out to first, Betemit scored. Ramirez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Loaiza doubled to deep right. Wilkerson grounded out to second, Loaiza to third. Carroll hit sacrifice fly to right, Loaiza scored. Guillen flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Loaiza pitching for Nationals. Giles singled to right. Langerhans walked, Giles to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to second, Langerhans out at second, Giles to third. LaRoche singled to right center, Giles scored, Jones to second. Jones struck out swinging. Jordan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Johnson singled to center. Castilla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Byrd walked. Byrd caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Bennett batting. Ayala pitching for Nationals. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Betemit fouled out to third. Pena flied out to center. Ramirez singled to center. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Bennett grounded out to pitcher. Cordero hit for Ayala. Guzman doubled to deep left. Guzman picked off second. Baerga at first base. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Cordero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Langerhans singled to center. Jones walked, Langerhans to second. LaRoche lined out to right, Langerhans to third. Jones hit sacrifice fly to left, Langerhans scored. Jordan reached on infield single to shortstop, Jones to second, Jones to third, Jordan to second on throwing error by shortstop Guzman. Estrada hit for Pena. Betemit intentionally walked. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Franco hit for Ramirez. Estrada singled to center, Jones and Jordan scored, Betemit to third, Betemit scored, Estrada to second on throwing error by center fielder Wilkerson. Franco walked. Estrada catching. Kolb pitching for Braves. Giles grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Kolb pitching for Braves. Wilkerson walked. Carroll grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second. Guillen singled to right, Carroll to second. Baerga singled to right, Carroll scored, Guillen to third. Castilla doubled to deep left, Guillen scored, Baerga to third. Blanco ran for Baerga. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Byrd intentionally walked. Bennett doubled to deep right, Blanco, Castilla and Byrd scored. Foster pitching for Braves. Church hit for Carrasco. Guzman lined out to center. Wilkerson at first base. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Church in center field. Church struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Langerhans flied out to center. Jones flied out to right. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 6 - Nationals 8.	Bennett's bat lifts Nats, surprises Braves