Marlins - Top 1st. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Castillo singled to left center. Pierre sacrificed to catcher, Castillo to second. Lo Duca singled to center, Castillo to third, Lo Duca to second advancing on throw. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Carroll flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion flied out to left. Lowell popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Castilla grounded out to pitcher. Church struck out swinging. Schneider reached on infield single to pitcher. Blanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Burnett struck out swinging. Castillo grounded out to second. Pierre singled to center. Pierre stole second. Lo Duca singled to left, Pierre scored. Delgado grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Guzman struck out looking. Patterson grounded out to first. Byrd fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Cabrera flied out to center. Encarnacion singled to left. Encarnacion caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lowell doubled to deep left. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Burnett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Carroll struck out swinging. Johnson popped out to third. Castilla singled to center. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Castillo fouled out to third. Pierre grounded out to first. Lo Duca flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Schneider grounded out to second. Blanco flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Patterson pitching for Nationals. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera hit by pitch. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lowell singled to right center, Cabrera to third. Gonzalez intentionally walked, Lowell to second. Cordero hit for Patterson. Burnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Cordero grounded out to third. Byrd singled to center. Carroll singled to right, Byrd to second. Tucker pitching for Nationals. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Tucker pitching for Nationals. Castillo singled to center. Pierre sacrificed to pitcher, Castillo to second. Nitkowski pitching for Nationals. Lo Duca grounded out to shortstop, Castillo to third. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Delgado reached on infield single to second, Castillo scored, Delgado to second on throwing error by second baseman Carroll. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Burnett pitching for Marlins. Castilla lined out to left. Church walked. Schneider singled to right, Church to second. Mecir pitching for Marlins. Ohka ran for Schneider. Guillen hit for Guzman. Blanco singled to shallow left, Church scored, Schneider to second. Baerga hit for Carrasco. Guillen singled to right, Ohka to third, Blanco to second. Baerga hit by pitch, Ohka scored, Blanco to third, Guillen to second. Byrd in left field. Carroll at shortstop. Church in center field. Bennett catching. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Guillen in right field. Baerga at second base. Byrd hit sacrifice fly, left to shortstop to third, Blanco scored, Guillen out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. Lowell singled to left. Harris hit for Mecir. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third, Lowell to second. Harris doubled to deep right, Lowell scored, Gonzalez to third. Castillo grounded out to second. Riedling pitching for Marlins. Easley at third base. Pierre fouled out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Riedling pitching for Marlins. Carroll lined out to second. Johnson walked. Perisho pitching for Marlins. Castilla safe at first on error by third baseman Easley, Johnson to third. Church homered to right, Johnson and Castilla scored. Bennett singled to left. Ayala flied out to center. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Guillen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Lo Duca singled to center. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Nationals 6.	Nats complete sweep of Marlins on Church's homer