Athletics - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Kotsay singled to right. Kotsay to second on balk by Hernandez. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Church struck out looking. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out looking. Swisher flied out to center. Watson popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Castilla fouled out to first. Baerga doubled to right. Schneider walked. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ellis walked. Blanton sacrificed to second, Ellis to second, Blanton safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Johnson. Kendall grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Blanton out at second, Ellis to third. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Hernandez singled to center. Wilkerson lined out to shortstop. Church singled to right, Hernandez to second. Guillen singled to left, Hernandez to third, Church to second. Johnson doubled to deep center, Hernandez, Church and Guillen scored. Castilla doubled to deep center, Johnson scored. Baerga struck out looking. Schneider walked. Guzman struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kotsay singled to deep right. Chavez flied out to center. Johnson flied out to left. Swisher grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Wilkerson grounded out to second. Church hit by pitch. Guillen flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Watson grounded out to second. Ellis singled to right. Blanton sacrificed to pitcher, Ellis to second. Kendall reached on infield single to third, Ellis to third. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendall out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Johnson fouled out to third. Castilla struck out looking. Baerga walked. Schneider singled to right, Baerga to third. Guzman lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kotsay popped out to second. Chavez struck out swinging. Johnson singled to right center. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Hernandez flied out to center. Wilkerson flied out to right. Church grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Watson flied out to center. Kielty hit for Blanton. Ellis grounded out to second. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Kielty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Guillen flied out to right. Johnson struck out looking. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Kendall singled to center. Crosby tripled to deep right, Kendall scored. Kotsay hit sacrifice fly to left, Crosby scored. Chavez grounded out to first. Street pitching for Athletics. Hatteberg at first base. Johnson lined out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Street pitching for Athletics. Baerga singled to center. Schneider flied out to right. Cordero hit for Hernandez. Guzman sacrificed to pitcher, Baerga to second. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Cordero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Swisher singled to right. Watson struck out looking. Ellis reached on bunt single to third, Swisher to second. Hatteberg flied out to center, Swisher to third. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Swisher scored, Ellis safe at third on error by second baseman Baerga. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Nationals 4.	Streaking: Livan, Nationals stay hot