Nationals - Top 1st. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson struck out looking. Carroll struck out swinging. Vidro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Drese pitching for Nationals. Rollins grounded out to first. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Burrell singled to left, Abreu to third. Utley walked, Burrell to second. Howard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Guillen grounded out to third. Baerga singled to center. Castilla fouled out to first. Cepicky doubled to deep left center, Baerga scored, Cepicky to third advancing on throw. Schneider intentionally walked. Drese struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Drese pitching for Nationals. Bell grounded out to shortstop. Pratt walked. Tejeda struck out looking. Rollins walked, Pratt to second. Lofton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson singled to right. Carroll sacrificed to pitcher, Wilkerson to second. Vidro hit by pitch. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vidro out at second. Baerga hit by pitch, Wilkerson to third, Guillen to second. Castilla walked, Wilkerson scored, Guillen to third, Baerga to second. Cepicky singled to center, Guillen and Baerga scored, Castilla to third. Schneider struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Drese pitching for Nationals. Abreu grounded out to second. Burrell flied out to center. Utley walked. Howard struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Tejeda pitching for Phillies. Drese struck out swinging. Wilkerson singled to center. Carroll doubled to deep right center, Wilkerson to third. Vidro intentionally walked. Geary pitching for Phillies. Guillen singled to left, Wilkerson scored, Carroll to third, Vidro to second. Baerga struck out swinging. Castilla grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Drese pitching for Nationals. Bell flied out to right. Pratt struck out swinging. Lieber hit for Geary. Lieber struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Cepicky struck out swinging. Schneider grounded out to first. Drese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Drese pitching for Nationals. Rollins singled to center. Lofton flied out to center, Rollins to third. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Rollins scored. Burrell singled to center. Utley singled to right, Burrell to second. Howard doubled to deep right, Burrell and Utley scored. Bell grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 6th. Fultz pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson singled to center. Carroll sacrificed to first, Wilkerson to second, Carroll safe at first on error by first baseman Howard. Vidro struck out swinging. Wilkerson caught stealing third, catcher to thirdJ Carroll to second. Guillen intentionally walked. Baerga homered to left, Carroll and Guillen scored. Castilla struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Chavez hit for Fultz. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Pratt reached on infield single to shortstop. Pratt to second on wild pitch by Eischen. Perez hit for Rollins. Chavez tripled to deep center, Pratt scored. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Chavez scored. Lofton singled to shallow right, Perez to third. Lofton stole second. Abreu struck out looking. Burrell walked. Utley hit sacrifice fly to center, Perez scored, Lofton to third. Perez at shortstop. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Howard doubled to deep center, Lofton scored, Burrell thrown out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Cormier pitching for Phillies. Cepicky struck out swinging. Byrd hit for Ayala. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Byrd in left field. Byrd doubled to deep right center, Byrd out stretching at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Bell doubled to deep center. Michaels hit for Cormier. Pratt singled to center, Bell to third. Michaels grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bell out at home, Pratt to second. Perez grounded out to first, Pratt to third, Michaels to second. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Michaels in center field. Lofton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Urbina pitching for Phillies. Wilkerson fouled out to third. Carroll struck out swinging. Vidro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Abreu flied out to left. Burrell grounded out to third. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Utley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Phillies. Guillen singled to center. Baerga bunt popped out foul to catcher. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Cordero at first base. Castilla grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Howard flied out to center. Bell flied out to right. Pratt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Phillies 7.	Baerga helps Nationals scratch win out at Philly