Padres - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Roberts flied out to center. Randa singled to right. Young reached on infield single to shortstop, Randa to second. Giles flied out to center. Sweeney singled to center, Randa scored, Young to third. Loretta flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Padres. Wilkerson walked. Vidro popped out to first. Guillen popped out to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Fick singled to center. Greene flied out to center. Williams sacrificed to pitcher, Fick to second. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Padres. Wilson doubled to deep center. Castilla struck out looking. Bennett flied out to center. Guzman walked. Hernandez singled to right, Wilson scored, Guzman to second, Guzman scored on error by right fielder Giles. Wilkerson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Randa doubled to deep left. Young flied out to right, Randa to third. Giles fouled out to third. Sweeney doubled to deep right, Randa scored. Loretta walked. Fick walked, Sweeney to third, Loretta to second. Greene flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Padres. Vidro walked. Guillen flied out to right. Johnson walked, Vidro to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Castilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Williams grounded out to second. Roberts homered to right. Randa flied out to right. Young flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Padres. Bennett popped out to first. Guzman grounded out to first. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Giles singled to left center. Sweeney fouled out to third. Loretta singled to center, Giles to second. Giles to third, Loretta to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Fick singled to right, Loretta thrown out at home, Giles scored, Loretta to third advancing on play. Greene struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Padres. Wilkerson singled to center. Vidro popped out to shortstop. Guillen hit by pitch, Wilkerson to second. Johnson walked, Wilkerson to third, Guillen to second. Wilson walked, Wilkerson scored, Guillen to third, Johnson to second. Castilla popped out to second. Hensley pitching for Padres. Jackson at shortstop. Bennett singled to center, Guillen and Johnson scored, Wilson to third. Guzman fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Jackson singled to left. Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher, Jackson to second. Randa flied out to center. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Young fouled out to first. Giles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Hensley pitching for Padres. Eischen struck out swinging. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Vidro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop. Loretta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sweeney out at second. Nady hit for Hensley. Fick walked. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fick out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Guillen struck out swinging. Johnson struck out looking. Wilson safe at first on error by second baseman Loretta. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Jackson reached on infield single to third. Roberts sacrificed to catcher, Jackson to second. Randa struck out swinging. Young singled to right, Jackson scored. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Giles grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Bennett flied out to right. Cepicky hit for Stanton. Guzman flied out to right. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Cepicky struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Sweeney safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman. Loretta singled to right, Sweeney to third. Olivo hit for Linebrink. Fick hit into fielder's choice to center, Sweeney scored, Loretta out at second. Olivo flied out to right. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Olivo catching. Jackson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Hoffman pitching for Padres. Wilkerson flied out to left. Carroll ran for Vidro. Vidro singled to right. Guillen struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 6 - Nationals 5.	Livan throws fit, Nats blow lead in loss to Padres