Reds - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Aurilia walked, Lopez to second. Griffey Jr grounded into fielder's choice to first, Aurilia out at second, Lopez to third. Dunn popped out to shortstop. Casey walked, Griffey Jr to second. Kearns walked, Lopez scored, Griffey Jr to third, Casey to second. LaRue struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Claussen pitching for Reds. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Vidro lined out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion struck out looking. Claussen singled to center. Lopez lined out to center. Aurilia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Claussen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Claussen pitching for Reds. Wilson struck out swinging. Castilla safe at first on error by shortstop Lopez. Bennett struck out looking. Castilla to second on balk by Claussen. Carroll singled to center, Castilla scored. Hernandez singled to shallow left, Carroll to third. Wilkerson flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Griffey Jr singled to right. Dunn flied out to left. Casey reached on infield single to shortstop, Griffey Jr to second. Kearns singled to left, Griffey Jr to third, Casey to second. LaRue lined into double play, second to shortstop, Casey doubled off second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Claussen pitching for Reds. Vidro flied out to center. Johnson walked. Guillen lined out to third. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Claussen struck out looking. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Castilla reached on infield single to third, Castilla to second on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion. Bennett lined out to third. Carroll singled to center, Castilla to third. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carroll out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Griffey Jr singled to right. Dunn flied out to right. Casey singled to right, Griffey Jr to third. Kearns singled to center, Griffey Jr scored, Casey to second. LaRue flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Wilkerson struck out looking. Vidro grounded out to third. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion singled to center. Claussen bunt popped out to catcher. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Encarnacion out at second. Lopez to second on balk by Hernandez. Aurilia grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Claussen pitching for Reds. Guillen struck out swinging. Wilson doubled to deep center. Castilla singled to left, Wilson to third. Bennett popped out to shortstop. Belisle pitching for Reds. Baerga hit for Carroll. Guzman at shortstop. Baerga grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Griffey Jr homered to right. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Dunn hit by pitch. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Casey singled to right, Dunn to third. Kearns struck out swinging. Dunn scored, Casey to second on wild pitch by Carrasco. LaRue doubled to deep left, Casey scored. Cruz hit for Belisle. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Cruz popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Blanco flied out to center. Wilkerson walked. Vidro struck out swinging. Wilkerson to second on balk by Shackelford. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Lopez singled to center. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Aurilia fouled out to first. Griffey Jr flied out to right. Coffey pitching for Reds. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Coffey pitching for Reds. Guillen singled to center. Wilson flied out to right. Castilla grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guillen out at second. Bennett popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Casey lined out to center. Kearns flied out to right. Mercker pitching for Reds. LaRue grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Schneider hit for Stanton. Mercker pitching for Reds. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Schneider hit by pitch. Wilkerson homered to center, Schneider scored. Weathers pitching for Reds. Vidro singled to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vidro out at second. Guillen struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 5 - Nationals 3.	Cincy stays hot, leaves Livan, Nats seeing red