Marlins - Top 1st. Halama pitching for Nationals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Conine singled to right. Cabrera walked, Conine to second. Delgado struck out swinging. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion doubled to deep center, Conine scored, Cabrera to third. Lo Duca grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Byrd popped out to first. Cruz grounded out to second. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Pierre flied out to right. Easley hit by pitch. Willis bunted into fielder's choice to third, Easley out at second. Castillo walked, Willis to second. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Willis out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Wilson struck out swinging. Castilla struck out swinging. Zimmerman hit ground rule double to deep center. Baerga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hughes pitching for Nationals. Cabrera walked. Delgado homered to right, Cabrera scored. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion singled to left. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Encarnacion out at second. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lo Duca out at second. Pierre stole second. Easley flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Bennett grounded out to third. Bergmann grounded out to shortstop. Byrd walked. Cruz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Bergmann pitching for Nationals. Willis doubled to right. Castillo sacrificed to third, Willis to third. Conine hit by pitch. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Short at second base. Cabrera singled to center, Willis scored, Conine to third. Delgado hit sacrifice fly to right, Conine scored. Encarnacion walked, Cabrera to second. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Guillen fouled out to first. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Castilla struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Eischen pitching for Nationals. Pierre lined out to shortstop. Easley struck out looking. Willis singled to right. Castillo hit by pitch, Willis to second. Conine singled to center, Willis scored, Castillo to second. Cabrera walked, Castillo to third, Conine to second. Delgado grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman grounded out to second. Baerga reached on infield single to pitcher. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Bennett grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Baerga out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion flied out to center. Lo Duca singled to left. Pierre doubled to deep right, Lo Duca to third. Easley singled to right, Lo Duca scored, Pierre to third. Willis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pierre scored, Easley out at second. Castillo walked, Willis to second. Conine grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Short homered to left. Kelly hit for Majewski. Byrd fouled out to catcher. Kelly doubled to center. Guillen grounded out to shortstop, Kelly to third. Wilson walked. Castilla walked, Wilson to second. Carroll at third base. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to left. Delgado flied out to right. Encarnacion safe at first on error by shortstop Zimmerman, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez ran for Lo Duca. Lo Duca doubled to deep right, Cabrera and Encarnacion scored. Pierre grounded out to second. Wilson hit for Willis. Easley walked. Treanor catching. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Wilson fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Baerga grounded out to second. Bennett flied out to right. Andino hit for Castillo. Short flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Carrasco pitching for Nationals. Andino flied out to left. Conine struck out swinging. Andino at shortstop. Conine at first base. Aguila in left field. Easley at second base. Cabrera popped out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Byrd doubled to left. Byrd doubled to left. Guillen struck out looking. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Hermida struck out swinging. Aguila reached on infield single to shortstop. Lowell hit for Pierre. Treanor flied out to left. Lowell singled to center, Aguila to second. Willingham hit for Messenger. Easley reached on infield single to second, Aguila to third, Lowell to second. Willingham singled to center, Aguila scored, Lowell to third, Easley to second. Andino safe at first on error by shortstop Zimmerman, Lowell scored, Easley to third, Willingham to second. Aguila in center field. Villone pitching for Marlins. Willingham in left field. Osik hit for Stanton. Conine lined out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Villone pitching for Marlins. Osik struck out swinging. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Baerga popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 12 - Nationals 1.	D-Train chugs to 20th win as Marlins rout Nats