Red Sox - Top 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Lugo struck out looking. Pedroia fouled out to catcher. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Gabbard pitching for Red Sox. Sizemore bunt popped out foul to catcher. Blake grounded out to third. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Ramirez homered to center. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Lowell singled to right. Varitek flied out to center. Crisp grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Gabbard pitching for Red Sox. Hafner grounded out to first. Garko flied out to right. Peralta lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Pena singled to center. Lugo singled to shallow right, Pena to third. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Pena scored, Lugo out at second. Ortiz lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Gabbard pitching for Red Sox. Michaels popped out to shortstop. Gutierrez homered to left center. Barfield popped out to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Ramirez walked. Youkilis walked, Ramirez to second. Lowell singled to right, Ramirez to third, Youkilis to second. Varitek singled to left, Ramirez and Youkilis scored, Varitek to second, Lowell to second, Lowell to third advancing on throw. Crisp grounded out to third. Pena flied out to right. Lugo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Gabbard pitching for Red Sox. Blake grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to third. Hafner struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Pedroia singled to left center. Ortiz walked, Pedroia to second. Ramirez doubled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third. Youkilis safe at first on error by shortstop Peralta. Lowell singled to center, Ortiz and Ramirez scored, Youkilis to second. Stanford pitching for Indians. Varitek grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lowell out at second, Youkilis to third. Crisp singled to left, Youkilis scored. Pena doubled to deep center, Crisp scored. Lugo flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Gabbard pitching for Red Sox. Garko flied out to right. Peralta walked. Michaels singled to center, Peralta to second. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Barfield doubled to deep left center, Peralta and Michaels scored. Sizemore singled to center, Barfield scored. Blake walked, Sizemore to second. Martinez walked, Sizemore to third, Blake to second. Hafner hit by pitch, Sizemore scored, Blake to third, Martinez to second. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Garko flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Pedroia grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz singled to right. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ortiz out at second. Youkilis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Peralta struck out swinging. Michaels grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Stanford pitching for Indians. Lowell struck out looking. Varitek singled to right. Crisp singled to center, Varitek to second. Mastny pitching for Indians. Pena homered to left center, Varitek and Crisp scored. Lugo flied out to center. Pedroia struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Barfield safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Sizemore struck out swinging. Blake popped out to shortstop. Martinez walked, Barfield to second. Hafner singled to left, Barfield scored, Martinez to second. Garko homered to right, Martinez and Hafner scored. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 8th. Mastny pitching for Indians. Ortiz walked. Lewis pitching for Indians. Ramirez homered to center, Ortiz scored. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Lowell grounded out to third. Varitek struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Okajima pitching for Red Sox. Michaels popped out to second. Gutierrez flied out to left. Barfield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Cabrera pitching for Indians. Crisp grounded out to shortstop. Pena doubled to deep center. Pena to third on wild pitch by Cabrera. Lugo struck out swinging. Pedroia fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Sizemore grounded out to first. Blake flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 14 - Indians 9.	Manny blasts 2 HRs in win