Red Sox - Top 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pedroia fouled out to catcher. Crisp singled to right. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher, Crisp to second. Ramirez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Owens singled to center. Fields flied out to center. Owens stole second. Pierzynski walked. Konerko flied out to center. Erstad flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Lowell grounded out to third. Youkilis lined out to left. Kielty walked. Cora fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Dye lined out to center. Uribe popped out to first. Richar lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Cash struck out swinging. Pedroia flied out to left. Crisp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Owens grounded out to first. Fields struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Ortiz grounded out to pitcher. Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Richar. Lowell struck out swinging. Youkilis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Pierzynski lined out to right. Konerko walked. Erstad struck out swinging. Dye walked, Konerko to second. Uribe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. Cora flied out to center. Cash grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Richar flied out to center. Gonzalez bunt popped out foul to pitcher. Owens struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Crisp lined out to pitcher. Ortiz doubled to deep left, Pedroia to third. Ramirez intentionally walked. Lowell singled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third, Ramirez to second. Youkilis singled to left, Ortiz scored, Ramirez to third, Lowell to second. Kielty singled to left, Ramirez and Lowell scored, Youkilis to second. Cora grounded out to second, Youkilis to third, Kielty to second. Cash walked. Pedroia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cash out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Fields grounded out to pitcher. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Konerko flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Logan pitching for White Sox. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop. Ortiz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Crisp out at second. Ramirez walked. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Lowell singled to left, Ramirez to second. Youkilis doubled to deep left, Ramirez scored, Lowell to third. Kielty grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Erstad popped out to first. Dye doubled to deep left. Uribe flied out to left. Richar singled to left, Dye to third. Gonzalez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Bukvich pitching for White Sox. Cora hit by pitch. Cash hit by pitch, Cora to second. Pedroia doubled to deep left, Cora scored, Cash to third. Crisp walked. Ortiz singled to right, Cash and Pedroia scored, Crisp to third. MacDougal pitching for White Sox. Ortiz to second on wild pitch by MacDougal. Ramirez struck out swinging. Crisp scored, Ortiz to third on wild pitch by MacDougal. Lowell singled to left, Ortiz scored. Youkilis walked, Lowell to second. Kielty doubled to deep center, Lowell scored, Youkilis to third. Cora struck out swinging. Cash walked. Pedroia walked, Youkilis scored, Kielty to third, Cash to second. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Crisp walked, Kielty scored, Cash to third, Pedroia to second. Drew hit for Ortiz. Drew struck out swinging. 8 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Hinske in left field. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Owens flied out to left. Fields grounded out to shortstop. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Konerko homered to left, Pierzynski scored. Erstad lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Hinske walked. Hinske to second on wild pitch by Thornton. Lowell singled to left, Hinske to third. Youkilis grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Lowell out at second. Kielty singled to right, Hinske scored. Cora grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Dye doubled to deep center. Uribe grounded out to pitcher. Richar singled to center, Dye to third. Gonzalez grounded out to third, Richar to second. Owens lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 14 - White Sox 2.	Wakefield picks up 16th win as Boston cruises