Orioles - Top 1st. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Patterson grounded out to first. Markakis singled to right. Tejada fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 1st. Liz pitching for Orioles. Pedroia struck out swinging. Youkilis flied out to right. Ortiz homered to right. Lowell singled to left, Lowell out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Millar popped out to shortstop. Huff grounded out to second. Mora fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 2nd. Liz pitching for Orioles. Drew flied out to right. Crisp walked. Hinske doubled to deep right, Crisp scored. Lugo flied out to left. Cash grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Kielty in right field. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez flied out to center. Payton doubled to left. Roberts flied out to center, Payton to third. Patterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 3rd. Liz pitching for Orioles. Pedroia doubled to right. Youkilis hit by pitch. Ortiz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Youkilis out at second. Lowell struck out swinging. Kielty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Tavarez pitching for Red Sox. Markakis doubled to left. Tejada homered to left, Markakis scored. Millar walked. Huff singled to center, Millar to third. Mora singled to left, Millar scored, Huff to second. Hernandez singled to center, Huff scored, Mora to third. Payton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mora out at home, Hernandez to second, Hernandez to third, Payton to second on throwing error by catcher Cash. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at home, Payton to third. Patterson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Bottom 4th. Liz pitching for Orioles. Crisp walked. Hinske walked, Crisp to second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Lugo fouled out to first. Cash grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hinske out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Markakis flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Millar grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 5th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Pedroia singled to left. Youkilis struck out swinging. Ortiz hit by pitch, Pedroia to second. Lowell singled to left, Pedroia scored, Ortiz to third. Kielty grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lowell out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Red Sox. Huff singled to center. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Mora singled to left, Huff to second. Hernandez singled to left, Huff to third, Mora to second. Payton hit sacrifice fly to right, Huff scored, Mora to third. Roberts walked, Hernandez to second. Patterson hit sacrifice fly to left, Mora scored. Markakis homered to right, Hernandez and Roberts scored. Tejada doubled to deep center. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Millar fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 6th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Crisp singled to center. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crisp out at second. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hinske out at second. Cash struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Snyder pitching for Red Sox. Huff walked. Mora popped out to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Payton singled to center, Huff to second. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 7th. Leicester pitching for Orioles. Pedroia doubled to center. Youkilis singled to center, Pedroia scored. Ortiz walked, Youkilis to second. Lowell flied out to left. Walker pitching for Orioles. Kielty struck out swinging. Crisp reached on infield single to first, Youkilis to third, Ortiz to second. Hinske singled to right, Youkilis and Ortiz scored, Crisp to third. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Lugo grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Patterson grounded out to second. Markakis struck out swinging. Tejada walked. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 8th. Varitek hit for Cash. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Varitek grounded out to pitcher. Pedroia singled to center. Youkilis hit by pitch, Pedroia to second. Ortiz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Youkilis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Varitek catching. Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox. Huff flied out to right. Mora walked. Papelbon pitching for Red Sox. Hernandez hit by pitch, Mora to second. Payton struck out swinging. Roberts walked, Mora to third, Hernandez to second. Patterson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Bottom 9th. Baez pitching for Orioles. Lowell singled to left. Cora hit for Kielty. Cora singled to right, Lowell to second. Crisp flied out to center, Lowell to third. Hinske singled to right, Lowell scored, Cora to third. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cora scored, Hinske safe at second on error by third baseman Mora. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lugo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Orioles 9 - Red Sox 8.	O's hold off slumping BoSox to end 9-game skid