Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Young flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to second. Upton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable grounded out to shortstop. Bartlett lined out to left. Ludwick flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Drew grounded out to first. Montero flied out to left. Roberts struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley walked. Hawpe flied out to right. Maybin grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Miranda singled to center. Parra flied out to center. Galarraga bunted into fielder's choice to first, Miranda out at second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks. Patterson walked. Johnson singled to center, Patterson to third. Stauffer sacrificed to catcher, Patterson scored, Johnson to second, Stauffer safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson. Johnson to third on error by second baseman Johnson. Venable hit sacrifice fly to left, Johnson scored. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop, Stauffer to third. Ludwick struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Johnson grounded out to second. Upton struck out looking. Drew singled to deep right center. Montero popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley walked. Hawpe walked, Headley to second. Maybin sacrificed to pitcher, Headley to third, Hawpe to second. Patterson bunt popped out foul to catcher. Johnson intentionally walked. Stauffer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Roberts lined out to first. Miranda doubled to deep center. Parra grounded out to pitcher, Miranda to third. Galarraga struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Galarraga pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable doubled to right center. Bartlett grounded out to second, Venable to third. Ludwick walked. Headley singled to right, Venable scored, Ludwick to second. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe struck out looking. Maybin struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Young grounded out to third. Johnson struck out looking. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Patterson flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Stauffer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Montero doubled to deep right. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Montero out at third. Roberts to second on wild pitch by Stauffer. Miranda walked. Luebke pitching for Padres. Parra walked, Roberts to third, Miranda to second. Nady hit for Collmenter. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Nady grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Venable doubled to deep right. Bartlett walked. Ludwick grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bartlett out at second, Venable to third. Headley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Young flied out to right. Johnson singled to right. Upton fouled out to third. Drew walked, Johnson to second. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to left. Maybin flied out to right. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Gonzalez at second base. Bell pitching for Padres. Roberts walked. Miranda walked, Roberts to second. Parra doubled to right center, Roberts scored, Miranda to third. Branyan hit for Gutierrez. Branyan struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Johnson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Headley, Miranda and Parra scored. Upton lined out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 9th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to right. Cantu hit for Bell. Cantu flied out to right. Venable flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Qualls pitching for Padres. Drew grounded out to third. Montero flied out to center. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 10th. Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Bartlett hit by pitch. Ludwick flied out to center. Headley walked, Bartlett to second. Hawpe grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Headley out at second, Bartlett to third. Maybin walked, Hawpe to second. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Mora at third base. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 11th. Qualls pitching for Padres. Miranda grounded out to first. Parra singled to right center. Mora grounded out to shortstop, Parra to second. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 11th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson flied out to center. Denorfia hit for Qualls. Denorfia reached on infield single to shortstop. Venable singled to left, Denorfia to second. Bartlett grounded out to pitcher, Denorfia to third, Venable to second. Ludwick reached first base on catcher's interference. Ludwick batting. Headley walked, Denorfia scored, Venable to third, Ludwick to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Padres 4.	Headley's bases-loaded walk lifts Pads in 11