Padres - Top 1st. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Denorfia homered to left (391 feet). Bartlett singled to left. Bartlett stole second. Cantu singled to center, Bartlett scored. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cantu out at second. Maybin singled to center, Headley to third. Ludwick singled to right, Headley scored, Maybin to third. Johnson struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Weeks struck out swinging. Kotsay flied out to left. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Stauffer singled to center. Denorfia walked, Stauffer to second. Bartlett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Denorfia out at second, Stauffer to third. Cantu lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Fielder flied out to center. McGehee singled to left, McGehee out stretching at second. Hart walked. Betancourt popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Headley flied out to right. Maybin reached on infield single to second. Ludwick lined out to center. Johnson doubled to deep center, Maybin scored. Gonzalez singled to right, Johnson scored. Stauffer singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third, Stauffer to second on wild pitch by Wolf. Denorfia walked. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Nieves grounded out to shortstop. Wolf fouled out to third. Weeks doubled to left. Kotsay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Wolf pitching for Brewers. Cantu flied out to left. Headley singled to left. Maybin singled to left, Headley to second. Mitre pitching for Brewers. Ludwick singled to right, Headley to third, Maybin to second. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ludwick out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Braun singled to center. Fielder grounded out to second, Braun to second. McGehee singled to left, Braun scored. Hart doubled to deep right, McGehee to third. Betancourt hit sacrifice fly to center, McGehee scored, Hart to third. Nieves struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Mitre pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Stauffer grounded out to shortstop. Denorfia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Mitre grounded out to pitcher. Weeks struck out swinging. Kotsay walked. Kotsay to second on wild pitch by Stauffer. Braun singled to left, Kotsay scored. Fielder homered to right center (427 feet), Braun scored. McGehee struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Mitre pitching for Brewers. Bartlett doubled to deep left. Cantu grounded out to third. Headley lined out to third. Bartlett stole third. Maybin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Hart struck out looking. Betancourt homered to left center (385 feet). Nieves singled to center. Boggs hit for Mitre. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Boggs singled to center, Nieves to third. Weeks popped out to second. Luebke pitching for Padres. Boggs stole second. Kotsay walked. Qualls pitching for Padres. Hawpe at first base. Braun flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Kotsay in left field. Hawkins pitching for Brewers. Gomez in center field. Ludwick flied out to right. Johnson popped out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Padres. Fielder struck out swinging. McGehee lined out to right. Hart singled to center. Betancourt flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Stetter pitching for Brewers. Hawpe singled to right. Loe pitching for Brewers. Denorfia singled to center, Hawpe to third. Bartlett singled to center, Hawpe scored, Denorfia to second. Venable hit for Qualls. Venable sacrificed to catcher, Denorfia to third, Bartlett to second. Headley intentionally walked. Maybin doubled to left, Denorfia and Bartlett scored, Headley to third, Headley scored on throwing error by left fielder Kotsay. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Ludwick homered to right center (392 feet), Maybin scored. Johnson struck out swinging. Gonzalez singled to left. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by McClendon. Hawpe singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Denorfia singled to left, Hawpe to second. Bartlett singled to center, Hawpe scored, Denorfia to third, Bartlett to second advancing on throw. Venable flied out to center. 8 Runs, 9 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Nieves fouled out to shortstop. Gomez walked. Weeks lined into double play, third to first, Gomez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. McClendon pitching for Brewers. Headley struck out swinging. Maybin fouled out to third. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 9th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Kotsay walked. Counsell hit for McClendon. Counsell popped out to third. Fielder lined out to left. McGehee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 13 - Brewers 6.	Padres ride 8-run eighth inning past Brewers