Padres - Top 1st. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Maybin struck out swinging. Denorfia fouled out to first. Guzman struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Roberts singled to center. Parra bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Roberts out at second. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Parra out at second. Hill caught stealing second, catcher to second. Goldschmidt batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley doubled to deep right. Rizzo grounded out to first, Hundley to third. Darnell singled to right center, Hundley scored. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Darnell out at second. Gonzalez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to center. Young walked. Young stole second. Cowgill struck out swinging. McDonald fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. LeBlanc singled to right. Maybin hit ground rule double to deep left, LeBlanc to third. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeBlanc out at home. Guzman singled to left, Maybin scored, Denorfia to second, Guzman to second, Denorfia to third advancing on throw. Hundley walked. Rizzo walked, Denorfia scored, Guzman to third, Hundley to second. Darnell hit sacrifice fly to center, Guzman scored. Hudson popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Blanco lined out to left. Collmenter grounded out to shortstop. Roberts lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. LeBlanc flied out to center. Maybin doubled to deep right. Denorfia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Parra flied out to left. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Guzman walked. Guzman to second on wild pitch by Collmenter, Guzman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Blanco. Hundley homered to left (384 feet), Guzman scored. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo walked. Darnell grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rizzo out at second. Hudson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Young struck out looking. Cowgill grounded out to shortstop. McDonald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. LeBlanc singled to left. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LeBlanc out at second. Denorfia reached on bunt single to shortstop, Maybin to second. Guzman singled to left, Maybin scored, Denorfia to second. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to second, Guzman out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Blanco homered to left (376 feet). Duke singled to center. Roberts popped out to third. Parra singled to center, Duke to second. Hill flied out to right, Duke to third. Goldschmidt walked, Parra to second. Hamren pitching for Padres. Young doubled to deep left, Duke and Parra scored, Goldschmidt to third. Cowgill singled to center, Goldschmidt and Young scored. McDonald struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Duke pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo flied out to left. Darnell grounded out to first. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Bass pitching for Padres. Blanco singled to left. Blum hit for Duke. Blanco to second on wild pitch by Bass. Blum hit by pitch. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blum out at second, Blanco to third. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Upton hit for Parra. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco scored, Roberts out at second. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Parrino at third base. Upton stole second. Hill walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Upton out at third, Hill to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Upton in right field. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez walked. Parrino grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Maybin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Young flied out to center. Cowgill walked. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cowgill out at second. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Hundley reached on infield single to shortstop. Cook pitching for Diamondbacks. Rizzo walked, Hundley to second. Venable hit for Gregerson. Venable grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Denorfia in left field. Hermida in right field. Bell pitching for Padres. Bloomquist hit for Cook. Bloomquist walked. Roberts struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. Hill lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Diamondbacks 6.	Padres end D-backs' home winning streak at 15