Mariners - Top 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Giants . Suzuki singled to left . Suzuki stole second . Figgins flied out to right , Suzuki to third . Gutierrez walked . Lopez singled to right , Suzuki scored , Gutierrez to third . Byrnes flied out to right . Kotchman walked , Lopez to second . Moore grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kotchman out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Rowand struck out swinging . Velez flied out to center . DeRosa struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Torres in center field . Velez in left field . Crawford at shortstop . Downs at second base . Rohlinger at third base . Wellemeyer pitching for Giants . Ja Wilson flied out to left . Vargas struck out looking . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Everidge at first base . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Huff flied out to left . Bowker safe at first on error by third baseman Lopez . Whiteside grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bowker out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 3rd . Ishikawa at first base . Wellemeyer pitching for Giants . Figgins struck out swinging . Gutierrez walked . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Lopez grounded out to third , Langerhans to second . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Lopez grounded out to third , Langerhans to second . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Langerhans ran for Gutierrez . Lopez grounded out to third , Langerhans to second . Byrnes walked . Everidge walked , Langerhans to third , Byrnes to second . Moore doubled to deep right , Langerhans and Byrnes scored , Everidge to third . Ja Wilson walked . Jo Wilson ran for Ja Wilson . Vargas struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Tuiasosopo in right field . Woodward at second base . Langerhans in center field . Denker at third base . Jo Wilson at shortstop . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Downs grounded out to third . Rohlinger popped out to second . Wellemeyer singled to center . Torres reached on infield single to third , Wellemeyer to second . Velez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Tuiasosopo popped out to first . Woodward grounded out to third . Langerhans doubled to deep right . Denker safe at first on error by shortstop Crawford , Langerhans to third . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Denker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Crawford singled to left . Ishikawa singled to right , Crawford to second . Bowker singled to right , Crawford scored , Ishikawa to second . Whiteside flied out to center . Downs flied out to right . Rohlinger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bowker out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Everidge flied out to left . Moore singled to right . Jo Wilson lined out to shortstop . Vargas struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Mariners . Ramirez grounded out to second . Torres bunt grounded out to catcher . Velez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Tuiasosopo homered to left . Woodward singled to left . Langerhans flied out to center . Denker flied out to center . Byrnes singled to center , Woodward to second . Everidge doubled to left , Woodward and Byrnes scored . Moore safe at first on error by right fielder Bowker , Everidge scored . Sosa pitching for Giants . Jo Wilson walked , Moore to second . Jones hit for Vargas . Jones flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Pineda pitching for Mariners . Crawford struck out looking . Ishikawa flied out to left . Schierholtz hit for Bowker . Schierholtz singled to left . Whiteside batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Giants 1 .	Mariners 7 , Giants 1(6 )