Giants - Top 1st . Leake pitching for Reds . Torres struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out looking . Sandoval singled to center . Huff doubled to deep right , Sandoval scored . Uribe walked . Posey grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Uribe out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Wellemeyer pitching for Giants . Phillips flied out to right . Janish walked . Votto flied out to left . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Janish out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Leake pitching for Reds . Molina flied out to right . Rowand homered to left ( 363 feet ) . Wellemeyer grounded out to pitcher . Torres walked . Sanchez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Wellemeyer pitching for Giants . Gomes grounded out to shortstop . Bruce singled to right . Stubbs struck out swinging . Hernandez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Leake pitching for Reds . Sandoval flied out to right . Huff homered to right ( 354 feet ) . Uribe doubled to deep left . Posey singled to left , Uribe to third . Molina singled to left , Uribe scored , Posey to second . Rowand walked , Posey to third , Molina to second . Wellemeyer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rowand out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Bautista pitching for Giants . Leake walked . Phillips singled to right , Leake to second . Janish reached on infield single to catcher , Leake to third , Phillips to second . Votto walked , Leake scored , Phillips to third , Janish to second . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to right , Phillips scored , Janish to third . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop , Janish scored , Votto to second . Bruce singled to right , Votto scored , Gomes to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Leake pitching for Reds . Torres singled to left center . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Torres out at second . Sandoval singled to shallow center , Sanchez to second . Huff walked , Sanchez to third , Sandoval to second . Uribe grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Bautista pitching for Giants . Leake grounded out to pitcher . Phillips singled to center . Phillips to second on wild pitch by Bautista . Janish fouled out to first . Votto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Leake pitching for Reds . Posey singled to right . Molina singled to right , Posey to second . Rowand grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second , Posey to third . Burrell hit for Bautista . Del Rosario pitching for Reds . Burrell safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen , Posey scored , Rowand to third . Torres walked , Burrell to second . Sanchez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Torres out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 5th . Romo pitching for Giants . Rolen lined out to third . Gomes doubled to center . Bruce grounded out to second , Gomes to third . Stubbs struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Herrera pitching for Reds . Sandoval struck out swinging . Huff walked . Uribe walked , Huff to second . Masset pitching for Reds . Heisey in center field . Posey flied out to center , Huff to third . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Whiteside catching . Hernandez flied out to right . Heisey singled to left . Phillips singled to right , Heisey to second . Janish struck out swinging . Votto walked , Heisey to third , Phillips to second . Rolen fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Masset pitching for Reds . Rowand hit by pitch . Whiteside reached on infield single to shortstop , Rowand to second . Torres sacrificed to pitcher , Rowand to third , Whiteside to second . Sanchez singled to left , Rowand scored , Whiteside to third . Rhodes pitching for Reds . Cabrera at shortstop . Whiteside caught stealing home , catcher to third to catcher , Sanchez to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Sandoval fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Gomes struck out looking . Bruce struck out swinging . Cabrera lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Rhodes pitching for Reds . Huff flied out to left . Uribe walked . Posey struck out swinging . Downs hit for Casilla . Downs popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Torres in left field . Schierholtz in right field . Mota pitching for Giants . Hernandez singled to left . Heisey doubled to deep left center , Hernandez to third . Phillips tripled to deep right , Hernandez and Heisey scored . Nix hit for Rhodes . Nix lined out to shortstop . Votto singled to center , Phillips scored . Rolen flied into double play , center to first , Votto doubled off first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Reds . Rowand flied out to center . Whiteside flied out to center . Torres fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Reds 7 .	Reds get majors - leading 12th win in final at - bat