Cubs - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Colvin singled to deep right . Colvin stole second . Castro singled to center , Colvin scored . Castro stole second . Hoffpauir grounded out to first , Castro to third . Ramirez singled to center , Castro scored . Fukudome homered to right , Ramirez scored . Soriano flied out to right . DeWitt grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Torres struck out swinging . Renteria singled to left . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renteria safe at second on error by second baseman DeWitt . Posey singled to center , Renteria scored , Huff to second . Burrell grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posey out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Hill grounded out to second . Dempster struck out swinging . Colvin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Sandoval flied out to left . Uribe doubled to deep right . Uribe to third on passed ball by Hill . Ishikawa singled to left , Uribe scored . Lincecum sacrificed to pitcher , Ishikawa to second . Torres safe at first on error by first baseman Hoffpauir , Ishikawa to third . Renteria flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Castro grounded out to third . Hoffpauir grounded out to first . Ramirez reached on infield single to third . Fukudome struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Huff grounded out to first . Posey grounded out to second . Burrell grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Soriano lined out to third . DeWitt struck out swinging . Hill singled to shallow left center . Dempster singled to center , Hill to second . Colvin walked , Hill to third , Dempster to second . Castro singled to left center , Hill and Dempster scored , Colvin to third . Hoffpauir struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . Uribe singled to center . Ishikawa flied out to right . Schierholtz hit for Lincecum . Schierholtz singled to left , Uribe to second . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Burriss at second base . Uribe at shortstop . Casilla pitching for Giants . Ramirez hit by pitch . Fukudome struck out looking . Soriano flied into double play , right to first , Ramirez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Burriss struck out looking . Huff grounded out to second . Posey grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Casilla pitching for Giants . DeWitt singled to left center . Hill flied out to center . Dempster sacrificed to first , DeWitt to second . Colvin grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Burrell grounded out to third . Sandoval singled to left . Uribe flied out to right . Ishikawa flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Hoffpauir struck out looking . Ramirez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Rowand hit for Casilla . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Rowand walked . Torres grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Rowand out at second . Burriss reached on infield single to shortstop , Burriss to second on throwing error by shortstop Castro . Huff walked . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Posey safe at first on error by center fielder Colvin , Burriss and Huff scored . Burrell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 8th . Mota pitching for Giants . Fukudome flied out to left . Soriano singled to left . DeWitt struck out looking . Hill singled to right , Soriano to third . Fontenot hit for Cashner . Fontenot doubled to deep right , Soriano and Hill scored . Colvin struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Marshall pitching for Cubs . Sandoval singled to left . Uribe struck out swinging . Ishikawa grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sandoval out at second . Sanchez hit for Mota . Sanchez walked , Ishikawa to second . Torres lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Castro popped out to first . Hoffpauir flied out to left . Ramirez singled to left . Fukudome singled to left , Ramirez to second . Soriano flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Burriss singled to right . Huff grounded out to third , Burriss to second . Posey doubled to deep right , Burriss scored . Burrell singled to shallow right , Posey to third . Sandoval reached on infield single to shortstop , Posey scored , Burrell to second . Uribe struck out swinging . Ishikawa grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 8 - Giants 6 .	Cubs batter Lincecum en route to win vs. Giants