Padres - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Giants . Denorfia singled to center . Eckstein singled to right , Denorfia to second . Tejada sacrificed to pitcher , Denorfia to third , Eckstein to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ludwick popped out to second . Torrealba walked , Denorfia scored , Eckstein to third , Gonzalez to second . Hairston walked , Eckstein scored , Gonzalez to third , Torrealba to second . Headley struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Torres flied out to center . Fontenot reached on infield single to second . Huff grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fontenot out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Giants . Stauffer struck out swinging . Denorfia flied out to right . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Burrell struck out swinging . Uribe grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Giants . Tejada singled to left . Gonzalez singled to center , Tejada to third . Ludwick struck out swinging . Torrealba struck out looking . Hairston grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tejada scored , Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Headley singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Hairston to second , Hairston thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Sandoval grounded out to second . Ross struck out looking . Zito grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Giants . Stauffer walked . Ray pitching for Giants . Denorfia singled to right center , Stauffer to second . Eckstein sacrificed to pitcher , Stauffer to third , Denorfia to second . Tejada singled to left , Stauffer scored , Denorfia to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Tejada out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Torres bunt grounded out to first . Fontenot struck out swinging . Huff walked . Posey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Ray pitching for Giants . Ludwick flied out to center . Torrealba struck out swinging . Venable hit for Hairston . Venable flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Denorfia in left field . Venable in center field . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Burrell flied out to left . Uribe hit by pitch . Sandoval grounded out to second , Uribe to second . Ross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Ray pitching for Giants . Headley flied out to center . Stauffer doubled to left . Casilla pitching for Giants . Schierholtz in right field . Denorfia grounded out to pitcher . Eckstein flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Schierholtz grounded out to catcher . Torres flied out to center . Fontenot safe at first on error by third baseman Headley . Huff walked , Fontenot to second . Posey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 7th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Ludwick grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Stauffer pitching for Padres . Burrell flied out to left . Uribe homered to left ( 375 feet ) . Sandoval singled to deep right . Ishikawa hit for Casilla . Gregerson pitching for Padres . Ishikawa flied out to left . Schierholtz grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Torrealba grounded out to third . Venable grounded out to second . Headley hit ground rule double to right . Salazar hit for Gregerson . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Adams pitching for Padres . Torres flied out to right . Fontenot struck out swinging . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Mota pitching for Giants . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Eckstein grounded out to second . Tejada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Bell pitching for Padres . Gwynn in center field . Venable in right field . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Burrell doubled to deep left . Uribe doubled to right , Burrell to third . Sandoval singled to left , Burrell scored , Uribe to third . Guillen hit for Mota . Ford ran for Sandoval . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ford out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Giants 2 .	Padres beat Giants , extend races to final day