Yankees - Top 1st. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury flied out to center. Gardner flied out to left. Beltrán lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Severino pitching for Yankees. Odor flied out to left. Mazara singled to shallow left. Beltré grounded out to first, Mazara to second. Fielder singled to center, Mazara scored. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fielder out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out swinging. McCann struck out looking. Castro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Severino pitching for Yankees. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus singled to center. Nicholas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Ackley popped out to second. Gregorius struck out swinging. Torreyes singled to center. Ellsbury grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Severino pitching for Yankees. DeShields grounded out to pitcher. Odor grounded out to second. Mazara singled to center. Beltré doubled to deep right, Mazara to third. Fielder intentionally walked. Desmond walked, Mazara scored, Beltré to third, Fielder to second. Moreland singled to center, Beltré and Fielder scored, Desmond to third. Desmond scored, Moreland to second on wild pitch by Severino. Andrus singled to center, Moreland scored. Nicholas flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Gardner flied out to left. Beltrán flied out to left. Teixeira fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Odor grounded out to second. Mazara grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Griffin pitching for Rangers. McCann grounded out to first. Castro lined out to second. Ackley lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Fielder grounded out to first. Desmond homered to center (433 feet). Moreland grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Gregorius grounded out to shortstop. Torreyes singled to center. Ellsbury grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Torreyes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Andrus doubled to left. Nicholas doubled to right, Andrus scored. DeShields grounded out to shortstop. Odor hit by pitch. Mazara grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Odor out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Gardner walked. Beltrán singled to right center, Gardner to third. Teixeira reached on infield single to shortstop, Gardner scored, Beltrán to second. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Teixeira out at second, Beltrán to third. Castro struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. Desmond reached on infield single to second. Moreland singled to left, Desmond to third. Desmond scored, Moreland to second on wild pitch by Nova. Andrus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Griffin pitching for Rangers. Ackley flied out to left. Gregorius struck out looking. Torreyes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Nicholas struck out swinging. DeShields grounded out to first. Odor homered to right center (416 feet). Mazara hit by pitch. Alberto hit for Beltré. Alberto struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Alberto at third base. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury flied out to right. Gardner singled to center. Beltrán struck out swinging. Teixeira singled to right, Gardner to second. McCann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 1 - Rangers 10.	Griffin strong for 8 innings, Rangers beat Yankees 10-1