Angels - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Escobar walked. Calhoun singled to right, Escobar to second. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Calhoun out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Odor singled to right. Mazara grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Odor out at second. Beltré struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Cron grounded out to second. Soto flied out to right. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Fielder flied out to left. Desmond doubled to center. Moreland doubled to right, Desmond scored. Andrus fouled out to first. Holaday flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Robinson singled to center. Pennington sacrificed to pitcher, Robinson to second. Escobar grounded out to third. Calhoun singled to right, Robinson scored. Calhoun stole second. Trout struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. DeShields grounded out to second. Odor grounded out to second. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Pujols singled to center. Cron singled to left, Pujols to second. Soto popped out to shortstop. Simmons grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Beltré walked. Fielder grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Beltré safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Richards. Desmond singled to center, Beltré scored, Fielder to second. Moreland struck out looking. Andrus singled to left, Fielder to third, Desmond to second. Holaday struck out looking. DeShields singled to right, Fielder and Desmond scored, Andrus to third. DeShields stole second. Odor flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Robinson struck out swinging. Pennington singled to center. Escobar walked, Pennington to second. Calhoun walked, Pennington to third, Escobar to second. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington scored, Escobar out at third, Calhoun to second. Pujols walked, Calhoun to third, Trout to second. Cron singled to right, Calhoun and Trout scored, Pujols to second. Soto struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Mahle pitching for Angels. Mazara flied out to left. Beltré doubled to left. Fielder grounded out to second, Beltré to third. Desmond intentionally walked. Desmond stole second. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Wilhelmsen pitching for Rangers. Simmons grounded out to first. Robinson reached on infield single to shortstop. Pennington singled to center, Robinson to third. Escobar hit sacrifice fly to center, Robinson scored. Calhoun flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Morin pitching for Angels. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Holaday flied out to left. DeShields grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols fouled out to third. Cron struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Álvarez pitching for Angels. Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher. Mazara flied out to left. Salas pitching for Angels. Odor caught stealing second, catcher to second. Beltré singled to center. Fielder singled to center, Beltré to third. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Soto homered to left (393 feet). Simmons grounded out to second. Robinson walked. Pennington struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center, Robinson to second. Robinson to third, Escobar to second on wild pitch by Diekman. Calhoun singled to right, Robinson scored, Escobar to third. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Trout doubled to deep right, Escobar scored, Calhoun to third. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Salas pitching for Angels. Moreland struck out looking. Andrus flied out to left. Holaday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Claudio pitching for Rangers. Cron singled to right. Soto singled to center, Cron to second. Simmons grounded into fielder's choice to second, Soto out at second, Cron to third. Robinson grounded out to pitcher, Cron scored, Simmons to second. Pennington popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Smith pitching for Angels. DeShields singled to center. Odor singled to right, DeShields to second. DeShields to third, Odor to second on passed ball by Soto. Mazara singled to right, DeShields scored, Odor to third. Beltré hit sacrifice fly to center, Odor scored. Fielder grounded out to first, Mazara to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Rangers 6.	Calhoun helps Angels stop Rangers' 4-game winning string