Mariners - Top 1st. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Aoki lined out to left. Smith lined out to second. Canó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Walker pitching for Mariners. Profar grounded out to pitcher. Desmond singled to right. Desmond stole second. Mazara walked. Beltré homered to left (396 feet), Desmond and Mazara scored. Fielder grounded out to first. Rua singled to left. Moreland popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Cruz flied out to center. Seager singled to center. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to first, Seager out at second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Andrus singled to left. Andrus stole second. Wilson flied out to center. Profar lined into double play, second to shortstop, Andrus doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Clevenger walked. Sardiñas singled to center, Clevenger to second. Aoki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sardiñas out at second, Clevenger to third. Smith hit sacrifice fly to left, Clevenger scored. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Walker pitching for Mariners. Desmond singled to center. Mazara walked, Desmond to second. Beltré doubled to right center, Desmond and Mazara scored. Fielder struck out swinging. Rua singled to center, Beltré thrown out at home, Rua to second advancing on throw. Moreland grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Cruz popped out to shortstop. Seager struck out swinging. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Profar homered to right (416 feet). Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Lee singled to right. Clevenger doubled to deep left, Lee to third. Sardiñas grounded out to second, Lee scored, Clevenger to third. Aoki struck out swinging. Smith lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Walker pitching for Mariners. Mazara doubled to left. Beltré intentionally walked. Fielder flied out to left. Mazara to third, Beltré to second on wild pitch by Walker. Rua walked. Moreland struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Darvish pitching for Rangers. Canó doubled to deep left. Canó to third on wild pitch by Darvish. Cruz struck out swinging. Seager singled to right, Canó scored. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to first, Seager out at second. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lind out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Mariners. Wilson grounded out to first. Profar reached on infield single to shortstop. Desmond singled to right, Profar to second. Mazara singled to right, Profar scored, Desmond to second. Beltré grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mazara out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Clevenger singled to left. Sardiñas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clevenger out at second. Aoki singled to center. Smith flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Mariners. Fielder walked. Rua struck out swinging. Moreland fouled out to right. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Canó grounded out to pitcher. Cruz flied out to right. Seager grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Martin pitching for Mariners. Wilson popped out to catcher. Profar grounded out to third. Desmond doubled to right. Mazara struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Lind grounded out to second. Lee singled to right. Clevenger grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Rangers 7.	Beltre's bat helps Darvish, Rangers beat Mariners 7-3