Rangers - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Choo singled to left. Desmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. Desmond stole second. Desmond safe at third on error by shortstop Díaz. Mazara hit sacrifice fly to center, Desmond scored. Beltré struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Carpenter walked. Díaz flied out to center. Holliday grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Odor bunt popped out to pitcher. Moreland grounded out to second. Andrus grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Piscotty homered to left center (414 feet). Peralta grounded out to first. Moss lined out to shortstop. Pham grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Chirinos reached on infield single to third. Pérez sacrificed to pitcher, Chirinos to second. Choo lined out to shortstop. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop, Chirinos to third. Mazara flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Fryer grounded out to shortstop. Leake singled to left. Carpenter singled to center, Leake to second. Díaz singled to center, Leake to third, Carpenter to second. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to right, Leake scored, Carpenter to third. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Díaz out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Odor struck out swinging. Moreland homered to right center (450 feet). Andrus singled to left center. Chirinos grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Moss grounded out to second. Pham singled to right, Pham to second on error by right fielder Choo.Pham out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Pérez struck out looking. Choo struck out swinging. Desmond struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Fryer singled to center. Fryer caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Leake flied out to center. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Mazara homered to right (400 feet). Beltré flied out to right. Odor singled to right. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to first, Odor out at second. Andrus reached on infield single to second, Moreland to second. Chirinos grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Díaz flied out to right. Holliday homered to right (356 feet). Piscotty walked. Peralta singled to center, Piscotty to third. Moss walked, Peralta to second. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Holaday catching. Adams hit for Pham. Adams struck out swinging. Fryer walked, Piscotty scored, Peralta to third, Moss to second. Wong hit for Leake. Wong flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Wong in center field. Holaday grounded out to pitcher. Choo grounded out to second. Desmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Carpenter singled to center, Carpenter out stretching at second. Díaz fouled out to third. Holliday lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Mazara grounded out to shortstop. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Odor doubled to deep right. Moreland intentionally walked. Andrus reached on fielder's choice to shortstop, Odor to third, Moreland to second. Profar hit for Barnette. Profar singled to center, Odor and Moreland scored, Andrus to third. Carpenter at first base. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Moss in left field. Garcia at second base. Andrus caught stealing home, catcher to third to catcher to shortstop. Holaday batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Bush pitching for Rangers. Piscotty grounded out to first. Peralta popped out to shortstop. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Garcia singled to right center. Fryer flied out to center. Wong popped out to third. Carpenter walked, Garcia to second. Garcia to third, Carpenter to second on wild pitch by Dyson. Díaz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 5 - Cardinals 4.	Rangers rally to beat Cardinals