Rangers - Top 1st. Nova pitching for Yankees. Choo grounded out to second. Desmond homered to right (374 feet). Mazara doubled to center. Beltré struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Gardner grounded out to shortstop. Beltrán walked. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Odor lined out to left. Andrus struck out swinging. Moreland grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Teixeira singled to left. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius singled to right, Teixeira to second. Headley singled to left, Teixeira scored, Gregorius to third, Headley to second advancing on throw. Hicks grounded out to second, Gregorius scored, Headley to third. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Nova pitching for Yankees. Chirinos walked. Choo doubled to deep right, Chirinos to third. Desmond grounded out to first, Chirinos scored, Choo to third. Mazara fouled out to third. Beltré grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Gardner lined out to center. Beltrán singled to center. McCann walked, Beltrán to second. Teixeira singled to center, Beltrán to third, McCann to second. Castro singled to shallow center, Beltrán scored, McCann to third, Teixeira to second. Gregorius grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Fielder singled to right. Odor grounded out to first, Fielder to second. Andrus walked. Moreland singled to right, Fielder to third, Andrus to second. Chirinos struck out swinging. Choo singled to center, Fielder and Andrus scored, Moreland to third. Choo stole second. Desmond struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Headley struck out swinging. Hicks bunt popped out to third. Ellsbury grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Nova pitching for Yankees. Mazara flied out to left. Beltré grounded out to shortstop. Fielder walked. Odor safe at second on error by first baseman Teixeira, Fielder to third. Andrus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Rangers. Gardner singled to center. Beltrán singled to center, Gardner to third. McCann singled to deep right, Gardner scored, Beltrán to third. Teixeira grounded out to first, McCann to second. Castro grounded out to third. Gregorius singled to left, Beltrán scored, McCann to third. Gregorius stole second. Headley flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Bleier pitching for Yankees. Moreland lined out to center. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Choo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Rangers. Hicks popped out to shortstop. Ellsbury singled to right. Gardner flied out to left. Beltrán singled to shallow right, Ellsbury to second. Ellsbury stole third. McCann popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Desmond struck out swinging. Mazara grounded out to second. Beltré grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Jackson pitching for Rangers. Teixeira homered to right (346 feet). Castro grounded out to first. Gregorius doubled to center. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Headley struck out swinging. Hicks grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Yankees. Fielder struck out swinging. Odor homered to right (402 feet). Andrus struck out swinging. Rua hit for Moreland. Rua struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Rua at first base. Barnette pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury walked. Gardner singled to shallow left, Ellsbury to second. Beltrán lined out to right. McCann struck out swinging. Ellsbury to third on wild pitch by Barnette. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Chirinos walked. Choo struck out looking. Yates pitching for Yankees. Desmond hit by pitch, Chirinos to second. Profar ran for Chirinos. Mazara hit by pitch, Profar to third, Desmond to second. Beltré singled to left, Profar and Desmond scored, Mazara to second. Fielder hit by pitch, Mazara to third, Beltré to second. Odor flied out to left. Andrus singled to right, Mazara and Beltré scored, Fielder to third. Andrus stole second. Rua struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Wilson catching. Dyson pitching for Rangers. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop. Gregorius grounded out to first, Castro to second. Headley walked. Hicks grounded into fielder's choice to first, Headley out at second, Castro to third. Ellsbury lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 9 - Yankees 6.	Rangers wrap up win at 2:44 a.m., outlast rain, Yankees