Rangers - Top 1st. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Choo bunt popped out foul to catcher. Desmond singled to left. Beltré homered to right (361 feet), Desmond scored. Fielder singled to right. Rua lined out to right. Odor fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Beltrán singled to deep left. Refsnyder ran for Beltrán. Rodriguez lined out to right. Teixeira reached on infield single to second, Refsnyder to second. Castro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Refsnyder in right field. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Andrus struck out swinging. Profar struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Gregorius lined out to right. Headley reached on infield single to shortstop. Hicks struck out swinging. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Choo grounded out to pitcher. Desmond reached on infield single to third. Beltré grounded into fielder's choice, second to shortstop, Desmond out at second. Fielder flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury flied out to center. Refsnyder walked. Rodriguez struck out looking. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Rua flied out to right. Odor lined out to center. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Castro grounded out to second. Gregorius singled to right. Headley reached on infield single to second, Gregorius to second. Hicks lined into double play, third to second, Gregorius doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Profar grounded out to third. Wilson popped out to shortstop. Choo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Romine struck out swinging. Ellsbury grounded out to pitcher. Refsnyder singled to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Desmond lined out to third. Beltré singled to right. Fielder grounded out to second, Beltré to second. Rua popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Teixeira grounded out to third. Castro struck out swinging. Gregorius grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Odor flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Profar walked. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Profar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Hamels pitching for Rangers. Headley grounded out to first. Hicks struck out swinging. Romine flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Sabathia pitching for Yankees. Choo hit by pitch. Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop, Choo to second. Beltré singled to left, Choo scored, Desmond to second. Fielder doubled to right, Desmond scored, Beltré to third. Swarzak pitching for Yankees. Mazara hit for Rua. Mazara singled to left, Beltré scored, Fielder to third. Odor singled to center, Fielder scored, Mazara to second. Andrus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Odor out at second, Mazara to third. Profar reached on infield single to shortstop, Mazara scored. Wilson grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Mazara in left field. Diekman pitching for Rangers. Ellsbury doubled to deep right. Refsnyder flied out to right, Ellsbury to third. Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center, Ellsbury scored. Teixeira grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Mullee pitching for Yankees. Choo struck out swinging. Desmond struck out swinging. Beltré flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 9th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Castro reached on infield single to second. Gregorius lined out to left. Headley grounded out to second, Castro to second. Hicks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 7 - Yankees 1.	Hamels, Beltre lead rollin' Rangers to 7-1 win over Yankees