Mariners - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gordon grounded out to second. Segura grounded out to pitcher. Canó grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Hernández struck out swinging. Donaldson struck out swinging. Solarte lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz walked. Seager struck out looking. Haniger grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. Healy reached on infield single to third, Haniger to second. Zunino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Haniger out at third, Healy to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Smoak grounded out to shortstop.Pillar fould out to first. Martin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Gamel walked. Gordon doubled to right, Gamel to third. Segura struck out swinging. Canó grounded out to first, Gamel scored, Gordon to third. Cruz singled to right center, Gordon scored. Seager flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Morales walked. Gurriel flied out to center. Alford walked, Morales to second. Hernández fouled out to first. Donaldson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Alford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Haniger grounded out to shortstop. Healy singled to right center. Zunino homered to right (349 feet), Healy scored. Gamel reached on infield single to first, Gamel to second on throwing error by first baseman Smoak. Gordon grounded out to first, Gamel to third. Segura flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Solarte struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Pillar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Canó singled to right. Cruz singled to left, Canó to second. Seager singled to left, Canó to third, Cruz to second. Haniger hit sacrifice fly to center, Canó scored. Healy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager out at second, Cruz to third. Zunino flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Martin popped out to second. Morales grounded out to third. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Gamel grounded out to first. Gordon singled to center. Segura flied out to left, Gordon to second. Gordon stole third. Canó walked. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Canó out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Alford struck out swinging. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Donaldson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Seager struck out swinging. Haniger flied out to left. Healy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Solarte grounded out to shortstop. Smoak lined out to center. Pillar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Zunino lined out to third. Gamel grounded out to pitcher. Gordon singled to center. Segura struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Martin flied out to left. Morales lined out to center. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Canó reached on infield single to shortstop. Cruz grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Canó out at second. Seager flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Paxton pitching for Mariners. Alford fouled out to right. Hernández struck out swinging. Donaldson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 5 - Blue Jays 0.	Paxton completes historic no-hitter in Toronto