Orioles - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Peterson lined out to center. Jones struck out swinging. Machado lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Solarte struck out swinging. Hernández struck out swinging. Smoak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Valencia reached on infield single to third. Álvarez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valencia out at second. Schoop grounded out to third, Álvarez to second. Trumbo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Morales doubled to left. Pillar reached on bunt single to first, Morales to third. Grichuk struck out swinging. Pillar caught stealing second, catcher to second. Maile lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Mancini struck out swinging. Sisco popped out to third. Peterson walked. Jones walked, Peterson to second. Machado popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Díaz singled to center. Urshela reached on infield single to shortstop, Díaz to third. Solarte singled to left, Díaz scored, Urshela to second. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Solarte out at second, Urshela to third. Smoak grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hernández out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Valencia walked. Álvarez struck out looking. Schoop grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Valencia out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Morales grounded out to pitcher. Pillar grounded out to pitcher. Grichuk grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo grounded out to shortstop. Mancini struck out swinging. Sisco reached on infield single to shortstop. Peterson singled to right, Sisco to second. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Maile grounded out to third. Díaz grounded out to third. Urshela popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Machado struck out swinging. Valencia singled to left. Álvarez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valencia out at second. Schoop lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Solarte doubled to deep left. Hernández doubled to left, Solarte scored. Smoak struck out swinging. Morales struck out swinging. Pillar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo lined out to center. Mancini singled to right. Sisco doubled to deep right center, Mancini scored, Sisco to third advancing on throw. Peterson walked. Barnes pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to right, Sisco scored, Peterson to second. Machado struck out looking. Valencia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Grichuk homered to center (418 feet). Maile popped out to shortstop. Díaz grounded out to third. Urshela singled to center. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Solarte flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Gentry hit for Álvarez. Gentry grounded out to second. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Schoop hit by pitch. Trumbo safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Biagini, Schoop to second. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Mancini walked, Schoop to third, Trumbo to second. Sisco struck out swinging. Schoop scored, Trumbo to third, Mancini to second on wild pitch by Clippard. Peterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Peterson in left field. Gentry in right field. Mancini at first base. Castro pitching for Orioles. Hernández fouled out to catcher. Smoak walked. Morales flied out to center. Pillar singled to center, Smoak to second. Grichuk flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Jones singled to right. Jones to second on wild pitch by Axford. Machado intentionally walked. Valencia lined out to right, Jones to third. Machado stole second. Gentry grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jones out at home, Machado to third. Schoop grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Castro pitching for Orioles. Maile grounded out to shortstop. Díaz lined out to third. Urshela reached on infield single to shortstop. Solarte popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Trumbo flied out to center. Mancini struck out swinging. Sisco walked. Peterson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Givens pitching for Orioles. Hernández struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Morales singled to right, Smoak to second. Pillar flied out to center. Grichuk hit by pitch, Smoak to third, Morales to second. Maile walked, Smoak scored, Morales to third, Grichuk to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 3 - Blue Jays 4.	Walk-off walk: Blue Jays beat Orioles 4-3 in 10 innings