Twins - Top 1st. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer grounded out to second. Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop. Escobar grounded out to second, Rosario to third. Dozier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Granderson singled to right. Gurriel struck out swinging. Smoak walked, Granderson to second. Morales doubled to deep right, Granderson scored, Smoak to third. Solarte lined into double play, shortstop to second, Morales doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Morrison struck out swinging. Polanco singled to left. Kepler walked, Polanco to second. Garver singled to center, Polanco scored, Kepler to third. Cave grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kepler scored, Garver out at second. Mauer doubled to deep center, Cave scored. Rosario walked. Escobar struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Grichuk doubled to deep right center. Smith Jr. hit by pitch. Maile flied out to left, Grichuk to third, Smith Jr. to second. Díaz hit sacrifice fly to right, Grichuk scored, Smith Jr. to third. Granderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Dozier struck out swinging. Morrison walked. Polanco grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Morrison out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Gurriel struck out swinging. Smoak singled to deep right. Morales flied out to center. Solarte grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Kepler safe at first on error by shortstop Díaz. Kepler caught stealing second, catcher to second. Garver grounded out to third. Cave doubled to right. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Grichuk fouled out to catcher. Smith Jr. struck out looking. Maile reached on infield single to third. Maile stole second. Díaz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Gaviglio pitching for Blue Jays. Rosario singled to right. Escobar flied out to right, Rosario to second. Dozier flied out to center, Rosario to third. Morrison grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Granderson grounded out to shortstop. Gurriel doubled to left. Smoak singled to right, Gurriel to third. Morales hit sacrifice fly to left, Gurriel scored. Solarte flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Polanco struck out swinging. Kepler fouled out to third. Garver homered to left center (421 feet). Cave flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Twins. Grichuk flied out to right. Hernández hit for Smith Jr.. Hernández struck out looking. Maile singled to center. Díaz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Hernández in left field. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Mauer flied out to left. Rosario struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Dozier singled to right, Escobar to second. Morrison flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Twins. Granderson struck out swinging. Pressly pitching for Twins. Gurriel lined out to right. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Polanco singled to right. Kepler hit ground rule double to right, Polanco to third. Garver singled to right, Polanco scored, Kepler to third. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. Cave struck out swinging. Mauer doubled to right, Kepler scored, Garver to third. Rosario flied out to center. Escobar intentionally walked. Dozier popped out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Morales singled to left center. Solarte grounded out to pitcher, Morales to second. Grichuk doubled to left, Morales to third. Hernández walked. Maile singled to center, Morales and Grichuk scored, Hernández to third. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández scored, Maile out at second. Granderson flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. García pitching for Blue Jays. Morrison struck out swinging. Polanco fouled out to first. Kepler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Belisle pitching for Twins. Gurriel singled to right. Smoak flied out to right. Morales singled to right center, Gurriel to third. Solarte lined into double play, shortstop to first, Morales doubled off first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 10th. Garcia pitching for Blue Jays. Garver flied out to center. Grossman hit for Cave. Grossman popped out to shortstop. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 10th. Kepler in center field. Grossman in right field. Belisle pitching for Twins. Grichuk singled to right. Hernández struck out swinging. Maile struck out swinging. Díaz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 11th. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Rosario grounded out to first. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. Dozier doubled to left. Morrison walked. Polanco walked, Dozier to third, Morrison to second. Kepler hit by pitch, Dozier scored, Morrison to third, Polanco to second. Santos pitching for Blue Jays. Garver hit ground rule double to deep center, Morrison and Polanco scored, Kepler to third. Grossman doubled to left, Kepler and Garver scored. Mauer singled to center, Grossman scored. Rosario singled to center, Mauer to second. Escobar lined out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 11th. Rodney pitching for Twins. Granderson singled to right. Gurriel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. Smoak singled to center, Gurriel to third. Morales grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 12 - Blue Jays 6.	Twins use 6-run 11th to beat Blue Jays 12-6, complete sweep