Blue Jays - Top 1st. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Granderson singled to right. Gurriel singled to center, Granderson to second. Smoak flied out to center, Granderson to third. Morales singled to right center, Granderson scored, Gurriel to second. Solarte flied out to right. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada lined out to left. Sánchez struck out swinging. Abreu grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Martin walked. Grichuk flied out to center. Drury reached on infield single to shortstop, Martin to second. Granderson singled to right, Martin to third, Drury to second. Gurriel singled to shallow left, Martin and Drury scored, Granderson to second. Smoak struck out looking. Morales grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. García grounded out to shortstop. Delmonico struck out swinging. Davidson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Solarte grounded out to shortstop. Hernández grounded out to third. Martin homered to left (406 feet). Grichuk struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Axford pitching for Blue Jays. Smith reached on infield single to pitcher. García struck out swinging. Anderson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Drury struck out swinging. Granderson fouled out to third. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada struck out looking. Sánchez homered to right (379 feet). Abreu singled to right. García singled to shallow right, Abreu to second. Delmonico grounded into double play, shortstop to first, García out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Giolito pitching for White Sox. Smoak doubled to left. Morales grounded out to shortstop, Smoak to third. Solarte singled to right center, Smoak scored. Danish pitching for White Sox. Hernández lined out to right. Martin reached on infield single to pitcher, Solarte to second. Grichuk hit by pitch, Solarte to third, Martin to second. Solarte caught stealing home, pitcher to second to catcher to third to pitcher. Drury batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Petricka pitching for Blue Jays. Davidson struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to shortstop. García grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Danish pitching for White Sox. Drury grounded out to third. Granderson grounded out to second. Gurriel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson singled to center. Moncada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second. Moncada stole second. Sánchez struck out swinging. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Abreu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Cedeño pitching for White Sox. Smoak grounded out to third. Morales doubled to deep center. Solarte grounded out to first, Morales to third. Hernández walked. Martin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. García struck out swinging. Delmonico homered to right (375 feet). Davidson lined out to right. Smith singled to right center. Smith to second on wild pitch by Clippard. García singled to center, Smith scored. Anderson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Minaya pitching for White Sox. Grichuk singled to center. Drury grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Grichuk out at second. Granderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. García pitching for Blue Jays. Moncada walked. Sánchez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Moncada out at second. Abreu doubled to left, Sánchez to third. Tepera pitching for Blue Jays. García singled to shallow left, Sánchez scored, Abreu to third. Delmonico hit by pitch, García to second. Palka hit for Davidson. Palka singled to right, Abreu and García scored, Delmonico to third. Smith hit by pitch, Palka to second. García tripled to left, Delmonico, Palka and Smith scored. Drake pitching for Blue Jays. Anderson fouled out to first. Moncada struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Engel in center field. García in left field. Fry pitching for White Sox. Gurriel grounded out to shortstop. Smoak grounded out to shortstop. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 5 - White Sox 9.	White Sox rally for 6 in 8th to beat Blue Jays 9-5