Blue Jays - Top 1st. Happ pitching for Yankees. Martin popped out to shortstop. Travis lined out to right. Grichuk homered to left center (437 feet). Morales singled to right center. Pillar singled to center, Morales to second. Hernández struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Borucki pitching for Blue Jays. Hicks walked. Stanton walked, Hicks to second. Hicks stole third. Stanton stole second. Andújar singled to left, Hicks scored, Stanton to third. Gregorius reached on infield single to second, Stanton scored, Andújar to third. Torres reached on infield single to catcher, Gregorius to second. Bird homered to right (386 feet), Andújar, Gregorius and Torres scored. Higashioka flied out to center. Robinson grounded out to second. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner flied out to left. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Happ pitching for Yankees. Jansen struck out swinging. Díaz walked. McKinney flied out to left. Martin singled to center, Díaz to second. Travis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Hicks grounded out to shortstop. Stanton walked. Andújar grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Torreyes at second base. Torres at shortstop. Happ pitching for Yankees. Grichuk struck out swinging. Morales flied out to center. Pillar lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Torreyes singled to right. Torres popped out to second. Bird struck out swinging, Torreyes to second on wild pitch by Biagini. Higashioka struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Happ pitching for Yankees. Hernández flied out to left. Jansen doubled to deep left. Díaz flied out to left. McKinney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Biagini pitching for Blue Jays. Robinson flied out to center. Gardner safe at first on error by third baseman Martin. Hicks reached on bunt single to pitcher, Gardner to second. Stanton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hicks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Happ pitching for Yankees. Martin struck out swinging. Travis popped out to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Shafer pitching for Blue Jays. Andújar grounded out to pitcher. Torreyes singled to left. Torres struck out swinging. Bird walked, Torreyes to second. Higashioka hit by pitch, Torreyes to third, Bird to second. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Higashioka out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Happ pitching for Yankees. Morales homered to left center (418 feet). Pillar doubled to left. Hernández struck out swinging. Holder pitching for Yankees. Jansen lined out to left. Pillar caught stealing third, catcher to third. Díaz batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Mayza pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner singled to left. Hicks walked, Gardner to second. Stanton singled to right, Gardner scored, Hicks to third. Andújar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hicks scored, Stanton out at second. Torreyes doubled to center, Andújar to third. Torres intentionally walked. Bird grounded into fielder's choice to first, Andújar out at home, Torreyes to third, Torres to second. Higashioka singled to center, Torreyes and Torres scored, Bird to second. Pannone pitching for Blue Jays. Robinson flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Holder pitching for Yankees. Díaz popped out to shortstop. McKinney popped out to third. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Pannone pitching for Blue Jays. Gardner lined out to left. Hicks struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Travis grounded out to pitcher. Grichuk doubled to deep right. Morales grounded out to second, Grichuk to third. Pillar fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Clippard pitching for Blue Jays. Andújar fouled out to first. Torreyes popped out to second. Torres singled to center. Bird grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torres out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Gray pitching for Yankees. Hernández fouled out to catcher. Jansen hit by pitch. Díaz struck out swinging. McKinney singled to shallow right, Jansen to second. Martin walked, Jansen to third, McKinney to second. Travis lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 2 - Yankees 10.	Happ gets slam help from Bird, Yankees beat Blue Jays 10-2