Pirates - Top 1st. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Lawton grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to third. Bay homered to center. Wilson doubled to deep center. Ward grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Counsell doubled to right. Clayton singled to center, Counsell scored. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Clayton out at second. Glaus singled to center. Terrero flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Castillo grounded out to third. Wigginton singled to left. Ross flied out to right. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to left center. McCracken grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Lawton singled to center. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lawton out at second. Bay safe at first on error by center fielder McCracken. Wilson singled to center, Bay scored. Ward struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Estes struck out swinging. Counsell safe at first on error by first baseman Ward. Clayton walked, Counsell to second. Gonzalez singled to right, Counsell scored, Clayton to second. Glaus struck out swinging. Terrero grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Castillo singled to center. Wigginton singled to center, Castillo to third. Ross hit sacrifice fly to center, Castillo scored. Williams sacrificed to third, Wigginton to second. Lawton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Tracy walked. Hill flied out to right. McCracken flied out to right. Estes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson homered to left. Bay flied out to right. Wilson walked. Ward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second. Ward to second on wild pitch by Estes. Castillo tripled to deep center, Ward scored. Wigginton grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Counsell flied out to center. Clayton flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross singled to center. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Ross safe at second on error by pitcher Estes. Lawton grounded out to pitcher, Ross to third, Williams to second. Ligtenberg pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson grounded out to third. Bay grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Glaus walked. Terrero grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Glaus out at second. Tracy fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ligtenberg pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson flied out to left. Ward grounded out to second. Castillo homered to left center. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Hill fouled out to third. Kata hit for Ligtenberg. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Redman hit for Williams. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross struck out swinging. Redman lined out to second. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Lawton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Counsell singled to center. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Counsell out at second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Glaus walked, Clayton to second. Terrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson flied out to right. Bay struck out swinging. Wilson lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Cintron hit for Hill. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Tracy struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 2.	Pirates get lift from Castillo in win over Arizona