Pirates - Top 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lawton popped out to shortstop. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Pirates. Cintron singled to center. Clayton singled to left center, Cintron to third. Gonzalez hit by pitch, Clayton to second. Glaus walked, Cintron scored, Clayton to third, Gonzalez to second. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Clayton out at home, Gonzalez to third, Glaus to second. Green struck out swinging. Snyder popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward singled to center. Wilson hit by pitch, Ward to second. Mackowiak singled to right, Ward scored, Wilson to second. Castillo struck out swinging. Cota struck out swinging. Perez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Terrero fouled out to right. Vazquez grounded out to second. Cintron fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lawton grounded out to pitcher. Wilson singled to left. Bay singled to center, Wilson to third. Ward grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bay out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Clayton doubled to right center. Gonzalez walked. Glaus homered to left, Clayton and Gonzalez scored. Clark popped out to shortstop. Green homered to right. Snyder flied out to center. Terrero grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson doubled to deep left. Mackowiak flied out to center, Wilson to third. Castillo grounded out to second, Wilson scored. Cota doubled to right. Perez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Bay in left field. Redman in center field. Perez pitching for Pirates. Vazquez singled to right. Cintron grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vazquez out at second. Clayton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lawton struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez flied out to left. Glaus lined out to right. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ward singled to left center. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ward out at second. Mackowiak grounded out to catcher, Redman to second. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Perez pitching for Pirates. Green singled to center. Snyder singled to left, Green to third. Terrero singled to left, Green scored, Snyder to second. Vazquez sacrificed to catcher, Snyder to third, Terrero to second. Cintron singled to left, Snyder scored, Terrero to third. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Terrero scored, Cintron out at second. Gonzalez lined out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Wigginton hit for Meadows. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Cota struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded out to second. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Lawton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Glaus grounded out to second. Clark struck out looking. Green walked. Snyder singled to left, Green to second. Kata hit for Vazquez. Terrero walked, Green to third, Snyder to second. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay reached on infield single to third. Ward hit ground rule double to deep right center, Bay to third. Redman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Clayton, Bay scored, Ward to third. Mackowiak batting. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mackowiak out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Cintron walked. Clayton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. Gonzalez walked. Glaus popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Hill hit for Vogelsong. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Cota lined out to left. Hill fouled out to third. Lawton homered to right center. Wilson grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Diamondbacks 8.	Glaus loots Pirates with 464-homer in D-backs' win