Marlins - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Conine struck out looking. Delgado homered to center. Cabrera tripled to deep center. Encarnacion walked. Lo Duca grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Sanchez flied out to left. Redman singled to left. Bay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Easley homered to left. Gonzalez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Willis popped out to pitcher. Castillo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Wigginton flied out to center. Castillo flied out to left. Restovich singled to right. Ross popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Conine grounded out to third. Delgado struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to center. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Wilson singled to right. Williams sacrificed to catcher, Wilson to second. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson to third. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson scored, Sanchez out at second. Bay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Lo Duca grounded out to third. Easley flied out to left. Gonzalez reached on infield single to pitcher. Willis flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Wigginton singled to center. Castillo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wigginton out at second. Restovich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to first. Conine lined out to left. Delgado hit by pitch. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Ross reached on bunt single to pitcher. Wilson lined out to shortstop. Williams bunt grounded out to, Ross tagged out at second. Sanchez lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Encarnacion struck out swinging. Lo Duca grounded out to pitcher. Easley doubled to deep left. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Willis singled to right, Easley scored, Gonzalez to third. Castillo singled to left center, Gonzalez scored, Willis to second. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castillo out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Redman tripled to deep right center. Bay grounded out to shortstop, Redman scored. Wigginton grounded out to third. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Castillo grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Delgado singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Delgado to second. Encarnacion bunted into fielder's choice to third, Delgado out at third, Cabrera to second. Lo Duca grounded into fielder's choice to first, Encarnacion out at second, Cabrera to third, Cabrera scored on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Easley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Restovich popped out to second. Ross popped out to first. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez popped out to second. Willis doubled to center. Castillo grounded out to third, Willis to third. Pierre ran for Conine. Conine singled to right, Willis scored. Pierre stole second. Delgado walked. Pierre in center field. Encarnacion in right field. Hill hit for Grabow. Cabrera grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop. Redman singled to shallow right, Sanchez to second. Bay struck out swinging. Wigginton walked, Sanchez to third, Redman to second. Castillo walked, Sanchez scored, Redman to third, Wigginton to second. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Restovich popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Encarnacion singled to left. Lo Duca flied out to right. Jones pitching for Marlins. Lawton hit for Ross. Easley lined into double play, third to first, Encarnacion doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Marlins. Lawton grounded out to shortstop. Mackowiak hit for Vogelsong. Wilson lined out to left. Mackowiak flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 6 - Pirates 3.	Willis ends Marlins' misery at Pittsburgh