Nationals - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Pirates. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Byrd struck out looking. Guillen homered to center. Johnson doubled to center. Castilla grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Lawton struck out looking. Redman singled to right. Bay singled to left, Redman to second. Ward flied out to left. Mackowiak singled to center, Redman scored, Bay to third. Castillo flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Spivey singled to center. Schneider singled to right, Spivey to third. Guzman doubled to deep center, Spivey and Schneider scored. Hernandez sacrificed to catcher, Guzman to third. Wilkerson walked. Byrd struck out looking. Guzman caught stealing home, catcher to second to first to second to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Wilson singled to center. Ross grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilson out at second. Redman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Johnson struck out looking. Castilla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Lawton walked. Redman grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lawton out at second. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Spivey singled to center. Schneider singled to right, Spivey to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to first, Schneider out at second, Spivey to third. Hernandez sacrificed to pitcher, Guzman to second. Wilkerson singled to left, Spivey and Guzman scored. Byrd flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ward singled to center. Mackowiak grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ward out at second. Castillo lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Guillen homered to center. Johnson grounded out to first. Castilla struck out swinging. Spivey struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Wilson grounded out to second. Ross struck out looking. Redman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Schneider singled to center. Guzman popped out to second. Hernandez bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Lawton hit by pitch. Redman flied out to center. Bay grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Lawton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Wilkerson struck out looking. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Nationals. Ward singled to center. Mackowiak singled to right, Ward to second. Castillo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ward to third, Mackowiak safe at second on error by third baseman Castilla. Doumit hit for Ross. Wilson singled to left, Ward and Mackowiak scored, Castillo to second. Hill hit for Redman. Doumit grounded into fielder's choice to first, Wilson out at second. Hill grounded out to first, Castillo scored, Doumit to second. Doumit catching. Torres pitching for Pirates. Lawton fouled out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Johnson grounded out to second. Castilla flied out to right. Spivey walked. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Redman grounded out to second. Bay struck out swinging. Ward doubled to deep left center. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Baerga hit for Majewski. Torres pitching for Pirates. Guzman tripled to deep right. Baerga grounded out to second. Church hit for Byrd. Wilkerson intentionally walked. Church singled to center, Guzman scored, Wilkerson to second. Church in left field. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Guillen grounded into double play, third to second to first, Church out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Wilson fouled out to first. Cota hit for Torres. Doumit singled to left. Cota struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 7 - Pirates 4.	Livan large at 10-2