Pirates - Top 1st. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Lawton grounded out to first. Redman grounded out to second. Bay hit by pitch. Mackowiak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Eckstein popped out to second. Grudzielanek flied out to left. Pujols homered to center. Sanders popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Ward walked. Cota flied out to right. Castillo singled to right, Ward to second. Wilson singled to center, Ward to third, Castillo to second. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ward scored, Wilson out at second, Castillo to third. Lawton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Williams out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Rolen flied out to left. Edmonds flied out to left. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Redman singled to left. Bay singled to left, Redman to third. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Ward singled to deep right, Redman scored, Bay to third. Cota hit sacrifice fly to center, Bay scored. Castillo singled to center, Ward to second. Wilson safe at second on error by left fielder Sanders, Ward and Castillo scored. Williams struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Morris struck out swinging. Eckstein struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Morris pitching for Cardinals. Lawton safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Pujols. Redman singled to right, Lawton to second. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Bay struck out swinging. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Ward walked, Lawton to third, Redman to second. Cota singled to left, Lawton scored, Redman thrown out at home, Ward to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Grudzielanek grounded out to first. Pujols lined out to center. Sanders struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Castillo fouled out to first. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Williams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Rolen flied out to center. Edmonds singled to center. Taguchi lined out to center. Seabol hit for Eldred. Molina doubled to deep left, Edmonds scored. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Seabol struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Lawton walked. Redman walked, Lawton to second. Bay singled to left, Lawton to third, Redman to second. Mackowiak reached on infield single to pitcher, Lawton scored, Redman to third, Bay to second, Redman scored, Bay to third, Mackowiak to second on throwing error by pitcher Flores. Ward hit sacrifice fly to right, Bay scored, Mackowiak to third. Cota hit sacrifice fly to center, Mackowiak scored. Castillo homered to center. Wilson grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to center. Grudzielanek flied out to right. Pujols flied out to right. Sanders safe at third on error by center fielder Redman, Eckstein scored, Sanders advanced to second on play, Sanders tagged out at third attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Flores pitching for Cardinals. Williams struck out swinging. Lawton grounded out to second. Redman singled to left. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Rolen doubled to left. Edmonds walked. Torres pitching for Pirates. Taguchi singled to left, Rolen scored, Edmonds to second. Mabry hit for Flores. Molina popped out to shortstop. Mabry grounded into fielder's choice to first, Taguchi out at second, Edmonds to third. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mabry out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Ward grounded out to third. Cota grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Grudzielanek walked. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grudzielanek out at second. Sanders flied out to center. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Rolen lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to second. Torres singled to right. Lawton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Edmonds doubled to left. Nunez hit for Molina. Taguchi singled to right, Edmonds to third. Diaz hit for Tavarez. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Edmonds scored, Taguchi out at second. Diaz doubled to left, Nunez scored. Eckstein walked. White pitching for Pirates. Grudzielanek hit by pitch, Diaz to third, Eckstein to second. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to left, Diaz scored. Sanders flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 11 - Cardinals 7.	Morris suffers first loss, Bucs end 12-game skid to Cards