Pirates - Top 1st. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Lawton walked. Sanchez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lawton out at second. Mackowiak struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Redman pitching for Pirates. Clark grounded out to second. Weeks walked. Hall struck out swinging. Lee walked, Weeks to second. Miller doubled to left, Weeks and Lee scored. Helms doubled to deep left center, Miller scored. Magruder in left field. Jenkins struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Bay singled to left. Ward grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bay out at second, Ward to second on throwing error by shortstop Hardy. Castillo lined into double play, right to shortstop, Ward doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Ohka grounded out to first. Clark flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Ross reached on bunt single to third. Wilson flied out to center. Redman bunt popped out to third. Lawton walked, Ross to second. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Redman pitching for Pirates. Weeks fouled out to first. Hall lined out to left. Magruder lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. Bay flied out to right. Ward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Miller grounded out to shortstop. Helms grounded out to first. Jenkins walked. Hardy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Castillo tripled to deep center. Ross reached on infield single to shortstop, Castillo scored. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ross out at second. Redman grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Ohka struck out swinging. Clark singled to right. Weeks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Lawton homered to right. Sanchez flied out to right. Mackowiak doubled to center. Bay singled to left, Mackowiak to third. Ward singled to center, Mackowiak scored, Bay to second. Wise pitching for Brewers. Castillo doubled to deep center, Bay scored, Ward to third. Ross grounded out to shortstop. Wilson intentionally walked. Redman grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ward out at home. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Hall grounded out to first. Magruder doubled to deep left center. Miller walked. Helms grounded into double play, third to second to first, Miller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Wise pitching for Brewers. Lawton struck out swinging. Sanchez popped out to shortstop. Mackowiak flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Redman pitching for Pirates. Jenkins walked. Jenkins to second on balk by Redman. Durrington hit for Wise. Hardy reached on bunt single to pitcher, Jenkins to third. Durrington singled to center, Jenkins scored, Hardy to third. White pitching for Pirates. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hardy out at home, Durrington to second. Weeks homered to center, Durrington and Clark scored. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Santana pitching for Brewers. Overbay at first base. Magruder struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Santana pitching for Brewers. Bay struck out swinging. Ward flied out to right. Castillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. White pitching for Pirates. Miller grounded out to third. Overbay singled to center. Jenkins singled to deep right, Overbay to third. Fielder hit for Santana. Hardy struck out looking. Fielder singled to right, Overbay scored, Jenkins to second. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Redman hit for Ross. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Redman singled to center. Doumit hit for White. Wilson grounded into double play, second to first, Redman out at second. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Brewers 8.	Lee leaves early, but Weeks powers Brewers