Astros - Top 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher. Biggio popped out to shortstop. Taveras caught stealing second, catcher to second. Berkman doubled to deep center. Ensberg singled to left, Berkman scored. Lamb struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Astacio pitching for Astros. Duffy grounded out to first. Hill struck out swinging. Lawton walked. Bay grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lawton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Palmeiro doubled to deep left. Vizcaino grounded out to first, Palmeiro to third. Ausmus hit by pitch. Astacio sacrificed to catcher, Ausmus to second. Taveras doubled to deep left, Palmeiro and Ausmus scored. Biggio fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Astacio pitching for Astros. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Castillo singled to left center. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Castillo to second. Doumit walked. Snell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Berkman doubled to deep right. Ensberg tripled to deep center, Berkman scored. Lamb struck out swinging. Palmeiro walked. Vizcaino singled to center, Ensberg scored, Palmeiro to third. Ausmus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Vizcaino out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Astacio pitching for Astros. Duffy flied out to left. Hill grounded out to first. Lawton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Astacio singled to left center. Taveras flied out to left. Biggio struck out swinging. Berkman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Astacio pitching for Astros. Bay flied out to right. Mackowiak flied out to center. Castillo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ensberg flied out to left. Lamb grounded out to second. Palmeiro singled to right. Vizcaino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Palmeiro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Astacio pitching for Astros. Wilson struck out swinging. Redman hit for Snell. Doumit homered to right. Redman flied out to center. Duffy singled to left. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Duffy to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Redman in right field. Lawton struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Ausmus struck out looking. Astacio grounded out to second. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Astacio pitching for Astros. Bay singled to center. Mackowiak flied out to left. Castillo singled to center, Bay to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to right, Bay scored. Doumit grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Biggio grounded out to shortstop. Berkman flied out to left. Ensberg walked. Gallo pitching for Astros. Lamb grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ensberg out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Gallo pitching for Astros. Redman grounded out to second. Duffy reached on bunt single to first. Restovich hit for Meadows. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Duffy out at second. Qualls pitching for Astros. Restovich reached on infield single to shortstop, Hill to second. Bay walked, Hill to third, Restovich to second. Torres pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Palmeiro reached on bunt single to third. Vizcaino singled to right center, Palmeiro to third. Lane hit for Qualls. Ausmus safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson, Palmeiro scored, Vizcaino to second. Vizcaino to third, Ausmus to second on passed ball by Doumit. Lane walked. Taveras safe at first on error by third baseman Hill, Vizcaino scored, Ausmus to third, Lane to second. Biggio hit sacrifice fly to right, Ausmus scored, Lane to third. Springer pitching for Astros. Bruntlett at shortstop. Lane in right field. Berkman grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Taveras out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Springer pitching for Astros. Castillo struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. Doumit homered to right. Redman flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Ensberg singled to center. Lamb singled to right, Ensberg to second. Palmeiro flied out to center, Ensberg to third. Vizcaino safe at first on error by pitcher Torres, Ensberg scored, Lamb to second. Burns pitching for Astros. Ausmus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vizcaino out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Burns pitching for Astros. Duffy struck out looking. Ward hit for Torres. Hill safe at first on error by first baseman Lamb. Ward grounded out to first, Hill to second. Bay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Astros 9 - Pirates 3.	Astros' Astacio gets first major-league victory