Pirates - Top 1st. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Redman flied out to right. Mackowiak grounded out to first. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Miles grounded out to second. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Bay struck out looking. Eldred fouled out to catcher. Castillo singled to right center. Cota reached on infield single to second, Castillo to second. Wilson singled to center, Castillo scored, Cota to third. Williams reached on infield single to second, Cota scored, Wilson to second. Redman fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Shealy walked. Mohr grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Shealy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Mackowiak singled to left center. Gerut flied out to right. Sanchez ran for Mackowiak. Bay homered to left, Sanchez scored. Eldred struck out swinging. Castillo hit ground rule double to deep right. Cota walked. Sanchez at third base. Wilson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Pirates. Bigbie grounded out to second. Ardoin walked. Acevedo bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Ardoin out at second, Acevedo to second on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Gonzalez singled to center, Acevedo to third. Miles bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Acevedo pitching for Rockies. Williams flied out to left. Redman singled to center. Sanchez singled to left, Redman to second. Gerut singled to right, Redman scored, Sanchez to second. Bay singled to deep center, Sanchez scored, Gerut to third. Speier pitching for Rockies. Eldred doubled to deep left, Gerut scored, Bay to third. Castillo singled to right, Bay scored, Eldred to third. Cota grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Eldred out at home, Castillo to second. Wilson singled to left, Castillo scored, Cota to second. Williams grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Holliday singled to shallow left. Atkins flied out to left. Shealy walked, Holliday to second. Mohr flied out to left. Bigbie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Redman grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to third. Gerut flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Ardoin flied out to left. Speier grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to left. Miles grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Bay flied out to center. Eldred grounded out to third. Castillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Pirates. Holliday singled to center. Atkins walked, Holliday to second. Shealy popped out to second. Mohr flied out to left. Bigbie singled to center, Holliday scored, Atkins to second. Piedra hit for Speier. Ardoin reached on infield single to shortstop, Atkins to third, Bigbie to second. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Piedra grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Cota struck out swinging. Ward hit for Williams. Wilson fouled out to right. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Ward flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez singled to left. Miles grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. Williams pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Williams pitching for Rockies. Redman singled to left. Sanchez singled to left, Redman to second. Gerut struck out swinging. Bay doubled to deep left, Redman scored, Sanchez to third. Eldred hit sacrifice fly to center, Sanchez scored. Castillo reached on infield single to third, Bay to third. Cota singled to left, Bay scored, Castillo to second. Wilson fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Shealy hit ground rule double to deep left center. Mohr homered to left, Shealy scored. Bigbie grounded out to second. Wright pitching for Rockies. Restovich hit for Meadows. Ardoin grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Restovich struck out swinging. Redman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Gonzalez. Sanchez flied out to left. White pitching for Pirates. Sullivan hit for Wright. Gerut grounded into fielder's choice to second, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 9th. White pitching for Pirates. Sullivan grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Miles reached on infield single to first. Miles to second on fielder's indifference. Holliday doubled to deep right center, Miles scored, Miles to third. Holliday out stretching at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 12 - Rockies 4.	Pirates feel mile high in romp of Rockies