Cardinals - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Eckstein singled to center. Walker doubled to left, Eckstein to third. Pujols popped out to shortstop. Edmonds intentionally walked. Nunez singled to left, Eckstein scored, Walker to third, Edmonds to second. Taguchi struck out swinging. Luna grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nunez out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Sanchez lined out to right. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Molina flied out to center. Mulder singled to right. Eckstein singled to right, Mulder to third. Walker grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Eckstein out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Eldred safe at first on error by third baseman Nunez. Doumit grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Eldred out at second. Castillo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds walked. Nunez reached on infield single to first, Edmonds to second. Taguchi singled to left, Edmonds scored, Nunez to third. Luna reached on infield single to pitcher, Nunez scored, Taguchi to second. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Luna out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Restovich singled to right. Wilson singled to left, Restovich to second. Fogg sacrificed to third, Restovich to third, Wilson to second. Sanchez at second base. Mackowiak at third base. Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to left, Restovich scored, Wilson tagged out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Mulder struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to third. Walker singled to center. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Duffy walked. Bay grounded out to third, Duffy to second. Eldred struck out swinging. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Edmonds struck out swinging. Nunez singled to center. Taguchi fouled out to third. Luna singled to left, Nunez to second. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Luna out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Restovich singled to center. Redman hit for Fogg. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Restovich out at second. Redman walked, Wilson to second. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Redman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Mulder struck out looking. Eckstein flied out to center. Walker singled to left center. Pujols safe at first on error by first baseman Eldred, Walker to third. Edmonds popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Duffy grounded out to second. Bay grounded out to shortstop. Eldred struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Nunez struck out swinging. Taguchi flied out to center. Luna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Doumit flied out to left. Mackowiak grounded out to second. Restovich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Mulder struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Ward hit for Meadows. Mulder pitching for Cardinals. Wilson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Eckstein. Ward grounded out to pitcher, Wilson to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Duffy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Walker grounded out to pitcher. Pujols grounded out to second. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Bay grounded out to catcher. Eldred lined out to shortstop. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Pirates 1.	Cards roll as Mulder wins fifth career start vs. Pirates