Brewers - Top 1st. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Young walked. Young stole second. Sexson hit by pitch. Jenkins flied out to center. Hammonds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Spivey grounded out to second. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Helms grounded out to shortstop. Osik singled to left. Clayton flied out to center. Rusch lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Williams singled to left. Grace grounded out to pitcher, Williams to second. Bautista grounded out to second, Williams to third. Finley singled to left, Williams scored. Hammock grounded into fielder's choice to second, Finley out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez tripled to deep center. Young grounded out to second, Sanchez scored. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. Jenkins walked. Hammonds grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jenkins out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Dessens grounded out to pitcher. Counsell struck out swinging. Spivey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Helms struck out swinging. Osik grounded out to shortstop. Clayton homered to left. Rusch grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez doubled to right. Williams lined out to third. Grace flied out to shallow left. Bautista singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Finley doubled to right center, Bautista to third. Hammock homered to left, Bautista and Finley scored. Dessens singled to right. Counsell flied out to center. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez doubled to left. Young struck out looking. Sanchez caught stealing third, catcher to third. Sexson singled to left. Jenkins grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Spivey hit ground rule double to right center. Gonzalez singled to center, Spivey scored. Williams grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Grace singled to right. Bautista doubled to left center, Grace scored. Finley fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammonds grounded out to third. Helms grounded out to third. Osik struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Nance pitching for Brewers. Ginter at third base. Hammock singled to center. Hammock to second on wild pitch by Nance. Dessens struck out looking. Counsell singled to right center, Hammock to third. Counsell stole second. Spivey struck out swinging. Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop, Hammock scored, Counsell to third. Gonzalez stole second. Williams struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Clayton walked. Ginter struck out looking. Sanchez flied out to center. Young singled to shallow center, Clayton to second. Sexson reached on infield single to third, Clayton to third, Young to second. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Jenkins popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Brewers. Grace flied out to left. Bautista singled to left. Finley singled to center, Bautista to second. Hammock doubled to right, Bautista scored, Finley to third. Dellucci hit for Myers. Dellucci struck out swinging. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell fouled out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammonds struck out swinging. Podsednik hit for Vizcaino. Podsednik fouled out to third. Ford pitching for Brewers. Osik flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Ford pitching for Brewers. Spivey flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to deep center. Williams fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Cruz hit for Clayton. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz struck out looking. Ginter singled to left. Sanchez singled to right, Ginter to third, Sanchez to second on error by right fielder Bautista. Young singled to left, Ginter scored, Sanchez to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Jenkins grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Diamondbacks 9.	Dessens first Arizona starter to win this year