Marlins - Top 1st. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Pierre grounded out to first. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez walked. Lowell flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Penny pitching for Marlins. Podsednik flied out to deep left. Ginter doubled to left. Jenkins doubled to left, Ginter scored. Sexson homered to right center, Jenkins scored. Vander Wal singled to center. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vander Wal out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion reached on bunt single to third. Cabrera flied out to shallow right center. Encarnacion caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Banks flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Clayton struck out looking. Kinney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez singled to left. Penny sacrificed to catcher, Gonzalez to second. Pierre bunt grounded out to third, Gonzalez to third. Castillo walked. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez scored, Castillo to second. Lowell struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Penny pitching for Marlins. Podsednik struck out swinging. Ginter popped out to first. Jenkins singled to left. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Encarnacion doubled to left. Cabrera singled to left, Encarnacion scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Banks grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Penny struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Vander Wal walked. Perez flied into double play, center to first, Vander Wal doubled off first. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo flied out to center. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Clayton grounded out to second. Kinney struck out swinging. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Kinney pitching for Brewers. Lowell flied out to center. Encarnacion homered to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Banks singled to center. Banks stole second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Banks to third, Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Kinney. Penny struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Ginter grounded out to second. Jenkins grounded out to first. De Los Santos pitching for Brewers. Sexson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. De Los Santos pitching for Brewers. Pierre grounded out to pitcher. Castillo lined out to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Penny pitching for Marlins. Vander Wal homered to right. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Hall doubled to left center. Clayton flied out to right, Hall to third. Clark hit for De Los Santos. Clark singled to right, Hall scored. Clark in right field. Dejean pitching for Brewers. Podsednik flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Brewers. Lowell homered to left. Encarnacion safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Ginter. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. Banks singled to right. Bump pitching for Marlins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Bump pitching for Marlins. Ginter singled to left. Jenkins singled to center, Ginter to second. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jenkins out at second, Ginter to third. Smith hit for Dejean. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hollandsworth hit for Bump. Smith grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sexson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hollandsworth struck out looking. Pierre singled to center. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Brewers 5.	Wonder Wal: 7th-inning home run beats Marlins