Brewers - Top 1st. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Podsednik tripled to right. Conti hit sacrifice fly to center, Podsednik scored. Ginter flied out to right. Sexson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Vina popped out to shortstop. Drew flied out to left. Pujols grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Helms struck out swinging. Zoccolillo doubled to deep center. Osik lined out to center. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Renteria doubled to left, Rolen to third. Widger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Sheets struck out swinging. Podsednik safe at on error by first baseman Martinez. Conti fouled out to first. Podsednik stole second. Ginter walked. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ginter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Stephenson singled to right. Vina singled to center, Stephenson to third. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stephenson out at home, Vina to second. Pujols flied out to right. Edmonds walked, Vina to third, Drew to second. Rolen singled to center, Vina and Drew scored, Edmonds to second. Martinez hit by pitch, Edmonds to third, Rolen to second. Renteria reached on infield single to third, Edmonds and Rolen scored, Martinez to second. Widger singled to center, Martinez scored, Renteria to second. Renteria to third on passed ball by Osik. Stephenson struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Helms singled to right. Zoccolillo flied out to center. Osik lined into double play, right to first, Helms doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Vina grounded out to second. Drew struck out swinging. Pujols singled to center. Edmonds flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Clayton singled to center. Sheets sacrificed to pitcher, Clayton to second. Podsednik walked. Conti homered to right, Clayton and Podsednik scored. Ginter grounded out to first. Sexson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. Renteria popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Helms singled to center. Zoccolillo struck out swinging. Osik grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Helms out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Robinson hit for Stephenson. Sheets pitching for Brewers. Widger doubled to left. Robinson sacrificed to third, Widger to third. Vina struck out swinging. Drew reached on infield single to pitcher, Widger scored. Nance pitching for Brewers. Pujols singled to center, Drew to second. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in right field. Edmonds grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Weeks hit for Nance. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Clayton flied out to right. Weeks struck out looking. Estrella pitching for Brewers. Podsednik grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Estrella pitching for Brewers. Rolen reached on infield single to shortstop. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. Taguchi in right field. Pujols at first base. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in left field. Renteria grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Conti struck out swinging. Ginter singled to center. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ginter safe at second on error by second baseman Vina. Helms grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sexson out at second, Ginter to third. Zoccolillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Estrella pitching for Brewers. Widger hit ground rule double to deep left. Robinson sacrificed to third, Widger to third. Palmeiro hit for Taguchi. Vina grounded out to first. Palmeiro in right field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Osik walked. Kieschnick hit for Estrella. Clayton struck out swinging. Kieschnick homered to right, Osik scored. Podsednik walked. Podsednik stole second. Journell pitching for Cardinals. Conti singled to center, Podsednik scored, Conti to second advancing on throw. Ginter walked. Sexson struck out looking. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Helms struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Pujols fouled out to catcher. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Cardinals 6.	Milwaukee 7, St. Louis 6