Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Finley singled to left. Counsell grounded out to pitcher, Finley to second. Gonzalez lined out to second. Mondesi walked. Mondesi batting. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik lined out to right. Hall doubled to deep right. Clark grounded out to shortstop, Hall to third. Sexson homered to right, Hall scored. Ginter homered to left center. Perez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Hillenbrand grounded out to shortstop. Kata grounded out to catcher. Barajas doubled to deep right. Schilling flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith struck out swinging. Clayton lined out to second. Obermueller struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Finley singled to right, Finley to second on error by right fielder Clark. Counsell tripled to right, Finley scored. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi singled to right, Counsell scored, Gonzalez to second. Cintron popped out to third. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mondesi out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik reached on bunt single to second. Hall hit ground rule double to deep center, Podsednik to third. Clark grounded out to second, Podsednik scored, Hall to third. Sexson singled to left, Hall scored. Ginter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sexson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Kata walked. Barajas singled to right, Kata to second. Schilling sacrificed to pitcher, Kata to third, Barajas to second. Finley hit by pitch. Counsell lined into double play, pitcher to first, Finley doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez flied out to right. Smith grounded out to third. Clayton singled to center. Obermueller bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez flied out to center. Mondesi flied out to center. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Schilling pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik lined out to first. Hall homered to left. Clark grounded out to third. Sexson lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Obermueller pitching for Brewers. Hillenbrand homered to left. Kata grounded out to shortstop. McCracken hit for Schilling. Barajas struck out swinging. McCracken singled to left. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ginter struck out swinging. Perez singled to right. Smith singled to center, Perez to third. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Clayton grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smith out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Rusch pitching for Brewers. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez flied out to left. Zoccolillo hit for Rusch. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks hit for Zoccolillo. Mondesi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Weeks walked. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Podsednik bunted into fielder's choice to third, Weeks out at second. Hall flied out to center. Podsednik caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Clark batting. Crudale pitching for Brewers. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Crudale pitching for Brewers. Cintron grounded out to first. Hillenbrand walked. Baerga hit for Barajas. Kata lined out to center. Jose hit for Villarreal. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Baerga walked, Hillenbrand to second. Jose singled to left, Hillenbrand scored, Baerga to second. Moeller catching. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark struck out swinging. Sexson struck out swinging. Ginter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Counsell flied out to left. Gonzalez walked. Mondesi struck out swinging. Gonzalez to second on fielder's indifference. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Brewers 6.	Brewers manage to repel Diamondbacks