Devil Rays - Top 1st. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Green struck out looking. Gomes walked. Huff lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Adams flied out to right. Catalanotto hit by pitch. Wells flied out to left. Glaus walked, Catalanotto to second. Overbay lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Wigginton walked. Hollins doubled to deep left, Wigginton to third. Paul struck out swinging. Perez reached on bunt single to second, Wigginton scored, Hollins to third. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Perez to second. Crawford lined into double play, to first, Gathright doubled off first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Hinske flied out to center. Zaun flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Green walked. Gomes walked, Green to second. Huff walked, Green to third, Gomes to second. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Green and Gomes scored on throwing error by third baseman Glaus, Huff safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Hollins singled to center, Huff scored, Wigginton to second. Paul sacrificed to pitcher, Wigginton to third, Hollins to second. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Perez walked. Gathright grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at home, Hollins to third, Perez to second. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gathright out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Hill flied out to right. Adams doubled to right. Catalanotto doubled to deep center, Adams scored. Wells lined out to left. Glaus walked. Overbay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Green singled to left. Green caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Gomes struck out looking. Huff reached on infield single to first. Huff to second on wild pitch by Tallet. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Waechter pitching for Devil Rays. Hillenbrand singled to center. Hinske singled to right, Hillenbrand to second. Zaun flied out to right, Hillenbrand to third. Hill hit sacrifice fly to center, Hillenbrand scored. Adams singled to left, Hinske to second. Childers pitching for Devil Rays. Catalanotto singled to center, Hinske scored, Adams to third, Catalanotto to second advancing on throw. Wells walked. Glaus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Hollins struck out swinging. Paul flied out to right. Perez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Childers pitching for Devil Rays. Overbay struck out looking. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. Hinske walked. Zaun homered to right center, Hinske scored. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Hill flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Gathright grounded out to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to second. Green singled to right. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Gomes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Adams struck out swinging. Johnson ran for Catalanotto. Catalanotto reached on infield single to shortstop. Wells grounded out to second, Johnson to second. Glaus walked. Overbay singled to left center, Johnson scored, Glaus to third. Hillenbrand singled to right, Glaus scored, Overbay to second. Hinske singled to center, Overbay scored, Hillenbrand to third. Johnson in left field. Rios in right field. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Zaun struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Huff grounded out to first. Wigginton flied out to left. Hollins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Harper pitching for Devil Rays. Hill doubled to right. Adams flied out to center, Hill thrown out at third. Johnson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Paul struck out swinging. Perez struck out looking. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Gathright lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Wells doubled to deep left. Glaus flied out to center, Wells to third. Overbay grounded out to second. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford bunt popped out to pitcher. Green grounded out to second. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 4 - Blue Jays 8.	Zaun keys Jays' rally from four runs down to top Rays