Devil Rays - Top 1st. Loe pitching for Rangers. Crawford hit ground rule double to left. Cantu doubled to left, Crawford scored. Lee grounded out to first, Cantu to third. Gomes grounded out to shortstop, Cantu scored. Branyan homered to left center. Wigginton homered to right. Paul struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Matthews Jr grounded out to second. Young singled to center. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Nevin singled to left, Young scored, Teixeira to second. Blalock singled to right, Teixeira to third, Nevin to second. Mench homered to left, Teixeira, Nevin and Blalock scored. Wilkerson flied out to right. Barajas flied out to right. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Perez flied out to right. Gathright reached on bunt single to pitcher. Gathright stole second. Crawford flied out to center. Cantu singled to center, Gathright scored. Lee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Meyer grounded out to second. Matthews Jr singled to left center. Young doubled to deep left, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira walked. Nevin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Loe pitching for Rangers. Gomes walked. Branyan struck out swinging. Wigginton doubled to deep center, Gomes scored, Wigginton to third advancing on throw. Paul grounded out to second. Perez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Blalock walked. Mench safe at first on error by third baseman Wigginton, Blalock to second. Wilkerson lined out to center, Blalock to third. Barajas singled to center, Blalock scored, Mench to second. Meyer singled to right, Mench to third, Barajas to second. Dunn pitching for Devil Rays. Matthews Jr struck out swinging. Young doubled to deep left center, Mench, Barajas and Meyer scored. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Teixeira flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Gathright hit by pitch. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gathright out at second. Cantu flied out to right. Lee lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Dunn pitching for Devil Rays. Nevin homered to center. Blalock singled to left. Mench doubled to deep center, Blalock scored. Wilkerson hit by pitch. Mench to third on wild pitch by Dunn. Barajas popped out to shortstop. Meyer struck out swinging. Matthews Jr hit by pitch. Young doubled to left, Mench and Wilkerson scored, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Gomes walked. Branyan struck out swinging. Wigginton struck out swinging. Paul singled to right, Gomes to second. Perez walked, Gomes to third, Paul to second. Childers pitching for Devil Rays. Gathright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Childers pitching for Devil Rays. Nevin grounded out to third. Blalock singled to center. Mench singled to left, Blalock to second. Wilkerson singled to right, Blalock to third, Mench to second. Barajas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wilkerson out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Crawford grounded out to pitcher. Cantu popped out to second. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Meyer struck out looking. Matthews Jr popped out to shortstop. Young singled to right. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Teixeira struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Gomes struck out looking. Branyan walked. Wigginton popped out to second. Paul struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Nevin struck out swinging. Blalock flied out to left. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Mench grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Hollins hit for Gathright. Shouse pitching for Rangers. Perez doubled to deep left. Hollins grounded out to third, Perez to third. Crawford singled to center, Perez scored. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to first, Crawford out at second. Hollins in center field. Lee struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Barajas popped out to shortstop. Meyer reached on infield single to second. Brown in left field. Castro pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr grounded into fielder's choice to second, Meyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Green hit for Branyan. Castro pitching for Rangers. Gomes struck out swinging. Green lined out to first. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 7 - Rangers 13.	Young powers Rangers with five hits, five RBI