Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Counsell struck out swinging. Byrnes walked. Gonzalez flied out to left. Byrnes stole second. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lugo grounded out to third. Crawford flied out to center. Baldelli doubled to left. Cantu singled to center, Baldelli scored. Huff singled to left, Cantu to second. Gomes flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Tracy singled to center. Easley fouled out to catcher. Green popped out to second. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton flied out to center. Hall popped out to second. Lee walked. Lugo walked, Lee to second. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson popped out to first. Counsell reached on infield single to second, Counsell to second on throwing error by second baseman Cantu. Byrnes walked. Gonzalez flied out to right. Jackson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Baldelli popped out to shortstop. Cantu singled to left. Huff singled to right, Cantu to second. Gomes doubled to deep left center, Cantu and Huff scored. Wigginton singled to left, Gomes to third. Hall hit sacrifice fly to right, Gomes scored. Wigginton stole second. Lee walked. Lugo singled to left, Wigginton scored, Lee to second. Crawford popped out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Tracy popped out to shortstop. Easley grounded out to second. Green batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Baldelli homered to left. Cantu grounded out to shortstop. Huff grounded out to first. Gomes flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson doubled to left. Counsell reached on bunt single to first, Hudson to third. Byrnes popped out to shortstop. Jackson walked, Counsell to third, Gonzalez to second. Tracy singled to right, Counsell and Gonzalez scored, Jackson out at third. Easley grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton singled to left. Hall flied out to right. Lee singled to center, Wigginton to second. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wigginton out at third, Lee to second. Crawford lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Green reached on infield single to shortstop. Green to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson. Snyder flied out to center, Green to third. Hudson hit sacrifice fly to right, Green scored. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Baldelli struck out looking. Cantu struck out swinging. Huff batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes singled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to, Byrnes out at second, Gonzalez to first. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Wigginton popped out to shortstop. Hall struck out swinging. Hollins in right field. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Tracy batting. Easley to second on passed ball by Hall. Estrada hit for Snyder. Green grounded out to shortstop. Estrada catching. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Estrada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Lugo walked. Lugo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Crawford reached on infield single to second. Crawford stole second. Baldelli popped out to shortstop. Perez ran for Huff. Huff doubled to deep left center, Cantu scored. Perez at third base. Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop, Perez out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Hudson struck out swinging. Counsell flied out to right. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Byrnes homered to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Devil Rays 8.	Devil Rays jump out early, hold off late D-Backs rally