Orioles - Top 1st. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts doubled to deep left center. Fahey singled to center, Roberts scored. Fahey caught stealing second, catcher to second. Mora walked. Tejada singled to center, Mora to third. Conine singled to left, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Tejada caught stealing third, catcher to third. Millar walked, Conine to second. Patterson doubled to right, Conine scored, Millar to third. Lopez walked. Markakis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Lugo flied out to center. Crawford struck out looking. Baldelli grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Roberts singled to right. Fahey grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts out at second. Mora struck out looking. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Wigginton flied out to right. Norton walked. Cantu walked, Norton to second. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cantu out at second, Norton to third. Branyan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Corcoran pitching for Devil Rays. Conine walked. Millar lined into double play, second to first, Conine doubled off first. Patterson doubled to deep right center. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Navarro reached on infield single to shortstop. Lugo struck out swinging. Crawford walked, Navarro to second. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Baldelli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Markakis grounded out to pitcher. Roberts doubled to deep right. Fahey singled to left, Roberts to third. Mora grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Fahey out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Wigginton popped out to shortstop. Norton popped out to shortstop. Cantu singled to right. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Tejada singled to right. Conine grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Branyan doubled to deep center. Navarro singled to center, Branyan scored. Lugo homered to left, Navarro scored. Crawford tripled to deep center. Baldelli singled to right, Crawford scored. Wigginton singled to left, Baldelli to second. Norton singled to left, Baldelli scored, Wigginton to second. Cantu struck out swinging. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Lee flied out to center. Branyan homered to right, Wigginton and Norton scored. Navarro walked. Lugo homered to left center, Navarro scored. Britton pitching for Orioles. Crawford doubled to deep right center. Perez at shortstop. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Baldelli struck out swinging. 10 Runs, 10 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Patterson reached on infield single to first. Lopez grounded out to third, Patterson to second. Patterson to third on wild pitch by Switzer. Markakis walked. Williams pitching for Orioles. Roberts grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Wigginton grounded out to third. Norton walked. Cantu flied out to left. Lee tripled to deep right, Norton scored. Branyan doubled to deep left, Lee scored. Branyan to third on wild pitch by Williams. Chen pitching for Orioles. Navarro singled to left center, Branyan scored. Terrero hit for Fahey. Perez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Switzer pitching for Devil Rays. Terrero reached on infield single to third. Mora singled to left, Terrero to third. Lugo pitching for Devil Rays. Tejada walked, Mora to second. Conine hit sacrifice fly to left, Terrero scored. Millar walked, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Patterson singled to right, Mora scored, Tejada to third, Millar to second. Lopez singled to left, Tejada scored, Millar to third, Patterson to second. Harville pitching for Devil Rays. Markakis walked, Millar scored, Patterson to third, Lopez to second. Hernandez hit for Terrero. Roberts reached on infield single to first, Patterson scored, Lopez to third, Markakis to second. Hernandez grounded out to third, Lopez scored, Markakis to third, Roberts to second. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Mora singled to center, Markakis and Roberts scored. Tejada singled to right, Mora to second. Conine singled to left, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Hernandez at first base. Conine in left field. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Millar struck out looking. 9 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. Baldelli singled to left. Wigginton struck out swinging. Norton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Patterson singled to right. Patterson stole second. Lopez walked. Markakis reached on bunt single to third, Patterson to third, Lopez to second. Roberts flied out to center. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Cantu singled to left. Lee fouled out to third. Branyan flied out to center. Navarro walked, Cantu to second. Hollins in right field. Perez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Mora flied out to center. Tejada singled to center. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Tejada out at second. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Conine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 12 - Devil Rays 13.	Rays' 10-run fifth licks Orioles' nine-run seventh