Athletics - Top 1st. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Kendall grounded out to second. Kielty grounded out to first. Bradley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 1st. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Baldelli struck out swinging. Young grounded out to first. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Thomas homered to left. Payton fouled out to first. Chavez doubled to center. Swisher walked. Ellis walked, Chavez to third, Swisher to second. Scutaro flied out to center. Kendall hit by pitch, Chavez scored, Swisher to third, Ellis to second. Kielty grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Norton grounded out to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Navarro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Bradley singled to left. Thomas singled to center, Bradley to second. Payton flied out to right. Chavez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Witt grounded out to first. Upton struck out swinging. Zobrist singled to center. Baldelli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zobrist out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Swisher struck out looking. Ellis struck out swinging. Scutaro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 4th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Young singled to center. Crawford doubled to left, Young to third. Norton hit sacrifice fly to left, Young scored, Crawford to third. Wigginton singled to left, Crawford scored. Navarro lined out to center. Witt singled to left center, Wigginton scored, Witt to second advancing on throw. Upton doubled to right, Witt scored. Zobrist safe at first on error by third baseman Chavez, Upton to third. Baldelli struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Howell pitching for Devil Rays. Kendall struck out swinging. Kielty doubled to deep center. Camp pitching for Devil Rays. Bradley singled to right, Kielty to third. Thomas grounded out to second, Kielty scored, Bradley to second. Payton flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 5th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to shortstop. Crawford grounded out to first. Norton homered to right. Wigginton singled to center. Miceli pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wigginton out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Miceli pitching for Devil Rays. Chavez flied out to right. Swisher walked. Ellis reached on bunt single to third, Swisher to second. Scutaro singled to center, Swisher scored, Ellis to second. Johnson hit for Kielty. Kendall reached on infield single to first, Ellis to third, Scutaro to second. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to left, Ellis scored. Johnson at first base. Swisher in left field. Bradley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 6th. Loaiza pitching for Athletics. Witt struck out swinging. Upton singled to left. Zobrist walked, Upton to second. Upton stole third. Baldelli singled to center, Upton scored, Zobrist to second. Young singled to center, Zobrist to third, Baldelli to second. Halsey pitching for Athletics. Crawford singled to left, Zobrist scored, Baldelli to third, Young to second. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Norton popped out to shortstop. Wigginton walked, Baldelli scored, Young to third, Crawford to second. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Thomas grounded out to second. Payton grounded out to shortstop. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 7th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Witt doubled to deep center. Upton flied out to center. Zobrist tripled to deep right center, Witt scored. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Baldelli grounded out to third. Young grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Meadows pitching for Devil Rays. Swisher doubled to right. Ellis grounded out to shortstop, Swisher to third. Scutaro hit sacrifice fly to center, Swisher scored. Kendall grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Bottom 8th. Witasick pitching for Athletics. Crawford walked. Norton struck out looking. Crawford stole second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Perez at second base. Wigginton at first base. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Navarro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. McClung pitching for Devil Rays. Johnson walked. Bradley singled to right, Johnson to second. Thomas fouled out to first. Payton flied out to center. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 6 - Devil Rays 9.	Rays break out in sixth inning to cloud A's day