Rockies - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Gonzalez singled to right center. Hocking grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Helton flied out to left, Hocking out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Vidro popped out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Castilla flied out to right. Burnitz struck out swinging. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson doubled to deep center. Batista walked. Sledge sacrificed to third, Wilkerson to third, Batista to second. Rivera doubled to center, Wilkerson and Batista scored. Schneider struck out looking. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Hawpe grounded out to second. Greene struck out swinging. Elarton lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Chavez flied out to center. Vidro lined out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Gonzalez bunt grounded out to first. Hocking popped out to second. Helton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson grounded out to third. Batista singled to right. Sledge hit ground rule double to deep center, Batista to third. Rivera intentionally walked. Schneider popped out to second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Castilla grounded out to shortstop. Burnitz grounded out to first. Holliday struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Elarton pitching for Rockies. Chavez singled to center. Chavez stole second. Vidro flied out to left, Chavez to third. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chavez out at home. Wilkerson reached on infield single to pitcher, Cabrera to second. Batista popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Hawpe tripled to deep center. Miles hit for Elarton. Greene grounded out to second, Hawpe scored. Miles popped out to shortstop. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Sledge struck out swinging. Rivera walked. Schneider fouled out to catcher. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Hocking struck out looking. Helton doubled to left. Castilla popped out to first. Burnitz intentionally walked. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Fassero pitching for Rockies. Chavez singled to center. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Chavez out at second. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Hawpe grounded out to catcher. Sweeney hit for Fassero. Greene grounded out to third. Reed pitching for Rockies. Sweeney fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Reed pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson walked. Batista sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilkerson to second, Wilkerson to third, Batista to first on throwing error by pitcher Reed. Sledge singled to right, Wilkerson scored, Batista to third. Rivera grounded out to third, Sledge to second. Schneider intentionally walked. Hernandez grounded out to, Schneider out at second, Hernandez to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. Hocking flied out to center. Helton singled to right. Clayton ran for Castilla. Castilla doubled to left, Helton to third. Burnitz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Expos 3.	Hernandez throws Expos' first complete game