Giants - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Tucker struck out looking. Alfonzo grounded out to catcher. Grissom popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Giants. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Vidro lined out to left. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Bonds struck out looking. Feliz lined out to second. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Rivera struck out swinging. Sledge singled to left. Batista grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Snow popped out to shortstop. Perez singled to center. Tomko sacrificed to pitcher, Perez to second. Tucker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Giants. Schneider singled to right. Hernandez sacrificed to first, Schneider to second. Chavez singled to right center, Schneider scored. Vidro lined out to center. Cabrera grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Alfonzo grounded out to first. Grissom struck out swinging. Bonds reached on infield single to pitcher. Feliz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bonds out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Sledge popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop. Snow fouled out to first. Perez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Batista grounded out to third. Schneider flied out to left. Hernandez doubled to deep center. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Tomko singled to center. Tucker grounded out to second, Tomko to second. Alfonzo grounded out to second. Grissom flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Tomko pitching for Giants. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Alfonzo. Wilkerson flied out to right. Rivera walked, Cabrera to second. Sledge singled to left, Cabrera scored, Rivera to second. Franklin pitching for Giants. Batista singled to left, Rivera scored, Sledge to second. Schneider grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Expos. Bonds walked. Feliz singled to left, Bonds to second. Pierzynski struck out swinging. Snow singled to right, Bonds to third, Feliz to second. Hammonds hit for Franklin. Ayala pitching for Expos. Perez reached on infield single to shortstop, Bonds scored, Feliz to third, Snow to second. Hammonds hit by pitch, Feliz scored, Snow to third, Perez to second. Tucker lined out to second. Alfonzo singled to right, Snow and Perez scored, Hammonds to third, Alfonzo to second on throwing error by right fielder Rivera. Grissom doubled to deep right, Hammonds and Alfonzo scored. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Carroll hit for Ayala. Bonds grounded out to shortstop. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 7th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Carroll struck out swinging. Chavez doubled to left center. Vidro grounded out to shortstop, Chavez to third. Cabrera singled to left, Chavez scored. Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Christiansen. Tucker pitching for Expos. Wilkerson popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Feliz fouled out to right. Pierzynski hit by pitch. Snow lined out to center. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Perez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Giants. Rivera safe at first on error by pitcher Rodriguez. Sledge singled to left, Rivera to second. Eyre pitching for Giants. Batista sacrificed to pitcher, Rivera to third, Sledge to second. Pascucci hit for Tucker. Schneider grounded out to first, Rivera scored, Sledge to third. Cordero pitching for Expos. Cruz hit for Eyre. Pascucci struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Expos. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Tucker walked. Alfonzo flied out to left. Herges pitching for Giants. Grissom grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 9th. Herges pitching for Giants. Chavez singled to center. Vidro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Expos 5.	Bonds' walk gets Giants' winning rally started