Expos - Top 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Chavez struck out swinging. Carroll singled to center. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carroll out at second. Batista doubled to deep center, Vidro to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Downs pitching for Expos. Furcal walked. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to second, Furcal out at second. Drew singled to right, Giles tagged out at third. Jones tripled to deep right center, Drew scored. Franco walked. Jones walked, Franco to second. Marrero homered to left, Jones, Franco and Jones scored. Perez lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Rivera singled to left center. Sledge doubled to deep right center, Rivera tagged out at home. Diaz singled to center, Sledge to third. Downs sacrificed to pitcher, Diaz to second. Chavez singled to center, Sledge scored, Diaz tagged out at home. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Downs pitching for Expos. Thomson fouled out to right. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Carroll grounded out to third. Vidro walked. Batista homered to left, Vidro scored. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Downs pitching for Expos. Drew reached on infield single to second. Jones homered to left, Drew scored. Franco singled to center. Franco to second on wild pitch by Downs. Kim pitching for Expos. Jones reached on infield single to third. Marrero walked, Franco to third, Jones to second. Perez hit by pitch, Franco scored, Jones to third, Marrero to second. Thomson singled to left, Jones scored, Marrero to third, Perez to second. Furcal singled to left, Marrero scored, Perez to third, Thomson to second. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at home, Thomson to third, Furcal to second. Drew walked, Thomson scored, Furcal to third, Giles to second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Sledge grounded out to first. Cabrera hit for Kim. Diaz struck out swinging. Vargas pitching for Expos. Cabrera lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Franco struck out looking. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Marrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Chavez singled to center. Carroll grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. Mateo at second base. Vidro struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Expos. Perez flied out to center. Thomson singled to right. Furcal singled to center, Thomson to second, Thomson scored, Furcal to third on error by center fielder Chavez. Giles hit sacrifice fly to right, Furcal scored. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Marrero in right field. Thomas in left field. Drew struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Top 6th. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Batista grounded out to third. Johnson singled to right center. Rivera singled to right, Johnson to second. Sledge walked, Johnson to third, Rivera to second. Wilkerson hit for Vargas. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson scored, Sledge out at second, Rivera to third. Bentz pitching for Expos. Wilkerson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Diaz out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Bentz pitching for Expos. Jones singled to left. Franco lined out to left. Jones walked, Jones to second. Marrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second, Jones to third. Derosa at shortstop. Cruz pitching for Braves. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Cruz pitching for Braves. Chavez grounded out to second. Carroll walked. Mateo struck out looking. Batista grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Bentz pitching for Expos. Thomas struck out swinging. Derosa walked. Green hit for Cruz. Giles walked, Derosa to second. Green singled to center, Derosa to third, Giles to second. Jones walked, Derosa scored, Giles to third, Green to second. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giles scored, Jones out at second, Green to third, Franco to first, Green scored on throwing error by second baseman Mateo. Green at third base. McConnell pitching for Braves. Jones grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Expos - Top 8th. McConnell pitching for Braves. Johnson grounded out to second. Rivera grounded out to third. Sledge singled to left. Tucker pitching for Expos. Diaz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sledge out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Marrero reached on infield single to third. Perez fouled out to first. Thomas struck out swinging. Derosa singled to left, Marrero to second. Drew pitching for Braves. Schneider hit for Tucker. Giles grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Derosa out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Drew pitching for Braves. Schneider lined out to center. Chavez walked. Carroll singled to center, Chavez to second. Mateo reached on infield single to catcher, Chavez to third, Carroll to second, Chavez scored, Carroll to third, Mateo to second on throwing error by catcher Perez. Batista fouled out to first. Johnson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 5 - Braves 16.	Marrero's slam starts Braves' rout of Expos