Mets - Top 1st. Patterson pitching for Expos. Reyes struck out swinging. Matsui doubled to left. Floyd struck out swinging. Hidalgo homered to left center, Matsui scored. Wigginton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Erickson pitching for Mets. Wilkerson walked. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilkerson safe at third on error by first baseman Wigginton. Vidro grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilkerson out at home, Chavez to third, Vidro to second. Batista singled to right, Chavez scored, Vidro to third. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Batista out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 2nd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Cameron struck out swinging. Wright homered to center. Wilson singled to center. Erickson bunt popped out to pitcher. Reyes flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Erickson pitching for Mets. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Calloway singled to center. Calloway to second on wild pitch by Erickson. Schneider walked. Patterson bunted into double play, catcher to third to first, Calloway out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Matsui lined out to first. Floyd grounded out to second. Hidalgo singled to left. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Erickson pitching for Mets. Wilkerson doubled to deep right. Chavez singled to right, Wilkerson to third. Vidro homered to right, Wilkerson and Chavez scored. Batista walked. Johnson singled to center, Batista to second. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Cabrera doubled to deep left, Batista scored, Johnson to third. Calloway struck out swinging. Schneider intentionally walked. Patterson struck out swinging. Wilkerson singled to center, Johnson and Cabrera scored, Schneider to third, Schneider scored, Wilkerson to third on throwing error by center fielder Cameron. Chavez walked. Chavez to second on wild pitch by Wheeler. Vidro struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 4th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Cameron homered to left. Wright flied out to left. Wilson walked. Wheeler sacrificed to pitcher, Wilson to second. Reyes flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Batista singled to left. Johnson walked, Batista to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Batista and Johnson scored. Calloway homered to right, Cabrera scored. Schneider walked. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Patterson bunted into fielder's choice to first, Schneider out at second. Wilkerson singled to right, Patterson to second. Chavez flied out to center. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Matsui struck out swinging. Floyd struck out swinging. Hidalgo homered to center. Wigginton doubled to left. Kim pitching for Expos. Cameron walked. Wright fouled out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Batista grounded out to third. Johnson grounded out to first. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. McEwing hit for Bottalico. Kim pitching for Expos. Wilson singled to left. McEwing reached on infield single to shortstop, Wilson to second. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to second, McEwing out at second, Wilson to third. Horgan pitching for Expos. Matsui singled to left, Wilson scored, Reyes to second. Reyes stole third. Floyd grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes scored, Matsui out at second. Yates pitching for Mets. Hidalgo grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Yates pitching for Mets. Calloway grounded out to first. Rivera hit for Horgan. Schneider singled to right center. Tucker pitching for Expos. Rivera in right field. Rivera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Wigginton doubled to left. Cameron lined out to right. Wright flied out to left. Valent hit for Yates. Ayala pitching for Expos. Wilson singled to left, Wigginton scored, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Franco pitching for Mets. Valent struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Franco pitching for Mets. Wilkerson flied out to center. Chavez flied out to left. Vidro walked. Batista homered to left, Vidro scored. Stanton pitching for Mets. NY Mets's Franco ejected by Wolf in the 7th. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Reyes grounded out to pitcher. Matsui flied out to center. Floyd doubled to deep left. Zeile pitching for Mets. Carroll hit for Ayala. Hidalgo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Zeile pitching for Mets. Carroll walked. Schneider singled to right, Carroll to second. Rivera singled to center, Carroll scored, Schneider to second. Wilkerson lined out to shortstop. Chavez doubled to left, Schneider scored, Rivera to third. Vidro walked. Batista doubled to deep left, Rivera, Chavez and Vidro scored. Johnson flied out to center. Corcoran pitching for Expos. Carroll at second base. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Corcoran pitching for Expos. Wigginton walked. Cameron flied out to left. Wright walked, Wigginton to second. Wilson singled to right, Wigginton to third, Wright to second. Zeile struck out swinging. Reyes singled to center, Wigginton and Wright scored, Wilson to second. Matsui flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 10 - Expos 19.	Batista's big bat: Expo has 4 hits in rout of Mets