Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Patterson pitching for Expos. McCracken flied out to left. Green singled to center. Tracy struck out swinging. Green caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hillenbrand batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson singled to left. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wilkerson out at second. Vidro grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Chavez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. Bautista singled to center. Cintron struck out looking. Terrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Batista grounded out to third. Sledge grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Hill popped out to shortstop. Webb struck out looking. McCracken singled to left. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Schneider grounded out to second. Patterson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Tracy flied out to right. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Bautista grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson singled to right. Chavez singled to center, Wilkerson to third. Vidro singled to center, Wilkerson scored, Chavez to third. Batista grounded out to third, Chavez scored, Vidro to second. Sledge grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Johnson walked, Vidro to third, Gonzalez to second. Schneider homered to right, Vidro, Gonzalez and Johnson scored. Patterson struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Mateo at second base. Patterson pitching for Expos. Cintron struck out swinging. Terrero flied out to center. Hill grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson walked. Chavez lined out to right. Mateo reached on infield single to second, Wilkerson to second. Batista grounded into double play, third to second to first, Mateo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Webb struck out swinging. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Sledge doubled to deep left center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Johnson doubled to deep right center, Sledge scored. Schneider intentionally walked. Johnson to third, Schneider to second on wild pitch by Webb. Patterson struck out swinging. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson walked. Chavez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Tracy singled to right. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Bautista reached on infield single to third, Tracy to second. Cintron flied out to left. Terrero singled to center, Tracy scored, Bautista to second. Baerga hit for Randolph. Eischen pitching for Expos. Hill walked, Bautista to third, Terrero to second. Bautista scored, Terrero to third, Hill to second on passed ball by Schneider. Baerga singled to left, Terrero scored, Hill to third. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to second, Baerga out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Mateo flied out to right. Batista grounded out to shortstop. Sledge grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Green grounded out to shortstop. Tucker pitching for Expos. Tracy struck out swinging. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Dessens pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez flied out to right. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Schneider flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Bautista reached on infield single to shortstop. Cintron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bautista out at second. Terrero grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Expos 7.	Expos dump D-backs for fourth straight win