Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Biddle pitching for Expos. McCracken reached on infield single to shortstop. McCracken caught stealing second, catcher to second. Terrero struck out swinging. Tracy lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson singled to center. Chavez reached on bunt single to third, Wilkerson to second. Wilkerson stole third. Batista homered to center, Wilkerson and Chavez scored. Johnson walked. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Sledge doubled to right. Schneider lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Biddle pitching for Expos. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Bautista grounded out to shortstop. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll singled to left. Biddle sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to second. Wilkerson walked. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at second, Carroll to third. Batista doubled to center, Carroll scored, Chavez to third. Johnson doubled to center, Chavez and Batista scored. Gonzalez flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Biddle pitching for Expos. Hairston grounded out to third. Hill lined out to center. Cormier grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Sledge flied out to center. Schneider lined out to right. Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop. Biddle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Biddle pitching for Expos. McCracken singled to shallow left. Terrero doubled to left, McCracken to third. Tracy singled to right center, McCracken scored, Terrero to third. Hillenbrand singled to left, Terrero scored, Tracy to second. Vargas pitching for Expos. Bautista singled to center, Tracy scored, Hillenbrand to third. Cintron singled to center, Hillenbrand scored, Bautista to second. Hairston flied out to center, Bautista to third, Cintron to second. Hill grounded out to first, Bautista scored, Cintron to third. Cormier grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson doubled to deep right. Rivera singled to right, Wilkerson to third. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Batista walked, Rivera to second. Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher, Wilkerson scored, Rivera to third, Batista to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sledge struck out looking. Schneider struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Expos. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Terrero singled to right. Tracy singled to left, Terrero to second. Ayala pitching for Expos. Hillenbrand hit into fielder's choice to right, Tracy out at second, Terrero to third. Bautista lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll flied out to center. Ayala flied out to left. Wilkerson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Cintron flied out to left. Hairston struck out swinging. Hill grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera flied out to center. Batista flied out to left. Green hit for Randolph. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Green struck out swinging. McCracken singled to center. Horgan pitching for Expos. Terrero grounded out to shortstop, McCracken to second. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Fetters pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Sledge walked. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sledge out at second. Schneider to second on wild pitch by Fetters. Calloway hit for Horgan. Carroll walked. Cordero pitching for Expos. Calloway grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Cordero pitching for Expos. Hillenbrand singled to deep left, Hillenbrand thrown out at second. Bautista grounded out to second. Tracy at first base. Olson at third base. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. Nance pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson singled to deep right, Wilkerson thrown out at second. Rivera reached on infield single to third. Batista grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rivera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Cordero pitching for Expos. Hairston struck out swinging. Baerga hit for Nance. Hill grounded out to pitcher. Baerga flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Expos 7.	Victory is sweep for Expos vs. Diamondbacks