Expos - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson walked. Chavez flied out to center. Batista popped out to shortstop. Wilkerson stole second. Rivera reached on infield single to pitcher, Wilkerson to third. Church singled to right, Wilkerson scored, Rivera to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Rivera scored, Church to third. Schneider grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Patterson pitching for Expos. Miles lined out to left. Clayton struck out swinging. Helton lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Carroll walked. Patterson sacrificed to catcher, Carroll to second. Wilkerson walked. Chavez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carroll out at third, Wilkerson to second. Batista popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Burnitz flied out to center. Holliday homered to right. Closser singled to center. Piedra flied out to right. Pellow singled to center, Closser to third. Jennings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Rivera struck out swinging. Church singled to center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Schneider singled to left, Church to second. Church to third, Schneider to second on wild pitch by Jennings. Carroll struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Patterson pitching for Expos. Miles grounded out to second. Clayton walked. Helton struck out swinging. Burnitz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Patterson singled to left. Wilkerson walked, Patterson to second. Chavez bunted into fielder's choice to third, Patterson out at third, Wilkerson to second. Batista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilkerson out at third, Chavez to second. Rivera singled to center, Chavez scored, Batista to third, Rivera to second advancing on throw. Church intentionally walked. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Holliday popped out to second. Closser grounded out to second. Piedra walked. Pellow popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Schneider walked. Carroll struck out looking. Patterson sacrificed to first, Schneider to second. Wilkerson singled to right, Schneider scored, Wilkerson thrown out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Jennings singled to right. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Jennings out at second. Clayton grounded out to third, Miles to second. Gissell pitching for Rockies. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 6th. Gissell pitching for Rockies. Chavez lined out to left. Batista popped out to shortstop. Rivera homered to center. Church flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Patterson pitching for Expos. Burnitz popped out to third. Holliday lined out to shortstop. Closser lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 7th. Gissell pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez struck out looking. Schneider singled to right. Calloway hit for Patterson. Carroll flied out to left. Ayala pitching for Expos. Calloway grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ayala pitching for Expos. Piedra grounded out to second. Sweeney hit for Gissell. Pellow grounded out to third. Sweeney homered to right. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Miles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Wilkerson flied out to center. Chavez singled to left. Batista singled to left, Chavez to second. Rivera singled to right, Chavez to third, Batista to second. Church reached on infield single to pitcher, Chavez scored, Batista to third, Rivera to third, Batista and Rivera scored on throwing error by pitcher Fuentes. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Schneider walked. Carroll lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Horgan pitching for Expos. Clayton walked. Helton struck out swinging. Burnitz singled to right, Clayton to second. Holliday singled to left, Clayton thrown out at home, Burnitz to second. Mateo hit for Horgan. Closser flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Top 9th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Mateo grounded out to second. Wilkerson flied out to right. Tucker pitching for Expos. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Piedra doubled to deep right. Johnson hit for Dohmann. Pellow grounded out to second, Piedra to third. Johnson hit by pitch. Miles grounded out to pitcher, Johnson to second. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Expos 8 - Rockies 2.	Expos rely on Patterson of normally quiet arm