Padres - Top 1st. Downs pitching for Expos. Guzman walked. Loretta lined into double play, third to first, Guzman doubled off first. Giles grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 1st. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Wilkerson homered to left. Chavez singled to center. Batista fouled out to first. Rivera singled to center, Chavez to second. Sledge grounded out to first, Chavez to third, Rivera to second. Schneider grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Downs pitching for Expos. Nevin grounded out to pitcher. Aurilia grounded out to shortstop. Greene struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Carroll walked. Izturis singled to center, Carroll to second, Carroll to third on error by center fielder Guzman. Carroll scored, Izturis to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Downs grounded out to second, Izturis to third. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Chavez walked. Chavez stole second. Batista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Downs pitching for Expos. Hernandez doubled to deep right. Payton walked. Tankersley sacrificed to first, Hernandez to third, Payton to second. Guzman hit by pitch. Loretta grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. Sledge grounded out to second. Schneider grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Downs pitching for Expos. Giles grounded out to second. Nevin flied out to right. Aurilia singled to center. Greene singled to left center, Aurilia to second. Hernandez walked, Aurilia to third, Greene to second. Payton walked, Aurilia scored, Greene to third, Hernandez to second. Tankersley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Carroll grounded out to third. Izturis grounded out to first. Downs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Downs pitching for Expos. Guzman flied out to center. Loretta lined out to third. Giles reached on bunt single to third. Nevin grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Wilkerson flied out to center. Chavez singled to right. Batista homered to left, Chavez scored. Rivera flied out to right. Sledge struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Downs pitching for Expos. Aurilia flied out to center. Greene flied out to center. Hernandez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 6th. Tankersley pitching for Padres. Schneider struck out swinging. Carroll reached on infield single to third, Carroll to second on throwing error by third baseman Aurilia. Izturis walked. Stone pitching for Padres. Burroughs at third base. Downs reached on bunt single to pitcher, Carroll to third, Izturis to second. Wilkerson doubled to right, Carroll and Izturis scored, Downs to third. Chavez singled to center, Downs and Wilkerson scored, Chavez thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. Batista singled to center. Rivera singled to left, Batista to second. Sledge walked, Batista to third, Rivera to second. Schneider lined out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 7th. Downs pitching for Expos. Payton homered to left. Burroughs grounded out to first. Guzman reached on infield single to third. Loretta singled to center, Guzman to second. Giles struck out swinging. Guzman to third on fielder's indifference. Quintero hit for Stone. Nevin reached on infield single to shortstop, Loretta to second, Guzman scored, Loretta to second. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Quintero flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Carroll popped out to second. Tucker hit for Downs. Izturis struck out swinging. Tucker pitching for Expos. Tucker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Greene grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to second. McLeary pitching for Padres. Payton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 8th. McLeary pitching for Padres. Wilkerson grounded out to first. Chavez struck out swinging. Batista lined out to left. Rivera batting. Sledge batting. Schneider batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Eischen pitching for Expos. Burroughs grounded out to shortstop. Guzman lined out to third. Loretta grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Expos 8.	Padres' Downs-er: Expos end streak