Padres - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Expos. Guzman singled to center. Loretta grounded out to shortstop, Guzman to third. Giles grounded out to shortstop, Guzman scored. Nevin singled to center. Klesko homered to center, Nevin scored. Burroughs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Padres. Wilkerson fouled out to third. Chavez grounded out to shortstop. Batista doubled to deep center. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Expos. Greene struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to third. Wells grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Padres. Sledge singled to right. Mateo popped out to second. Schneider singled to center, Sledge to third. Izturis grounded out to pitcher, Sledge scored, Schneider to second. Kim grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Expos. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Loretta singled to center. Giles singled to left, Loretta to second. Nevin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Padres. Wilkerson reached on infield single to second. Chavez flied out to right. Batista flied out to left. Rivera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Expos. Klesko singled to center. Burroughs grounded out to second, Klesko to second. Greene walked. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Greene out at second, Klesko to third. Wells singled to right, Klesko scored, Hernandez to second. Guzman flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Padres. Sledge bunt grounded out to pitcher. Mateo doubled to deep center. Schneider grounded out to first, Mateo to third. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Expos. Loretta doubled to deep center. Giles doubled to deep center, Loretta scored. Eischen pitching for Expos. Nevin walked. Giles stole third. Klesko struck out swinging. Burroughs grounded into fielder's choice to second, Giles scored, Nevin out at second. Greene homered to left, Burroughs scored. Hernandez grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Padres. Eischen singled to center. Wilkerson struck out looking. Chavez doubled to deep left center, Eischen scored. Batista popped out to shortstop. Tucker pitching for Expos. Rivera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Wells safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Mateo. Guzman grounded out to first, Wells to second. Loretta lined into double play, to third, Wells doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Padres. Sledge doubled to deep left. Mateo grounded out to pitcher, Sledge to third. Schneider grounded out to second, Sledge scored. Izturis grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Tucker pitching for Expos. Giles grounded out to third. Nevin struck out swinging. Payton in left field. Klesko grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Expos - Bottom 7th. Wells pitching for Padres. Tucker struck out swinging. Wilkerson flied out to center. Majewski pitching for Expos. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Majewski pitching for Expos. Burroughs hit by pitch. Greene flied out to center. Long hit for Wells. Hernandez singled to right, Burroughs to second. Long doubled to left, Burroughs scored, Hernandez to third. Guzman struck out swinging. Loretta safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Izturis, Hernandez and Long scored. Giles singled to center, Loretta to second. Neal pitching for Padres. Hansen at first base. Nevin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giles out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 8th. Neal pitching for Padres. Batista flied out to center. Rivera singled to center. Sledge grounded out to first, Rivera to second. Mateo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Majewski pitching for Expos. Payton flied out to right. Burroughs lined out to center. Greene reached on infield single to third, Greene to second on error by third baseman Batista. Watkins pitching for Padres. Hernandez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Expos - Bottom 9th. Watkins pitching for Padres. Schneider grounded out to second. Carroll hit for Majewski. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Carroll singled to right. Diaz ran for Wilkerson. Wilkerson hit by pitch, Carroll to second. Chavez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 11 - Expos 3.	Wells pitches Padres into wild-card tie