Angels - Top 1st. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Figgins grounded out to second. Kendrick struck out swinging. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Moseley pitching for Angels. Span struck out looking. Harris grounded out to second. Morneau walked. Kubel doubled to deep center, Morneau scored. Cuddyer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Abreu lined out to left. Hunter doubled to deep right center. Morales flied out to left. Napoli walked. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Buscher flied out to center. Crede flied out to center. Redmond singled to center. Punto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Aybar grounded out to second. Figgins grounded out to second. Kendrick reached on bunt single to pitcher. Izturis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Moseley pitching for Angels. Span flied out to center. Harris homered to left. Morneau grounded out to second. Kubel singled to right center. Cuddyer doubled to deep right, Kubel thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Abreu flied out to left. Hunter popped out to second. Morales singled to left. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Speier pitching for Angels. Buscher struck out swinging. Crede popped out to second. Redmond flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Rivera singled to center. Aybar singled to center, Rivera to second. Figgins singled to right, Rivera to third, Aybar to second. Kendrick singled to center, Rivera and Aybar scored, Figgins to third, Kendrick to second advancing on throw. Izturis grounded out to second, Figgins scored, Kendrick to third. Abreu intentionally walked. Hunter popped out to shortstop. Abreu stole second. Morales popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Speier pitching for Angels. Punto struck out looking. Span struck out looking. Harris struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Napoli lined out to first. Rivera struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Morneau flied out to center. Kubel tripled to deep right. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. Buscher walked. Crede singled to left, Kubel scored, Buscher to second. Redmond grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crede out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Blackburn pitching for Twins. Figgins singled to center. Figgins stole second. Kendrick sacrificed to pitcher, Figgins to third. Crain pitching for Twins. Izturis popped out to shortstop. Abreu intentionally walked. Abreu stole second. Hunter walked. Morales singled to right, Figgins and Abreu scored, Hunter to third. Napoli singled to center, Hunter scored, Morales to second, Morales to third on error by center fielder Span. Rivera walked, Napoli to second. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Aybar singled to right, Morales and Napoli scored, Rivera to second. Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop, Rivera to third, Aybar to second. Kendrick grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Punto singled to left center. Span reached on infield single to pitcher, Punto to second, Punto to third, Span to second on throwing error by pitcher Rodriguez. Harris hit sacrifice fly to center, Punto scored, Span to third. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Morneau flied out to left. Kubel struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Izturis struck out swinging, Izturis safe at first on wild pitch by Guerrier. Izturis stole second. Abreu grounded out to first, Izturis to third. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to right, Izturis scored. Morales struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Cuddyer reached on infield single to shortstop. Buscher struck out swinging. Cuddyer stole second. Cuddyer to third on wild pitch by Arredondo. Crede walked. Shields pitching for Angels. Redmond singled to shallow right, Cuddyer scored, Crede to second. Morales ran for Redmond. Punto walked, Crede to third, Morales to second. Span doubled to deep center, Crede and Morales scored, Punto to third. Bulger pitching for Angels. Harris struck out looking. Morneau intentionally walked. Kubel homered to right, Punto, Span and Morneau scored. Cuddyer popped out to second. 7 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Span in left field. Casilla at second base. Gomez in center field. Morales catching. Nathan pitching for Twins. Napoli struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to second. Aybar flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Twins 11.	Kubel's cycle, slam sting Angels