Mariners - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Sweeney flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Span doubled to left. Tolbert walked. Span to third, Tolbert to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Mauer doubled to right, Span and Tolbert scored. Morneau walked. Kubel grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morneau out at second, Mauer to third. Cuddyer grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. Balentien struck out swinging. Branyan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Buscher struck out looking. Young grounded out to pitcher. Harris grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Twins. Johjima flied out to right. Gutierrez popped out to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Span walked. Span caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Tolbert struck out swinging. Mauer homered to left center. Morneau homered to right. Kubel flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Suzuki hit by pitch. Lopez flied out to center. Sweeney homered to left center, Suzuki scored. Beltre singled to center. Beltre stole second. Balentien struck out swinging. Branyan walked. Johjima singled to left, Beltre scored, Branyan to second. Gutierrez walked, Branyan to third, Johjima to second. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer singled to right. Buscher singled to left center, Cuddyer to second. Young flied out to center, Cuddyer to third. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer scored, Buscher safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Beltre, Harris safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Be. Span hit sacrifice fly to left, Buscher scored. Tolbert grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Twins. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Lopez doubled to deep left, Suzuki scored. Sweeney struck out looking. Beltre doubled to deep center, Lopez scored. Beltre caught stealing third, catcher to third. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. White pitching for Mariners. Mauer walked. Morneau singled to left, Mauer to second. Kubel struck out swinging. Cuddyer homered to left, Mauer and Morneau scored. Buscher grounded out to first. Young grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Ayala pitching for Twins. Branyan singled to right. Johjima grounded out to third, Branyan to second. Gutierrez walked. Betancourt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Stark pitching for Mariners. Harris safe at first on error by third baseman Beltre. Span popped out to third. Tolbert struck out swinging. Mauer walked, Harris to second. Morneau walked, Harris to third, Mauer to second. Kubel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Twins. Suzuki flied out to right. Lopez fouled out to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Buscher walked. Young struck out swinging. Harris struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Span in left field. Gomez in center field. Guerrier pitching for Twins. Beltre homered to left. Balentien grounded out to shortstop. Branyan struck out looking. Johjima reached on infield single to third. Gutierrez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Batista pitching for Mariners. Span struck out looking. Tolbert struck out swinging. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Betancourt popped out to second. Suzuki singled to center. Lopez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Twins 9.	Mauer, Morneau HRs help Twins past Mariners