Indians - Top 1st. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Francisco grounded out to shortstop. Carroll flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Lee pitching for Indians. Span singled to center. Mauer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Span out at second. Morneau lined into double play, center to first, Mauer doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Choo flied out to left. Peralta reached on infield single to second. DeRosa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. Garko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Lee pitching for Indians. Crede struck out swinging. Kubel grounded out to first. Harris walked. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Valbuena struck out swinging. Shoppach grounded out to shortstop. Francisco singled to center. Carroll singled to center, Francisco to second. Martinez singled to center, Francisco scored, Carroll to third. Choo singled to center, Carroll scored, Martinez to second. Peralta homered to center, Martinez and Choo scored. DeRosa singled to right. Garko grounded out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Lee pitching for Indians. Gomez struck out bunting foul. Casilla lined out to right. Span singled to right. Mauer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Valbuena popped out to shortstop. Shoppach flied out to center. Francisco doubled to deep left. Carroll singled to right, Francisco scored, Carroll to second advancing on throw. Martinez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Lee pitching for Indians. Morneau grounded out to first. Crede flied out to left. Kubel singled to right. Harris grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kubel out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Choo grounded out to second. Peralta struck out swinging. DeRosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Lee pitching for Indians. Young singled to right. Gomez flied out to right. Casilla grounded out to shortstop, Young to second. Span grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Garko hit by pitch. Valbuena struck out looking. Shoppach hit by pitch, Garko to second. Francisco struck out looking. Carroll lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Lee pitching for Indians. Mauer singled to left. Morneau grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. Crede flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Ayala pitching for Twins. Martinez flied out to right. Choo struck out looking. Peralta reached on infield single to third. DeRosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Lee pitching for Indians. Kubel hit by pitch. Harris singled to center, Kubel to second. Young grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Harris out at second, Kubel to third. Gomez singled to center, Kubel scored. Casilla safe at first on error by pitcher Lee, Gomez to second. Span struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Ayala pitching for Twins. Garko singled to center. Valbuena grounded into fielder's choice to center, Garko safe at second on error by second baseman Casilla. Shoppach hit by pitch, Garko to third, Valbuena to second. Francisco hit sacrifice fly to left, Garko scored. Carroll struck out looking. Martinez doubled to deep right center, Valbuena scored, Shoppach to third. Crain pitching for Twins. Choo walked. Peralta popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Lee pitching for Indians. Mauer flied out to center. Morneau grounded out to first. Crede struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. DeRosa singled to right. Garko struck out swinging. Valbuena reached on infield single to second, DeRosa to second. Shoppach doubled to deep left, DeRosa and Valbuena scored. Francisco grounded out to second, Shoppach to third. Carroll struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Gimenez at first base. Perez pitching for Indians. Tolbert hit for Kubel. Tolbert walked. Harris grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tolbert out at second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 10 - Twins 1.	Lee, Indians handle Twins