Angels - Top 1st. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Figgins flied out to center. Izturis grounded out to shortstop. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Span grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to second. Mauer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Rivera singled to left. Morales flied out to right. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rivera safe at second on error by third baseman Crede. Aybar flied out to left. Matthews doubled to deep right center, Rivera and Napoli scored, Matthews out stretching at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Morneau grounded out to second. Crede grounded out to shortstop. Young singled to center. Redmond doubled to deep right center, Young scored. Gomez tripled to deep center, Redmond scored. Punto grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to center. Figgins singled to left, Rodriguez to third. Izturis singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Figgins to third. Abreu singled to right, Figgins scored, Izturis to second. Rivera flied out to center. Morales singled to left, Izturis scored, Abreu to second. Napoli grounded into double play, third to second to first, Morales out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Span reached on bunt single to pitcher. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Span to third. Mauer grounded out to second, Span scored, Cabrera to third. Morneau singled to center, Cabrera scored. Crede fouled out to first. Young flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Swarzak pitching for Twins. Aybar tripled to deep right center. Matthews singled to right, Aybar scored. Dickey pitching for Twins. Rodriguez popped out to shortstop. Matthews stole second. Figgins walked. Izturis fouled out to first. Abreu walked, Matthews to third, Figgins to second. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Redmond walked. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Redmond out at second. Punto struck out swinging. Gomez stole second. Span fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Morales grounded out to first. Napoli doubled to center. Aybar grounded out to first, Napoli to third. Matthews struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Mauer grounded out to second. Morneau singled to center. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Twins. Rodriguez singled to left. Figgins walked. Izturis homered to right, Rodriguez and Figgins scored. Abreu lined out to left. Keppel pitching for Twins. Rivera homered to left center. Morales homered to right. Napoli singled to center. Aybar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Napoli out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Young grounded out to third. Redmond singled to left. Gomez struck out looking. Punto singled to center, Redmond to second. Span lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Keppel pitching for Twins. Matthews struck out swinging. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Figgins reached on infield single to third. Izturis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Palmer pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Mauer flied out to left. Morneau homered to right. Crede singled to center. Young struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Keppel pitching for Twins. Abreu grounded out to second. Rivera flied out to center. Morales walked. Napoli singled to left, Morales to second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Willits in right field. Palmer pitching for Angels. Redmond flied out to right. Gomez grounded out to shortstop. Punto singled to right. Span reached on infield single to first, Punto to second. Cabrera singled to right, Punto scored, Span to third. Loux pitching for Angels. Mauer flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Crain pitching for Twins. Matthews reached on infield single to second. Rodriguez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Matthews out at second. Figgins grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Loux pitching for Angels. Morneau grounded out to shortstop. Crede popped out to second. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 11 - Twins 6.	Angels' five-run inning spoils Cabrera's debut