Blue Jays - Top 1st. Fister pitching for Tigers. Reyes grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera lined out to left. Bautista doubled to right. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson grounded out to third. Hunter flied out to center. Cabrera walked. Fielder walked, Cabrera to second. Cabrera stole third. Martinez singled to left center, Cabrera scored, Fielder to second. Fielder to third, Martinez to second on wild pitch by Johnson. Dirks struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Arencibia fouled out to catcher. Davis hit by pitch. Davis stole second. Rasmus singled to left, Davis to third. DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to right, Davis scored. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rasmus out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Johnson pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta singled to center. Avila singled to right, Peralta to third. Infante hit sacrifice fly to left, Peralta scored, Avila to second. Jackson singled to right center, Avila scored, Jackson to second advancing on throw. Hunter singled to right, Jackson scored. Cabrera tripled to deep right center, Hunter scored. Fielder singled to center, Cabrera scored. Gonzalez pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez flied out to center. Dirks struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Fister pitching for Tigers. Reyes walked. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Reyes to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at third, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion singled to left, Cabrera thrown out at home, Bautista to second. Arencibia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta fouled out to first. Avila grounded out to second. Infante flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Davis singled to left. Rasmus grounded out to second, Davis to second. DeRosa struck out swinging. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to right. Hunter popped out to third. Cabrera grounded out to third, Jackson to second. Fielder walked. Martinez walked, Jackson to third, Fielder to second. Dirks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Reyes singled to center. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop, Reyes to second. Bautista grounded out to third. Encarnacion fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta walked. Avila singled to center, Peralta to second. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Infante reached on bunt single to pitcher, Peralta to third, Avila to second. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at home, Avila to third, Infante to second. Hunter singled to right, Avila and Infante scored, Jackson to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder doubled to deep right center, Jackson and Hunter scored. Martinez flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Fister pitching for Tigers. Arencibia struck out looking. Davis struck out swinging. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Bonifacio at second base. Izturis at shortstop. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Dirks walked. Peralta reached on infield single to third, Dirks to second. Avila struck out swinging. Infante grounded into double play, shortstop to second to third to second, Peralta out at second, Dirks out at third, Infante to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Fister pitching for Tigers. DeRosa reached on infield single to third. Izturis grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, DeRosa out at second. Bonifacio fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson singled to center. Hunter hit by pitch, Jackson to second. Kelly ran for Hunter. Cabrera flied out to right, Jackson to third. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to left, Jackson scored. Martinez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Kelly in right field. Fister pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to center. Lind hit for Bautista. Lind flied out to left. Encarnacion struck out looking. Arencibia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Delabar pitching for Blue Jays. Dirks popped out to shortstop. Peralta singled to left. Avila struck out swinging. Infante singled to shallow center, Peralta to second. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Santiago at third base. Tuiasosopo at first base. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Davis lined out to left. Rasmus singled to right. Blanco hit for DeRosa. Blanco walked, Rasmus to second. Izturis flied out to left. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 1 - Tigers 11.	Tigers rout Johnson, Jays at chilly Comerica