Tigers - Top 1st. Hanson pitching for Angels. Jackson flied out to center. Hunter singled to center. Cabrera singled to left, Hunter to second. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Bourjos singled to left. Trout struck out swinging. Pujols singled to center, Bourjos thrown out at third. Hamilton singled to right, Pujols to second. Trumbo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hamilton out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hanson pitching for Angels. Martinez singled to left. Dirks fouled out to third. Peralta flied out to center. Avila singled to right center, Martinez to second. Santiago struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Kendrick flied out to right. Iannetta popped out to first. Harris grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hanson pitching for Angels. Jackson walked. Jackson stole second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop, Jackson to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. Fielder popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Jimenez reached on infield single to shortstop, Jimenez to second on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Bourjos reached on bunt single to catcher, Jimenez to third. Trout hit sacrifice fly to right, Jimenez scored. Pujols lined out to third. Hamilton flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 4th. Hanson pitching for Angels. Martinez walked. Dirks singled to right, Martinez to second. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second, Martinez out at third, Dirks out at second, Peralta to first. Avila singled to center, Peralta to third. Santiago flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Trumbo struck out swinging. Kendrick struck out swinging. Iannetta reached on infield single to third. Iannetta to second on wild pitch by Sanchez. Harris doubled to deep left center, Iannetta scored. Jimenez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hanson pitching for Angels. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera walked. Fielder walked, Cabrera to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop. Trout grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hanson pitching for Angels. Dirks lined out to first. Peralta flied out to center. Avila lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Hamilton flied out to center. Trumbo reached on infield single to third. Kendrick singled to left, Trumbo to second. Iannetta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick out at second, Trumbo to third. Harris lined out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Romine at shortstop. Lowe pitching for Angels. Santiago bunt grounded out to pitcher. Jackson walked. Jackson stole second. Hunter walked. Burnett pitching for Angels. Cabrera singled to left, Jackson to third, Hunter to second. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Jimenez singled to left. Bourjos sacrificed to pitcher, Jimenez to second. Trout flied out to left, Jimenez to third. Pujols singled to left, Jimenez scored. Downs pitching for Tigers. Hamilton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Downs pitching for Angels. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Tuiasosopo hit for Dirks. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep left center. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Tuiasosopo in left field. Dotel pitching for Tigers. Trumbo singled to left. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to first, Trumbo out at second. Iannetta doubled to deep right, Kendrick to third. Romine grounded out to first. Jimenez walked. Bourjos tripled to deep center, Kendrick, Iannetta and Jimenez scored. Trout doubled to deep right, Bourjos scored. Villarreal pitching for Tigers. Pujols singled to left, Trout scored. Shuck ran for Pujols. Hamilton flied out to left. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. De La Rosa pitching for Angels. Santiago grounded out to second. Jackson lined out to right. Hunter doubled to right. Cabrera singled to center, Hunter scored. Fielder flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 1 - Angels 8.	Angels save face, dominate Tigers in win