Rays - Top 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Joyce struck out swinging. Zobrist flied out to center. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Moore pitching for Rays. Infante struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to left. Fielder singled to shallow left, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Longoria tripled to deep right. Loney struck out swinging. Jennings hit sacrifice fly to center, Longoria scored. Scott struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Moore pitching for Rays. Peralta singled to center. Tuiasosopo doubled to deep right center, Peralta scored. Pena grounded out to second, Tuiasosopo to third. Garcia walked. Infante hit sacrifice fly to right, Tuiasosopo scored, Garcia to second. Hunter walked. Cabrera walked, Garcia to third, Hunter to second. Fielder singled to center, Garcia and Hunter scored, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Molina grounded out to third. Escobar bunt grounded out to pitcher. Joyce doubled to deep right center. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Moore pitching for Rays. Peralta doubled to deep left. Tuiasosopo walked. Pena walked, Peralta to third, Tuiasosopo to second. Garcia singled to center, Peralta scored, Tuiasosopo to third, Pena to second. Infante walked, Tuiasosopo scored, Pena to third, Garcia to second. Torres pitching for Rays. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pena out at home, Garcia to third, Infante to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Johnson flied out to right. Longoria flied out to center. Loney singled to right. Jennings struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Torres pitching for Rays. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 5th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Scott struck out looking. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Escobar walked. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Farnsworth pitching for Rays. Pena grounded out to second. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Infante homered to left (377 feet). Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Zobrist singled to right. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zobrist out at second. Longoria struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Farnsworth pitching for Rays. Cabrera singled to left. Ramos pitching for Rays. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Ramos. Fielder hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Martinez grounded out to second. Peralta struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Loney grounded out to third. Jennings struck out swinging. Scott grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Ramos pitching for Rays. Tuiasosopo walked. Kelly ran for Tuiasosopo. Pena flied out to center. Garcia struck out looking. Infante singled to left center, Kelly to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Kelly in left field. Putkonen pitching for Tigers. Molina flied out to center. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Joyce flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Rays. Cabrera flied out to center. Fielder homered to right (381 feet). Martinez singled to left. Martinez to second on wild pitch by Wright. Peralta singled to deep right, Martinez to third. Kelly singled to shallow left, Martinez scored, Peralta to second. Pena struck out swinging. Garcia reached on infield single to second, Peralta to third, Kelly to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garcia out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Santiago at third base. Coke pitching for Tigers. Zobrist lined out to right. Rodriguez hit for Johnson. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Longoria grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 1 - Tigers 10.	Fielder, Tigers hand Moore first loss of year