Tigers - Top 1st. Deduno pitching for Twins. Jackson flied out to center. Dirks grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Thomas singled to right. Mauer lined out to center. Doumit grounded out to second, Thomas to second. Morneau struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Fielder grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Arcia walked. Plouffe walked, Arcia to second. Parmelee struck out looking. Dozier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Plouffe out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Deduno pitching for Twins. Kelly doubled to deep right. Infante flied out to right, Kelly to third. Avila grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kelly out at home. Jackson singled to center, Avila to second. Dirks grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Florimon flied out to center. Thomas struck out swinging. Mauer walked. Doumit singled to left, Mauer to third, Doumit out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Cabrera hit by pitch. Fielder singled to left center, Cabrera to third. Martinez grounded out to first, Fielder to second. Peralta singled to center, Cabrera and Fielder scored. Kelly flied out to center. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Deduno. Infante popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Morneau singled to left center. Arcia flied out to right. Plouffe homered to left center (406 feet), Morneau scored. Parmelee flied out to left. Dozier walked. Florimon singled to right, Dozier to third. Downs pitching for Tigers. Thomas struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Avila struck out looking. Jackson singled to center. Dirks grounded into double play, second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Downs pitching for Tigers. Mauer flied out to center. Doumit struck out swinging. Morneau singled to center. Arcia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Cabrera flied out to right. Fielder doubled to right. Martinez flied out to center. Peralta walked. Kelly singled to right, Fielder thrown out at home, Peralta to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Tigers. Plouffe doubled to deep left. Parmelee singled to left, Plouffe to third. Dozier singled to left, Plouffe scored, Parmelee to second. Florimon sacrificed to third, Parmelee to third, Dozier to second. Thomas struck out looking. Mauer singled to left, Parmelee and Dozier scored, Mauer to second advancing on throw. Doumit struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Deduno pitching for Twins. Infante grounded out to third. Avila grounded out to first. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Arcia doubled to deep right center. Plouffe singled to deep left center, Arcia scored, Plouffe out stretching at second. Parmelee doubled to left. Dozier popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Burton pitching for Twins. Dirks grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Fielder safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Florimon, Cabrera scored. Martinez walked. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 8th. Putkonen pitching for Tigers. Florimon struck out looking. Thomas reached on infield single to shortstop. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Perkins pitching for Twins. Hunter hit for Kelly. Hunter struck out swinging. Infante grounded out to third. Pena hit for Avila. Pena grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Twins 6.	Plouffe homers, has 3 hits in return to Twins