Red Sox - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Victorino flied out to left. Pedroia walked. Ortiz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Jackson walked. Hunter walked, Jackson to second. Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep center, Jackson scored, Hunter to third. Fielder grounded out to first, Hunter scored, Cabrera to third. Martinez grounded out to third. Peralta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Napoli singled to left center. Gomes flied out to center. Drew walked, Napoli to second. Lavarnway singled to center, Napoli scored, Drew to second. Iglesias hit by pitch, Drew to third, Lavarnway to second. Ellsbury hit sacrifice fly to center, Drew scored. Victorino grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Infante singled to center. Garcia flied out to right. Infante caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Holaday singled to center. Jackson doubled to deep right center, Holaday to third. Holaday scored, Jackson to third on passed ball by Lavarnway. Hunter struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Pedroia reached on infield single to shortstop. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to third. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pedroia scored, Ortiz out at second. Gomes struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera flied out to center. Fielder grounded out to second. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Lavarnway walked. Iglesias flied out to center. Ellsbury doubled to deep right, Lavarnway to third. Victorino grounded out to shortstop, Lavarnway scored, Ellsbury to third. Pedroia lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Peralta flied out to right. Infante walked. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Infante safe at second on error by shortstop Drew. Holaday flied out to right. Jackson walked, Infante to third, Garcia to second. Hunter fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Ortiz singled to right. Napoli lined out to right. Gomes flied out to right. Drew singled to center, Ortiz to second. Lavarnway struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Doubront pitching for Red Sox. Cabrera popped out to second. Fielder struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Iglesias grounded out to third. Ellsbury grounded out to first. Victorino grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Tazawa pitching for Red Sox. Peralta walked. Infante struck out swinging. Garcia flied out to right. Holaday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Pedroia singled to left. Ortiz singled to right, Pedroia to second. Napoli flied out to left, Pedroia to third. Gomes fouled out to first. Drew popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Bailey pitching for Red Sox. Jackson singled to center. Hunter lined out to second. Cabrera singled to right, Jackson to second. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Fielder singled to right, Jackson to third, Cabrera to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Peralta hit by pitch, Jackson scored, Cabrera to third, Fielder to second. Infante grounded into fielder's choice to third, Peralta out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Lavarnway lined out to left. Iglesias grounded out to second. Ellsbury singled to left. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Nava hit for Victorino. Ellsbury stole second. Nava struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Nava in right field. Miller pitching for Red Sox. Garcia safe at second on error by right fielder Nava. Holaday sacrificed to catcher, Garcia to third, Holaday safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Garcia to third on throwing error by pitcher Miller. Jackson walked, Holaday to second. Wilson pitching for Red Sox. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center, Garcia scored, Holaday to third. Cabrera intentionally walked, Jackson to second. Breslow pitching for Red Sox. Fielder singled to center, Holaday and Jackson scored, Cabrera to second. Martinez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to second to first, Fielder out at second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Benoit pitching for Tigers. Pedroia singled to left. Pedroia to second on fielder's indifference. Ortiz struck out swinging. Napoli lined out to center. Gomes doubled to deep right, Pedroia scored. Drew lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 5 - Tigers 7.	Hunter, Tigers get win over sloppy Red Sox