Indians - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Bourn struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. Kipnis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. McAllister pitching for Indians. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Hunter popped out to first. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Santana doubled to right. Brantley singled to right, Santana to third. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santana scored, Brantley out at second. Gomes doubled to right. Chisenhall popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Fielder walked. Martinez doubled to deep right, Fielder to third. Kelly hit sacrifice fly to center, Fielder scored. Avila struck out swinging. Infante flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Dirks in left field. Kelly at third base. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Stubbs grounded out to second. Bourn grounded out to second. Swisher grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. McAllister pitching for Indians. Iglesias doubled to deep right. Jackson singled to center, Iglesias scored. Hunter popped out to second. Dirks singled to right, Jackson to second. Fielder walked, Jackson to third, Dirks to second. Martinez doubled to deep center, Jackson and Dirks scored, Fielder to third. Kelly intentionally walked. Avila grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fielder scored, Martinez out at third, Kelly to second. Infante grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Kipnis struck out looking. Santana flied out to right. Brantley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Iglesias fouled out to third. Jackson struck out swinging. Hunter reached on infield single to pitcher. Dirks walked, Hunter to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Fielder hit by pitch, Hunter to third, Dirks to second. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Cabrera safe at first on error by second baseman Infante. Gomes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Chisenhall doubled to left. Stubbs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Kelly struck out swinging. Avila struck out swinging. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Infante flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Bourn grounded out to first. Swisher hit ground rule double to deep right. Kipnis walked. Santana lined out to center. Brantley walked, Swisher to third, Kipnis to second. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Cabrera walked, Swisher scored, Kipnis to third, Brantley to second. Gomes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Brantley out at third, Cabrera to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Iglesias reached on infield single to third. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Iglesias out at second. Hunter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Aviles hit for Chisenhall. Aviles grounded out to shortstop. Stubbs grounded out to third. Bourn singled to right. Rondon pitching for Tigers. Swisher hit ground rule double to deep left, Bourn to third. Kipnis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Aviles at third base. Hill pitching for Indians. Dirks doubled to deep left. Fielder flied out to right, Dirks to third. Martinez intentionally walked. Kelly struck out swinging. Dirks scored on Hill's wild pitch. Avila walked, Martinez to second. Albers pitching for Indians. Infante singled to left, Martinez scored, Avila out at third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 2 - Tigers 7.	Cabrera exits Tigers' win again