Tigers - Top 1st. Shields pitching for Royals. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Hunter singled to right. Cabrera struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Gordon doubled to deep left. Bonifacio sacrificed to pitcher, Gordon to third. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gordon out at home. Hosmer stole second. Butler singled to center, Hosmer scored. Moustakas grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Shields pitching for Royals. Martinez fouled out to left. Dirks walked. Avila singled to center, Dirks to third. Infante singled to left center, Dirks scored, Avila to second. Santiago doubled to right, Avila scored, Infante to third. Jackson doubled to right center, Infante and Santiago scored. Hunter struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Jackson scored. Fielder singled to right center, Cabrera to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Perez struck out swinging. Lough flied out to center. Dyson singled to right. Escobar singled to left, Dyson to third. Gordon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Shields pitching for Royals. Dirks reached on infield single to shortstop. Avila singled to left, Dirks to second. Infante singled to right center, Dirks to third, Avila to second. Dirks picked off third. Santiago struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio singled to left. Bonifacio picked off first. Hosmer struck out swinging. Butler walked. Moustakas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Shields pitching for Royals. Hunter doubled to deep center. Hunter to third on wild pitch by Shields. Cabrera walked. Fielder singled to right, Hunter scored, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to center. Dirks singled to center, Cabrera to third, Fielder to second. Avila struck out swinging. Infante singled to left, Cabrera scored, Fielder to third, Dirks to second. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Santiago walked, Fielder scored, Dirks to third, Infante to second. Jackson singled to left, Dirks and Infante scored, Santiago to second. Hunter struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Lough flied out to center. Dyson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Kottaras catching. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Cabrera walked. Fielder grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Martinez singled to center. Dirks reached on infield single to third, Martinez to second. Avila walked, Martinez to third, Dirks to second. Infante doubled to deep left center, Martinez, Dirks and Avila scored. Santiago grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Kelly in right field. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Escobar flied out to left. Gordon singled to right center. Bonifacio popped out to second. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Cain in right field. Pena at first base. Lough in left field. Ciriaco at shortstop. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Jackson flied out to right. Kelly flied out to left. Cabrera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Worth at third base. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Butler grounded out to shortstop. Moustakas flied out to center. Kottaras singled to left. Lough grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Carroll at third base. Mendoza pitching for Royals. Fielder singled to center. Tuiasosopo ran for Fielder. Martinez singled to right, Tuiasosopo to second. Dirks singled to right center, Tuiasosopo scored, Martinez to second. Avila grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dirks out at second, Martinez to third. Infante singled to left, Martinez scored. Santiago flied out to left. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Tuiasosopo at first base. Sanchez pitching for Tigers. Dyson grounded out to first. Ciriaco safe at first on error by third baseman Worth. Cain grounded out to shortstop, Ciriaco to second. Bonifacio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 8th. Giavotella at second base. Coleman pitching for Royals. Jackson singled to right. Kelly singled to right, Jackson to second. Castellanos ran for Jackson. Worth grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kelly out at second, Castellanos to third. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Castellanos in left field. Kelly in center field. Dirks in right field. Perez at second base. Putkonen pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out swinging. Butler grounded out to pitcher. Carroll reached on infield single to third. Kottaras struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Crow pitching for Royals. Holaday hit for Martinez. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. Dirks doubled to right. Avila doubled to right, Dirks scored. Perez flied out to center. Santiago grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Smyly pitching for Tigers. Lough doubled to deep right. Lough to third on wild pitch by Smyly. Dyson hit sacrifice fly to left, Lough scored. Ciriaco doubled to left. Cain flied out to left. Giavotella grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 16 - Royals 2.	Tigers pile up 16 runs, 26 hits in Royals rout