Mets - Top 1st. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Nimmo singled to right. Cabrera singled to left, Nimmo to second. Conforto flied out to left, Nimmo to third, Cabrera to second. Frazier hit sacrifice fly to right, Nimmo scored, Cabrera to third. Smith popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Mets. LeMahieu lined out to third. Blackmon singled to left. Arenado doubled to left, Blackmon to third. Story singled to right, Blackmon scored, Arenado to third. Desmond singled to right, Arenado scored, Story to third. González grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Desmond out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Flores doubled to deep right center. Plawecki singled to center, Flores scored. Vargas sacrificed to first, Plawecki to second. Rosario struck out swinging. Nimmo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Mets. Iannetta singled to left. Cuevas popped out to first. Márquez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Iannetta out at second, Márquez to second on throwing error by shortstop Rosario. LeMahieu popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 3rd. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Conforto singled to center. Frazier grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Conforto out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Mets. Blackmon singled to center. Arenado homered to left (439 feet), Blackmon scored. Story homered to left (441 feet). Desmond homered to right (386 feet). González grounded out to pitcher. Iannetta hit by pitch. Robles pitching for Mets. Cuevas doubled to deep left, Iannetta scored. Márquez singled to right, Cuevas scored. LeMahieu walked, Márquez to second. Blackmon walked, Márquez to third, LeMahieu to second. Arenado struck out swinging. Story grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blackmon out at second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Smith grounded out to first. Flores struck out swinging. Plawecki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Robles pitching for Mets. Desmond grounded out to third. González homered to left (418 feet). Iannetta walked. Cuevas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Iannetta out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Guillorme hit for Robles. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Guillorme walked. Rosario grounded out to second, Guillorme to second. Guillorme to third on wild pitch by Márquez. Nimmo walked. Cabrera singled to left, Guillorme scored, Nimmo to third. Conforto hit sacrifice fly to left, Nimmo scored, Cabrera to second. Cabrera out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Frazier batting. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Beck pitching for Mets. Márquez singled to left center. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Blackmon walked, Márquez to second. Arenado singled to center, Márquez scored, Blackmon to second. Story grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon out at third, Arenado to second. Desmond grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Marquez pitching for Rockies. Frazier lined out to left. Smith struck out swinging. Flores grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Beck pitching for Mets. González singled to right. Iannetta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, González out at second. Cuevas doubled to deep left. McMahon hit for Márquez. McMahon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Shaw pitching for Rockies. Plawecki doubled to deep right. Bautista hit for Beck. Bautista singled to right, Plawecki scored. Rosario struck out swinging. Nimmo grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Bautista safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Shaw. Cabrera walked, Bautista to third, Nimmo to second. Rusin pitching for Rockies. Conforto struck out swinging. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Bautista scored, Nimmo to third, Cabrera to second on passed ball by Iannetta. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Peterson pitching for Mets. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon struck out swinging. Arenado lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Ottavino pitching for Rockies. Smith struck out swinging. Flores struck out swinging. Plawecki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Peterson pitching for Mets. Story struck out swinging. Desmond lined out to right. González struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Davis pitching for Rockies. Reyes hit for Peterson. Reyes walked. Rosario reached on infield single to third, Reyes to second, Reyes to third, Rosario to second on throwing error by third baseman Arenado. Nimmo grounded out to second, Reyes scored, Rosario to third. Cabrera grounded out to first, Rosario scored. Conforto struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Rockies 10.	Rockies power up, snap home skid by beating Mets 10-8