Marlins - Top 1st. Redman pitching for Braves. Ramirez singled to right. Uggla hit by pitch, Ramirez to second. Ramirez to third, Uggla to second on wild pitch by Redman. Cabrera walked. Willingham struck out swinging. Olivo singled to center, Ramirez and Uggla scored, Cabrera to second. Ross doubled to left, Cabrera and Olivo scored, Ross to third advancing on throw. Boone hit sacrifice fly to right, Ross scored. Borchard struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Marlins. Johnson flied out to center. Renteria struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Redman pitching for Braves. Willis grounded out to second. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Uggla flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Jones flied out to center. Francoeur grounded out to second. Diaz reached on infield single to third. Wilson singled to left, Diaz to second. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Redman pitching for Braves. Cabrera flied out to right. Willingham singled to center. Olivo flied out to center. Ross singled to left center, Willingham to second. Boone walked, Willingham to third, Ross to second. Borchard singled to center, Willingham and Ross scored, Boone to second. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Willis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Borchard out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Marlins. Villarreal struck out looking. Johnson grounded out to second. Renteria doubled to right. Jones homered to left, Renteria scored. Jones grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Ramirez struck out swinging. Uggla doubled to left, Uggla out stretching at third. Cabrera singled to center. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Francoeur grounded out to second. Diaz struck out swinging. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Olivo struck out swinging. Ross struck out swinging. Boone struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Woodward hit for Villarreal. Willis pitching for Marlins. Pena flied out to right. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. Johnson singled to left. Renteria walked, Johnson to second. Paronto pitching for Braves. Woodward at shortstop. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Borchard singled to center. Willis sacrificed to pitcher, Borchard to second. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop. Uggla doubled to deep center, Borchard and Ramirez scored. Cabrera intentionally walked. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Jones reached on infield single to third. Francoeur singled to right, Jones to second. Diaz grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francoeur out at second. Jones scored on Willis' balk. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Olivo popped out to third. Ross struck out swinging. McBride pitching for Braves. Thorman at first base. Boone flied out to left. McBride pitching for Braves. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Willis pitching for Marlins. Pena flied out to left. Woodward singled to left. Johnson grounded out to first, Woodward to second. Thorman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. McBride pitching for Braves. Borchard safe at first on error by right fielder Francoeur. Wood hit for Willis. Wood struck out swinging. Ramirez walked, Borchard to second. Uggla walked, Borchard to third, Ramirez to second. Yates pitching for Braves. Diaz at first base. Langerhans in left field. Cabrera singled to left, Borchard scored, Ramirez to third, Uggla to second. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Willingham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first to catcher, Cabrera out at second, Ramirez out at home, Willingham to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Jones flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. Francoeur batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Yates pitching for Braves. Olivo flied out to right. Ross grounded out to second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Boone struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Langerhans flied out to center. Pena homered to left. Woodward flied out to right. Johnson flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 11 - Braves 4.	Willis dominates, improves to 12-1 in April starts