Marlins - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Ramirez flied out to left. Uggla struck out swinging. Jacobs hit for Cabrera. Jacobs at first base. Wood at third base. Jacobs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Furcal struck out swinging. Pierre reached on bunt single to second. Martin homered to left, Pierre scored. Gonzalez singled to right. Garciaparra walked, Gonzalez to second. Loney flied out to left. Kemp reached on infield single to first, Gonzalez to third, Garciaparra to second. Martinez singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Garciaparra to third, Kemp to second. Hendrickson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Ethier in right field. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Willingham struck out swinging. Linden popped out to second. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Wood grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to left. Pierre singled to left, Furcal to second. Martin singled to right, Furcal scored, Pierre to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. Garciaparra singled to left, Pierre scored, Martin to second. Loney grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garciaparra out at second, Martin to third. Ethier homered to center, Martin and Loney scored. Martinez struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Treanor reached on infield single to pitcher. Amezaga doubled to center, Treanor to third. Obermueller struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to left, Treanor scored, Amezaga to third, Ramirez to second advancing on play. Uggla grounded out to shortstop, Amezaga scored. Jacobs flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Hendrickson flied out to center. Furcal walked. Pierre grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Willingham struck out swinging. Linden grounded out to third. Wood doubled to left. Treanor popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Obermueller pitching for Marlins. Martin walked. Gonzalez flied out to left. Garciaparra flied out to left. Loney singled to left, Martin to second. Ethier walked, Martin to third, Loney to second. Martinez walked, Martin scored, Loney to third, Ethier to second. Hendrickson struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Reed hit for Obermueller. Hendrickson pitching for Dodgers. Amezaga grounded out to third. Reed flied out to right. Ramirez walked. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Uggla struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Furcal singled to right. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Furcal out at second. Lieberthal hit for Martin. Lieberthal popped out to first. Lieberthal catching. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Jacobs singled to right. Willingham walked, Jacobs to second. Linden singled to center, Jacobs to third, Willingham to second. Wood hit sacrifice fly to left, Jacobs scored. Treanor struck out swinging. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Linden out at second, Willingham to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Garciaparra reached on infield single to shortstop. Loney flied out to left. Ethier singled to left, Garciaparra to second. Martinez grounded out to third, Garciaparra to third, Ethier to second. Borchard hit for Gardner. Stults struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Borchard flied out to right. Ramirez singled to shallow right. Ramirez pitching for Marlins. Uggla grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Marlins. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Pierre flied out to center. Lieberthal singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Lieberthal to second. Garciaparra fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Stults pitching for Dodgers. Jacobs grounded out to shortstop. Willingham walked. Linden grounded into fielder's choice to right, Willingham out at second. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Linden out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Marlins. Loney grounded out to first. Ethier safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez. Martinez struck out swinging. Seanez hit for Stults. Saenz hit for Stults. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Saenz flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 9th. Tsao pitching for Dodgers. Treanor struck out swinging. Hermida hit for Ramirez. Amezaga flied out to center. Hermida singled to center. Ramirez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Dodgers 9.	Martin, Ethier homers help Dodgers avoid sweep