Reds - Top 1st. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Freel singled to right. Keppinger homered to left, Freel scored. Griffey Jr walked. Phillips lined out to third. Dunn doubled to deep right, Griffey Jr to third. Conine fouled out to right. Lopez popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Ross hit for Ramirez. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ross hit by pitch. Uggla singled to left, Ross to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Uggla out at second, Ross to third. Jacobs flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Ross in center field. Amezaga at shortstop. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Ross doubled to left. Arroyo flied out to center, Ross to third. Freel hit by pitch. Keppinger lined into double play, third to first, Freel doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Willingham doubled to deep right. Hermida walked. Olivo struck out looking. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hermida out at second, Willingham to third. Vanden Hurk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Griffey Jr grounded out to second. Phillips lined out to third. Dunn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ross grounded out to third. Uggla reached on infield single to second. Cabrera walked, Uggla to second. Jacobs struck out swinging. Willingham lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Conine flied out to center. Lopez doubled to left. Ross intentionally walked. Arroyo bunted into fielder's choice to first, Lopez out at third, Ross to second. Freel singled to left, Ross thrown out at home, Arroyo to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Hermida singled to center. Olivo struck out swinging. Amezaga popped out to shortstop. Vanden Hurk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Keppinger singled to center. Griffey Jr struck out looking. Phillips hit by pitch, Keppinger to second. Dunn struck out looking. Conine popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ross walked. Uggla grounded out to pitcher, Ross to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. Jacobs homered to right, Ross scored. Willingham singled to right. Hermida flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. VandenHurk pitching for Marlins. Lopez safe at second on error by third baseman Cabrera. Ross struck out swinging. Lopez to third on passed ball by Olivo. Arroyo bunt grounded out to catcher. Freel lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Olivo popped out to first. Amezaga reached on bunt single to catcher. Linden hit for Vanden Hurk. Linden grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Amezaga out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop. Griffey Jr grounded out to first, Keppinger to second. Phillips intentionally walked. Dunn struck out swinging. Conine walked, Keppinger to third, Phillips to second. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Arroyo pitching for Reds. Ross walked. Uggla homered to left, Ross scored. Stanton pitching for Reds. Cabrera doubled to deep left. Jacobs grounded out to second, Cabrera to third. Willingham singled to center, Cabrera scored. Hermida struck out looking. Burton pitching for Reds. Olivo popped out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Ross fouled out to first. Hatteberg hit for Burton. Hatteberg flied out to right. Freel bunt popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Saarloos pitching for Reds. Amezaga tripled to deep right. Wood hit for Miller. Wood reached on infield single to second, Amezaga scored. Ross singled to center, Wood to third. Uggla doubled to left, Wood scored, Ross to third. Cabrera singled to left, Ross and Uggla scored. Gosling pitching for Reds. Jacobs popped out to second. Willingham singled to left, Cabrera to second. Hermida flied out to left. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Willingham out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Wood at first base. Keppinger doubled to left center. Griffey Jr grounded out to second, Keppinger to third. Phillips struck out swinging. Dunn doubled to deep center, Keppinger scored. Conine safe at first on error by shortstop Amezaga, Dunn to third. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 3 - Marlins 9.	Marlins rout Reds but lose SS Ramirez to injury