Marlins - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Amezaga flied out to left. Uggla struck out looking. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Young singled to left center. Young stole second. Hudson grounded out to second, Young to third. Byrnes grounded out to third, Young scored. Clark grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jacobs singled to right. Willingham singled to left, Jacobs to second. Olivo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Willingham out at second, Jacobs to third. Ross grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Drew walked. Reynolds singled to left center, Drew to second. Hairston grounded out to shortstop, Drew to third, Reynolds to second. Montero hit sacrifice fly to left, Drew scored, Reynolds to third. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hermida grounded out to first. Mitre struck out looking. Amezaga struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hudson homered to left. Byrnes tripled to deep right center. Clark singled to right, Byrnes scored. Drew reached on infield single to third, Clark to second. Reynolds hit by pitch, Clark to third, Drew to second. Hairston walked, Clark scored, Drew to third, Reynolds to second. Montero hit sacrifice fly to right, Drew scored, Reynolds to third. Hernandez grounded out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla flied out to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Jacobs walked. Willingham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Mitre pitching for Marlins. Young safe at first on error by third baseman Cabrera. Hudson singled to right, Young to third. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Byrnes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young scored, Hudson out at second. Clark flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. Ross singled to left. Hermida singled to left, Ross to second. Borchard hit for Pinto. Borchard struck out swinging. Amezaga lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Drew grounded out to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. Hairston popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla homered to center. Cabrera singled to center. Jacobs grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Willingham flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Montero singled to center. Hernandez grounded out to catcher, Montero to second. Young flied out to center. Hudson singled to center, Montero scored. Byrnes flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo flied out to right. Ross popped out to second. Hermida singled to center. Linden hit for Gardner. Linden flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Drew grounded out to second. Reynolds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Amezaga singled to left. Uggla homered to left, Amezaga scored. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Jacobs flied out to center. Willingham popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Hairston struck out looking. Montero singled to right. DaVanon hit for Ed Gonzalez. DaVanon singled to center, Montero to second. Young singled to left, Montero to third, DaVanon to second. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Montero out at home, DaVanon to third, Young to second. Byrnes walked, DaVanon scored, Young to third, Hudson to second. Clark flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Nippert pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo struck out swinging. Ross doubled to deep right. Hermida walked. Wood hit for Lindstrom. Wood flied out to center. Amezaga grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Diamondbacks 9.	Diamondbacks' Hernandez shakes off winless skid