Brewers - Top 1st . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Clark flied out to center . Hardy struck out swinging . Jenkins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Brewers . Eckstein grounded out to first . Encarnacion popped out to first . Pujols struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to left . Koskie singled to center , Koskie out stretching at second . Weeks singled to center . Fielder grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Edmonds walked . Edmonds stole second . Rolen singled to center , Edmonds scored , Rolen to second advancing on throw . Schumaker singled to center , Rolen to third . Molina grounded out to second , Rolen scored , Schumaker to second . Miles grounded out to second , Schumaker to third . Marquis grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to third . Bush singled to center . Clark grounded into double play , third to second to first , Bush out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Eckstein singled to center . Encarnacion singled to right , Eckstein to third . Pujols singled to right , Eckstein scored , Encarnacion to second . Edmonds grounded out to first , Encarnacion to third , Pujols to second . Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center , Encarnacion scored , Pujols to third . Schumaker grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Hardy singled to right center . Jenkins singled to right , Hardy to second . Lee homered to left , Hardy and Jenkins scored . Koskie grounded out to shortstop . Weeks struck out swinging . Fielder struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Molina flied out to center . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Marquis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to third . Bush grounded out to third . Clark singled to right . Hardy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Eckstein hit by pitch . Encarnacion singled to center , Eckstein to second . Pujols walked , Eckstein to third , Encarnacion to second . Edmonds doubled to right center , Eckstein , Encarnacion and Pujols scored , Edmonds to third on error by right fielder Jenkins . J Edmonds scored on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Rolen flied out to center . Schumaker struck out swinging . Molina flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Marquis pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins grounded out to second . Lee grounded out to third . Koskie struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Miles grounded out to second . Marquis grounded out to third . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Eckstein grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Looper pitching for Cardinals . Weeks struck out swinging . Fielder doubled to deep center . Gross hit for Bush . Miller flied out to right . Gross walked . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to right . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Edmonds struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Thompson pitching for Cardinals . Hardy grounded out to third . Jenkins singled to right . Lee grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jenkins safe at second on error by third baseman Rolen . Koskie grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lee out at second , Jenkins to third . Weeks hit by pitch , Koskie to second . Fielder popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker flied out to left . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Hart hit for Capellan . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to third . Hart struck out looking . Clark safe at first on error by second baseman Miles . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Cardinals 8 .	Edmonds , Marquis help Cards top struggling Brewers