Reds - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . McCracken struck out looking . Lopez flied out to center . Aurilia walked . Dunn walked , Aurilia to second . Kearns singled to right , Aurilia scored , Dunn to third , Kearns thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Clark fouled out to first . Hall flied out to center . Jenkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Phillips singled to right . LaRue grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . Harang struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Lee singled to right . Fielder flied out to left . Weeks lined out to second . Koskie doubled to third , Lee to third . Miller intentionally walked . Davis lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . McCracken struck out swinging . Lopez walked . Aurilia walked , Lopez to second . Dunn walked , Lopez to third , Aurilia to second . Kearns walked , Lopez scored , Aurilia to third , Dunn to second . Encarnacion lined out to shortstop . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Clark struck out swinging . Hall grounded out to third . Jenkins grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . LaRue walked . Harang grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , LaRue safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Davis . McCracken sacrificed to pitcher , LaRue to third , Harang to second . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Aurilia lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Lee grounded out to third . Fielder flied out to left . Weeks grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Dunn struck out swinging . Kearns walked . Kearns stole second . Encarnacion walked . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Encarnacion out at second , Kearns to third , Kearns scored on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . LaRue hit ground rule double to shallow left , Phillips to third . Harang grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Koskie bunt grounded out to pitcher . Hardy hit for Davis . Miller grounded out to third . Lehr pitching for Brewers . Hardy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Lehr pitching for Brewers . McCracken flied out to center . Lopez reached on bunt single to catcher . Aurilia singled to left , Lopez to second . Lopez to third , Aurilia to second on wild pitch by Lehr . Dunn intentionally walked . Kearns hit by pitch , Lopez scored , Aurilia to third , Dunn to second . Encarnacion doubled to deep left , Aurilia , Dunn and Kearns scored . De maria pitching for Brewers . Phillips doubled to left , Encarnacion scored . LaRue hit by pitch . Harang sacrificed to first , Phillips to third , LaRue to second . McCracken walked . Lopez popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Clark walked . Hall flied out to center . Jenkins grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Demaria pitching for Brewers . Aurilia fouled out to third . Dunn walked . Kearns hit by pitch , Dunn to second . Encarnacion flied out to center . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dunn out at third , Kearns to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Harang pitching for Reds . Lee struck out looking . Fielder struck out looking . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Weeks grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . LaRue flied out to right . Harang struck out swinging . McCracken walked . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCracken out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Harang pitching for Reds . Koskie singled to right . Gross hit for Kolb . Miller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Koskie out at second . Gross singled to left . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Aurilia safe at first on error by shortstop Hall . Dunn singled to right , Aurilia to second . Kearns struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second , Aurilia to third . Phillips homered to left , Aurilia and Encarnacion scored . LaRue grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Harang pitching for Reds . Hall grounded out to shortstop . Jenkins doubled to deep left . Lee flied out to center . Fielder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 11 - Brewers 0 .	Harang tosses five - hitter as Reds shut down Brewers