Brewers - Top 1st . Redman pitching for Royals . Weeks flied out to left . Barnwell flied out to right . Lee lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Helling pitching for Brewers . DeJesus struck out swinging . Graffanino singled to center . Mientkiewicz walked , Graffanino to second . Stairs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Redman pitching for Royals . Fielder grounded out to second . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . Koskie flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Helling pitching for Brewers . Brown doubled to center . Teahen grounded out to first , Brown to third . Berroa grounded out to pitcher . Bako walked . Gathright grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Redman pitching for Royals . Hart singled to left . Hart caught stealing second , catcher to second . Clark flied out to right . Moeller singled to center . Moeller to second on wild pitch by Redman . Weeks walked . Barnwell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Helling pitching for Brewers . DeJesus doubled to right . DeJesus to third on wild pitch by Helling . Graffanino walked . Mientkiewicz hit sacrifice fly to right , DeJesus scored . Stairs struck out looking . Brown struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Redman pitching for Royals . Lee flied out to right . Fielder grounded out to first . Cirillo singled to center . Koskie walked , Cirillo to second . Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Hart grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Koskie out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Teahen grounded out to second . Berroa struck out swinging . Bako flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Redman pitching for Royals . Clark popped out to second . Moeller grounded out to third . Weeks flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Gathright walked . DeJesus singled to right , Gathright to third . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gathright scored , DeJesus out at second . Mientkiewicz singled to right , Graffanino to third . Stairs grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Redman pitching for Royals . Barnwell grounded out to first . Lee flied out to right . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Brown singled to left . Teahen flied out to left . Berroa lined out to third . Bako singled to center , Brown to second . Gathright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Redman pitching for Royals . Cirillo flied out to center . Koskie doubled to left . Hart grounded out to shortstop . Clark reached on infield single to third , Koskie to third . Moeller flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Graffanino walked . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep center , Graffanino scored , Mientkiewicz out at third . Stairs singled to center . Brown hit by pitch , Stairs to second . Teahen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Redman pitching for Royals . Weeks doubled to left . Peralta pitching for Royals . Barnwell popped out to second . Lee grounded out to first , Weeks to third . Gobble pitching for Royals . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Fielder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Berroa grounded out to second . Bako walked . Gathright doubled to left , Bako to third . DeJesus intentionally walked . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bako scored , DeJesus out at second , Gathright to third . Mientkiewicz singled to center , Gathright scored , Graffanino to third . Stairs singled to left , Graffanino scored , Mientkiewicz to second . Brown singled to right , Mientkiewicz to third , Stairs to second . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Gobble pitching for Royals . Cirillo flied out to right . Koskie grounded out to second . Hart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 0 - Royals 6 .	Redman 's fifth straight sharp outing lifts Royals