Brewers - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Graffanino grounded out to third . Fielder singled to center . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Eckstein flied out to center . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hall lined out to right . Jenkins singled to right . Bell grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Jenkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Rolen doubled to deep left . Encarnacion popped out to first . Edmonds flied out to center . Belliard grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Miller singled to center . Davis sacrificed to first , Miller to second . Clark grounded out to second , Miller to third . Graffanino singled to center , Miller scored . Fielder homered to right , Graffanino scored . Mench flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Molina popped out to shortstop . Carpenter popped out to pitcher . Eckstein singled to right . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Hall flied out to center . Jenkins struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Pujols doubled to deep left . Rolen grounded out to shortstop . Encarnacion singled to right center , Pujols scored . Edmonds lined into double play , second to first , Encarnacion doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Davis grounded out to shortstop . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Belliard walked . Molina walked , Belliard to second . Carpenter sacrificed to third , Belliard to third , Molina to second . Eckstein grounded out to third , Belliard scored . Duncan flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino singled to center . Fielder singled to deep right , Graffanino to third . Mench hit sacrifice fly to center , Graffanino scored . Hall grounded out to pitcher , Fielder to second . Jenkins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Pujols popped out to shortstop . Rolen tripled to deep right center . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Rolen scored . Edmonds struck out swinging . Belliard walked , Encarnacion to second . Spiezio hit for Carpenter . Kolb pitching for Brewers . Molina walked , Encarnacion to third , Belliard to second . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Spiezio popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Bell singled to right . Gross hit for Kolb . Miller sacrificed to third , Bell to second . Gross struck out swinging . Wise pitching for Brewers . Clark grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Eckstein singled to right . Duncan fouled out to third . Pujols flied out to center . Rolen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Eckstein out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Graffanino doubled to left . Fielder grounded out to second , Graffanino to third . Mench grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Graffanino out at home . Hall walked , Mench to second . Jenkins hit by pitch , Mench to third , Hall to second . Bell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion grounded out to third . Turnbow pitching for Brewers . Edmonds doubled to deep right center . Belliard grounded out to shortstop . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Miles at second base . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Gwynn Jr hit for Turnbow . Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Gwynn Jr singled to left . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gwynn Jr out at second . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Graffanino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Miles popped out to shortstop . Eckstein popped out to second . Duncan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 4 - Cardinals 3 .	Brewers hand reeling Cards eighth straight defeat