Cardinals - Top 1st . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Miles flied out to center . Duncan struck out swinging . Pujols grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn Jr grounded out to first . Graffanino singled to center . Fielder singled to right , Graffanino to second . Hart grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Encarnacion flied out to center . Spiezio doubled to deep right . Wilson flied out to right . Belliard flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins grounded out to shortstop . Cirillo singled to left . Bell safe at first on error by shortstop Miles , Cirillo to second . Miller struck out swinging . Villanueva grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Molina hit by pitch . Suppan bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Molina out at second . Miles grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Suppan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn Jr singled to center . Graffanino struck out swinging , Gwynn Jr stole second . Fielder safe at first on error by second baseman Belliard , Gwynn Jr to third . Hart grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Duncan safe at first on error by first baseman Fielder . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Duncan out at second . Encarnacion walked . Encarnacion to second on passed ball by Miller . Spiezio struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins lined out to right . Cirillo struck out swinging . Bell lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Wilson singled to center . Belliard grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to second . Molina flied out to left . Suppan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Miller doubled to deep right . Villanueva sacrificed to first , Miller to third . Gwynn Jr struck out looking . Graffanino walked . Fielder flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Miles flied out to center . Duncan singled to right . Pujols fouled out to third . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Hart flied out to right . Jenkins singled to right . Cirillo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jenkins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Manuel Villanueva pitching for Brewers . Spiezio struck out looking . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Belliard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Bell flied out to right . Clark hit for Villanueva . Miller grounded out to shortstop . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Clark grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Rodriguez hit for Suppan . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Molina grounded out to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep right . Miles flied out to left . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Rodriguez in left field . Duncan lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Hancock pitching for Cardinals . Gwynn Jr reached on bunt single to pitcher . Graffanino grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gwynn Jr out at second . Fielder walked . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Hart singled to center , Fielder to second . Hart picked off first . Mench in left field . Jenkins batting . Cordero pitching for Brewers . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Pujols fouled out to first . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Spiezio flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Johnson pitching for Cardinals . Jenkins homered to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 0 - Brewers 1 .	Jenkins lifts Brewers over Cards with walk - off homer