Giants - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Brewers . Winn singled to right . Vizquel singled to left , Winn to second . Hillenbrand grounded out to second , Winn to third , Vizquel to second . Bonds doubled to deep left center , Winn and Vizquel scored . Durham walked . Alou singled to left , Bonds to third , Durham to second . Feliz safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Bell , Bonds and Durham scored , Alou to second . Alfonzo popped out to second . Sanchez struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Hart singled to right center . Graffanino walked , Hart to second . Fielder hit by pitch , Hart to third , Graffanino to second . Hall singled to shallow left , Hart and Graffanino scored , Fielder to second . Jenkins struck out swinging . Fielder stole third , Hall stole second . Mench doubled to left , Fielder and Hall scored . Bell struck out swinging . Rivera singled to left , Mench scored . Davis struck out looking . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Winn fouled out to first . Vizquel grounded out to third . Hillenbrand flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Hart grounded out to third . Graffanino grounded out to shortstop . Fielder singled to right . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Brewers . Bonds struck out swinging . Durham doubled to deep right . Alou lined out to third . Feliz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Giants . Jenkins walked . Mench singled to deep right center , Jenkins to third . Bell hit ground rule double to right , Jenkins scored , Mench to third . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Rivera doubled to deep left , Mench and Bell scored . Davis hit by pitch . Hart flied out to center , Rivera to third . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Rivera out at home , Davis to second . Fielder flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Hennessey grounded out to pitcher . Winn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Hall doubled to deep center . Jenkins grounded out to second , Hall to third . Mench hit sacrifice fly to left , Hall scored . Bell lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Brewers . Vizquel singled to right . Hillenbrand singled to left , Vizquel to second . Bonds doubled to deep center , Vizquel scored , Hillenbrand to third . Durham struck out swinging . Alou singled to right , Hillenbrand scored , Bonds to third . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bonds scored , Alou out at second . Alfonzo grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Anderson hit for Davis . Hennessey pitching for Giants . Rivera doubled to deep left . Anderson grounded out to second , Rivera to third . Hart singled to right center , Rivera scored . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Lewis hit for Hennessey . Graffanino lined into double play , to second , Hart doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Lewis singled to left center . Winn doubled to deep right center , Lewis scored . Vizquel fouled out to first . Hillenbrand walked . Bonds homered to center , Winn and Hillenbrand scored . Durham popped out to first . Alou singled to right . Taschner pitching for Giants . Feliz flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Taschner pitching for Giants . Fielder fouled out to left . Hall struck out swinging . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Frandsen hit for Taschner . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Alfonzo flied out to right . Frandsen fouled out to catcher . Winn singled to center . Correia pitching for Giants . Vizquel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Correia pitching for Giants . Mench singled to left . Bell lined into double play , second to first , Mench doubled off first . Rivera popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Hillenbrand grounded out to pitcher . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Bonds grounded out to second . Hart in left field . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Gwynn Jr in center field . Durham homered to right center . Winn in right field . Finley in center field . Linden in left field . Alou grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Correia pitching for Giants . Gwynn Jr singled to right . Hart struck out swinging . Kline pitching for Giants . Graffanino doubled to deep right , Gwynn Jr to third . Chulk pitching for Giants . Fielder grounded out to second , Gwynn Jr scored , Graffanino to third . Hall singled to left center , Graffanino scored . Hall to third on wild pitch by Chulk . Cirillo hit for Capellan . Jenkins walked , Hall to second . Cirillo walked , Jenkins to second . Bell reached on infield single to shortstop , Hall scored , Jenkins to third , Cirillo to second . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Rivera struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . De La Rosa ran for Feliz . Cordero pitching for Brewers . Feliz struck out swinging , Feliz safe at first on wild pitch by Cordero . Sweeney hit for Chulk . Alfonzo sacrificed to catcher , De La Rosa to second . Sweeney grounded out to first , De La Rosa to third . Winn grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 12 - Brewers 13 .	Bonds ties Aaron 's NL HR mark , but Giants lose