Cardinals - Top 1st. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Carpenter walked. Beltran singled to right, Carpenter to third. Holliday grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter scored, Beltran out at second. Craig walked. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. DeJesus popped out to second. Castro flied out to center. Valbuena singled to center. Rizzo doubled to right, Valbuena to third, Valbuena scored on throwing error by right fielder Beltran. Rizzo caught stealing third, catcher to third. Schierholtz batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Jay grounded out to first. Freese reached on infield single to third. Kozma flied out to left. Westbrook grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Schierholtz grounded out to first. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Navarro flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Carpenter flied out to left. Beltran grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Ransom singled to left. Villanueva sacrificed to pitcher, Ransom to second. DeJesus grounded out to third, Ransom to third. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Craig hit by pitch. Molina singled to right, Craig to third. Jay hit sacrifice fly to center, Craig scored. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena walked. Rizzo singled to left, Valbuena to second. Schierholtz doubled to right, Valbuena and Rizzo scored. Sweeney grounded out to first, Schierholtz to third. Navarro grounded out to second, Schierholtz scored. Ransom grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Kozma singled to center. Westbrook struck out bunting foul. Carpenter reached on bunt single to pitcher, Kozma to second. Beltran singled to left, Kozma scores, Carpenter out at third. Holliday singled to left, Beltran to second. Craig flied out to right. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Villanueva singled to right. DeJesus singled to center, Villanueva to second. Castro grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, DeJesus out at second, Villanueva to third. Valbuena grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Molina flied out to center. Jay grounded out to shortstop. Freese flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo grounded out to first. Schierholtz singled to right. Sweeney singled to right, Schierholtz to third. Carpenter at third base. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Descalso at second base. Navarro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Manuel Villanueva pitching for Cubs. Kozma walked. Descalso struck out swinging. Kozma caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Russell pitching for Cubs. Carpenter doubled to deep right, Carpenter advanced to third on play. Beltran singled to left, Carpenter scored. Holliday struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Ransom singled to center. Borbon hit for Russell. Borbon bunt grounded out to third. DeJesus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ransom out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Craig popped out to shortstop. Molina singled to left. Molina to second on wild pitch by Bowden. Jay singled to center, Molina scored. Adams hit for Maness. Adams grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jay out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Castro struck out swinging. Valbuena walked. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Rizzo singled to right, Valbuena to third. Schierholtz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rizzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Kozma struck out swinging. Descalso struck out looking. Carpenter walked. Beltran lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Sweeney grounded out to second. Navarro popped out to second. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Cubs 4.	Beltran, Jay wrap up Cards' win over Cubs