Brewers - Top 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Aoki grounded out to third. Segura singled to center. Segura picked off first. Braun struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Carpenter flied out to center. Jay grounded out to first. Holliday lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez singled to center. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Gomez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Craig walked. Molina singled to right, Craig to second. Adams struck out swinging. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second, Craig to third. Kozma singled to center, Craig scored, Freese to second. Lynn walked, Freese to third, Kozma to second. Carpenter walked, Freese scored, Kozma to third, Lynn to second. Jay grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Betancourt grounded out to second. Bianchi singled to left. Estrada sacrificed to pitcher, Bianchi to second. Aoki reached on infield single to second, Bianchi to third. Segura tripled to deep center, Bianchi and Aoki scored. Braun singled to right, Segura scored. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Braun out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Holliday flied out to right. Craig doubled to left. Molina flied out to center. Adams lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy walked. Gomez fouled out to first. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lucroy out at second. Bianchi struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Freese singled to left. Kozma flied out to center. Lynn sacrificed to first, Freese to second. Carpenter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Estrada grounded out to third. Aoki walked. Segura singled to right, Aoki to third. Braun singled to right, Aoki scored, Segura to third. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Braun out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Jay walked. Holliday flied out to center. Craig popped out to shortstop. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Salas pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy flied out to center. Gomez struck out swinging. Betancourt flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Estrada pitching for Brewers. Adams popped out to shortstop. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Kozma singled to center. Wigginton singled to left, Kozma to second. Carpenter singled to center, Kozma scored, Wigginton to second. Gonzalez pitching for Brewers. Jay singled to left, Wigginton scored, Carpenter to second. Badenhop pitching for Brewers. Holliday struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Bianchi grounded out to first. Weeks hit for Badenhop. Weeks struck out swinging. Aoki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Craig struck out swinging. Molina singled to right. Adams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Segura hit by pitch. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Segura out at second. Ramirez singled to left. Lucroy hit by pitch, Ramirez to second. Craig at first base. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Beltran in right field. Ramirez to third, Lucroy to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Gomez walked. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Kintzler pitching for Brewers. Freese lined out to center. Kozma struck out swinging. Axford pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez at first base. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Bianchi grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Aoki singled to right. Segura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Axford pitching for Brewers. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Jay struck out looking. Holliday doubled to right. Craig walked. Molina intentionally walked, Holliday to third, Craig to second. Descalso hit for Mujica. Descalso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 10th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Braun singled to center. Ramirez singled to right, Braun to third. Lucroy grounded out to third, Ramirez to second. Gomez intentionally walked. Schafer hit for Axford. Schafer grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Braun out at home, Ramirez to third, Gomez to second. Bianchi singled to center, Ramirez and Gomez scored, Schafer to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Henderson pitching for Brewers. Freese grounded out to pitcher. Kozma popped out to shortstop. Beltran flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Cardinals 4.	Bianchi's single in 10th lifts Brewers over Cards