Cardinals - Top 1st. Volquez pitching for Padres. Carpenter flied out to center. Beltran struck out looking. Holliday grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cabrera grounded out to second. Venable grounded out to second. Headley walked. Alonso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Craig grounded out to third. Molina struck out looking. Jay struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gyorko doubled to right. Denorfia singled to right, Gyorko to third. Amarista grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Gyorko scored, Denorfia out at second. Baker struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Descalso reached on infield single to first. Kozma struck out swinging. Wainwright sacrificed to catcher, Descalso to second. Carpenter doubled to right center, Descalso scored. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Volquez grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Venable grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Holliday flied out to right. Craig flied out to center. Molina lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Headley flied out to center. Alonso flied out to left. Gyorko struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Jay singled to center. Descalso doubled to right, Jay scored. Kozma reached on infield single to second, Descalso to third. Wainwright sacrificed to first, Kozma to second. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran singled to center, Descalso and Kozma scored. Holliday singled to right center, Beltran to third. Craig hit ground rule double to deep right, Beltran scored, Holliday to third. Molina lined out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Denorfia struck out swinging. Amarista singled to right. Baker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Amarista out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Jay flied out to left. Descalso walked. Descalso caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kozma grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Blanks hit for Volquez. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blanks flied out to right. Cabrera bunt popped out to first. Venable lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Bass pitching for Padres. Wainwright grounded out to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Headley struck out swinging. Alonso grounded out to second. Gyorko singled to center. Denorfia struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Bass pitching for Padres. Holliday struck out swinging, Holliday safe at first on wild pitch by Bass. Craig singled to right, Holliday to second. Molina grounded out to first, Holliday to third, Craig to second. Jay intentionally walked. Descalso homered to right (403 feet), Holliday, Craig and Jay scored. Kozma singled to right. Wainwright grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kozma out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Amarista lined out to left. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Baker flied out to center. Kotsay hit for Bass. Kotsay singled to center. Cabrera walked, Kotsay to second. Venable grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Venable in center field. Guzman in left field. Denorfia in right field. Amarista at third base. Ross pitching for Padres. Carpenter singled to right, Carpenter to second on error by right fielder Denorfia. Beltran singled to right, Carpenter to third. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to right, Carpenter scored. Craig grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltran out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 9th. Robinson in left field. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Alonso reached on infield single to pitcher. Gyorko singled to left center, Alonso to third. Denorfia reached on infield single to second, Alonso scored, Gyorko to second. Amarista grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Denorfia out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Padres 2.	Wainwright's arm, Descalso's slam carry Cards