Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Parra grounded out to second. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to right. Kubel walked, Goldschmidt to second. Ross grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to first. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday walked. Craig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Prado doubled to deep right center. Gregorius singled to left, Prado scored. Nieves grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gregorius out at second. Miley grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Freese lined out to right. Robinson singled to center. Cruz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Robinson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Kozma flied out to center. Kelly flied out to right. Carpenter doubled to deep left center. Beltran grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Kubel flied out to left. Ross flied out to right. Prado popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday singled to left. Craig singled to center, Holliday to second. Freese flied out to right, Holliday to third. Robinson singled to center, Holliday scored, Craig to second. Cruz grounded out to pitcher, Craig to third, Robinson to second. Kozma grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Gregorius popped out to shortstop. Nieves struck out swinging. Miley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Kelly grounded out to first. Carpenter singled to right. Beltran grounded into double play, third to second to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Bloomquist singled to left. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Kubel safe at third on error by left fielder Holliday, Bloomquist scored. Ross grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig lined out to center. Freese singled to center. Robinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Prado doubled to deep center. Gregorius hit by pitch. Nieves singled to right, Prado scored, Gregorius to third. Miley struck out swinging. Parra grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gregorius out at home, Nieves to second. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Jay in center field. Bloomquist hit by pitch, Nieves to third, Parra to second. Goldschmidt homered to center (422 feet), Nieves, Parra and Bloomquist scored. Kubel struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Miley pitching for Diamondbacks. Cruz grounded out to pitcher. Kozma singled to center. Jay singled to center, Kozma to second. Carpenter reached on infield single to second, Kozma to third, Jay to second. Beltran singled to left, Kozma and Jay scored, Carpenter to third, Beltran out stretching at second. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Ross struck out swinging. Prado flied out to center. Gregorius hit by pitch. Nieves singled to left, Gregorius to third. Hinske hit for Ziegler. Hinske walked, Nieves to second. Parra singled to center, Gregorius and Nieves scored, Hinske to second. Bloomquist singled to center, Hinske scored, Parra to second. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Harris pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams hit for Craig. Adams grounded out to shortstop. Freese struck out swinging. Cleto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Carpenter in right field. Descalso at second base. Wigginton in left field. Adams at first base. Cleto pitching for Cardinals. Kubel singled to center. Ross struck out looking. Wilson hit for Prado. Wilson struck out swinging. Pennington hit for Gregorius. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Sipp pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson at third base. Pennington at shortstop. Pollock in center field. Cruz flied out to center. Kozma popped out to second. Jay safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington. Carpenter singled to right, Jay to second. Descalso flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Final score: Diamondbacks 10 - Cardinals 3.	Goldschmidt grand slam powers D-backs again