Cardinals - Top 1st. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Carpenter singled to right. Beltran flied out to left. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carpenter safe at second on error by third baseman Lucas. Craig singled to left, Carpenter scored, Holliday to second. Molina singled to right, Holliday scored, Craig to third. Freese struck out looking. Jay grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Pierre reached on infield single to second. Pierre stole second. Lucas grounded out to pitcher. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Kozma popped out to third. Westbrook grounded out to third. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Dietrich safe at first on error by second baseman Carpenter. Hechavarria singled to center, Dietrich to second. Dobbs grounded out to second, Dietrich to third, Hechavarria to second. Mathis grounded out to second, Dietrich scored, Hechavarria to third. Fernandez singled to center, Hechavarria scored. Pierre lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Beltran struck out swinging. Holliday struck out swinging. Craig struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Lucas lined out to third. Stanton singled to right. Ozuna grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Freese walked. Jay walked, Freese to second. Kozma struck out swinging. Westbrook struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Dietrich singled to center. Hechavarria grounded into fielder's choice to second, Dietrich out at second. Dobbs doubled to left, Hechavarria scored. Mathis walked. Fernandez bunted into double play, catcher to third to first, Dobbs out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Carpenter struck out looking. Beltran singled to left center. Holliday grounded into double play, third to second to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Westbrook pitching for Cardinals. Pierre doubled to left. Lucas hit by pitch. Stanton doubled to deep center, Pierre and Lucas scored. Ozuna flied out to right. Dietrich grounded out to shortstop, Stanton to third. Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Craig singled to center. Molina fouled out to right. Freese struck out swinging. Jay doubled to deep center, Craig scored. Kozma grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Dobbs flied out to center. Mathis doubled to deep center. Fernandez flied out to right. Pierre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Wigginton hit for Kelly. Fernandez pitching for Marlins. Wigginton popped out to first. Carpenter struck out swinging. Beltran grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Butler pitching for Cardinals. Lucas flied out to left. Stanton doubled to deep left. Ozuna flied out to left. Dietrich struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Qualls pitching for Marlins. Holliday singled to center. Craig struck out looking. Molina grounded out to pitcher, Holliday to second. Freese doubled to deep right, Holliday scored. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Jay struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Hechavarria flied out to right. Dobbs lined out to left. Mathis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Descalso hit for Kozma. Descalso grounded out to second. Adams hit for Siegrist. Adams struck out looking. Carpenter grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Marlins 5.	Fernandez K's 10 as Marlins edge Cardinals