Cardinals - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Cubs. Carpenter flied out to center. Beltran singled to right. Craig singled to right, Beltran to second. Freese lined out to first. Molina singled to center, Beltran scored, Craig to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena grounded out to second. Castro tripled to deep right center. Rizzo lined out to second. Soriano flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Kozma lined out to left. Jay singled to left. Wainwright sacrificed to catcher, Jay to second. Carpenter walked. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Navarro grounded out to third. Bogusevic grounded out to first. Sappelt doubled to center. Barney singled to center, Sappelt scored. Wood struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Cubs. Craig struck out swinging. Freese popped out to second. Molina singled to center. Adams singled to right, Molina to third. Kozma reached on bunt single to third, Molina scored, Adams to second. Jay walked, Adams to third, Kozma to second. Wainwright popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena doubled to deep right. Castro hit by pitch. Rizzo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Castro out at second, Valbuena to third. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Carpenter lined out to left. Beltran lined out to center. Craig doubled to left. Freese reached on infield single to shortstop, Craig scored. Molina lined out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Navarro walked. Bogusevic struck out swinging. Sappelt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Navarro out at second. Barney flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Adams lined out to first. Kozma grounded out to shortstop. Jay lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Wood popped out to first. Valbuena singled to center. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Valbuena out at second. Rizzo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Wood pitching for Cubs. Wainwright flied out to left. Carpenter singled to left. Beltran flied out to right. Craig walked, Carpenter to second. Strop pitching for Cubs. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Craig out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Soriano flied out to right. Navarro singled to center. Bogusevic singled to right, Navarro to second. Sappelt struck out swinging. Barney homered to left center (366 feet), Navarro and Bogusevic scored. Borbon hit for Strop. Borbon grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Guerrier pitching for Cubs. Molina doubled to left. Adams grounded out to first, Molina to third. Kozma reached on infield single to shortstop, Molina scored. Jay flied out to center. Descalso hit for Wainwright. Descalso singled to right, Kozma to third. Russell pitching for Cubs. Carpenter singled to center, Kozma scored, Descalso to third. Beltran struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Valbuena grounded out to second. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Castro struck out swinging. Rizzo walked. Soriano struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Parker pitching for Cubs. Craig singled to center. Freese grounded into fielder's choice to third, Craig out at second. Molina flied out to center. Adams doubled to deep center, Freese scored. Kozma reached on infield single to shortstop, Adams to third. Jay hit by pitch, Kozma to second. Bowden pitching for Cubs. Rosenthal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Navarro grounded out to first. Gillespie hit for Bogusevic. Gillespie singled to right. Sappelt struck out swinging. Barney singled to right, Gillespie to second. Ransom hit for Bowden. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Ransom doubled to left center, Gillespie and Barney scored. Valbuena lined out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gillespie in center field. Gregg pitching for Cubs. Carpenter flied out to right. Beltran doubled to deep right, Beltran to third on error by right fielder Sappelt. Craig singled to left, Beltran scored. Freese singled to left, Craig to second. Molina homered to left (380 feet), Craig and Freese scored. Adams flied out to left. Kozma flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Cubs - Bottom 9th. Mujica pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Rizzo grounded out to second. Soriano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Cubs 6.	Cardinals tally 4 in 9th to keep Cubs at bay