Cardinals - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out swinging. Jay walked. Jay stole second. Holliday walked. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to second, Holliday out at second, Jay to third. Molina singled to center, Jay scored, Beltran to second. Adams flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson grounded out to first. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. Tulowitzki walked. Cuddyer singled to center, Tulowitzki to third. Helton lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Freese struck out looking. Descalso singled to left. Kelly sacrificed to pitcher, Descalso to second. Carpenter singled to right, Descalso scored. Jay grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon lined out to left. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Torrealba catching. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Holliday doubled to deep right center. Beltran lined out to shortstop. Molina doubled to deep left, Holliday scored. Adams singled to left, Molina scored. Freese walked, Adams to second. Descalso tripled to deep right, Adams and Freese scored. Kelly flied out to right. Carpenter singled to center, Descalso scored. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Jay singled to right, Carpenter to third. Holliday singled to center, Carpenter scored, Jay to third. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 6 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Scahill flied out to left. Dickerson singled to left. LeMahieu grounded out to second, Dickerson to second. Tulowitzki flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Molina flied out to left. Adams flied out to left. Freese doubled to deep right center. Descalso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Cuddyer walked. Helton lined out to right. Torrealba singled to center, Cuddyer to second. Blackmon lined out to left. Cuddyer to third, Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Kelly. Rutledge lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Scahill pitching for Rockies. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter hit by pitch. Jay struck out swinging. Holliday homered to right (392 feet), Carpenter scored. Beltran struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Fowler hit for Scahill. Kelly pitching for Cardinals. Fowler lined out to left. Dickerson grounded out to second. LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Adams struck out swinging. Freese singled to center. Descalso struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tulowitzki lined out to left. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Helton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Herrera at shortstop. Wheeler at first base. Francis pitching for Rockies. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. Carpenter struck out swinging. Jay singled to center. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop, Jay to second. Robinson ran for Holliday. Beltran walked, Jay to third, Robinson to second. Chambers ran for Beltran. Molina grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Robinson in right field. Chambers in left field. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Torrealba grounded out to second. Blackmon doubled to deep right. Rutledge walked. Culberson hit for Francis. Culberson singled to deep right center, Blackmon scored, Rutledge to second, Rutledge scored, Culberson to third on error by right fielder Robinson. Dickerson struck out looking. LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher, Culberson scored. Herrera singled to center, LeMahieu to second. Cuddyer singled to center, LeMahieu scored, Herrera to third. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Wheeler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cuddyer out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Dickerson in center field. Boggs pitching for Rockies. Blackmon in right field. Culberson in left field. Adams singled to center. Freese walked, Adams to second. Descalso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Freese out at second, Adams to third. Wong hit for Maness. Wong grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Axford pitching for Cardinals. Torrealba struck out swinging. Blackmon struck out looking. Rutledge singled to right. Rutledge to second on fielder's indifference. Culberson walked. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Dickerson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Carpenter singled to center. Jay doubled to left, Carpenter to third. Robinson lined out to shortstop. Chambers grounded out to second. Carpenter scored, Jay to third on wild pitch by Corpas. Molina popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Herrera struck out looking. Pacheco hit for Corpas. Pacheco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 11 - Rockies 4.	Cards take over 1st in Central