Padres - Top 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Margot popped out to second . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Myers homered to center ( 441 feet ) . Solarte grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Choo singled to center . Andrus singled to right center , Choo to third . Choo scored , Andrus to second on wild pitch by Perdomo . Mazara struck out swinging . G贸mez struck out swinging . Andrus caught stealing third , pitcher to shortstop to third . Odor batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Schimpf struck out looking . Aybar homered to right ( 415 feet ) . Renfroe singled to left . Szczur doubled to deep right center , Renfroe scored . Torrens grounded out to first , Szczur to third . Margot grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Odor doubled to right center . Lucroy walked . Napoli grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lucroy out at second , Odor to third . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Myers flied out to center . Solarte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . DeShields lined out to center . Choo singled to right . Andrus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Schimpf struck out swinging . Aybar singled to right . Aybar stole second . Renfroe flied out to center . Szczur reached on infield single to shortstop , Aybar to third . Szczur to second on wild pitch by Darvish . Torrens grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Mazara doubled to deep center . G贸mez struck out swinging . Odor struck out swinging . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Margot grounded out to pitcher . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Myers grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Napoli walked . Gallo walked , Napoli to second . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gallo out at second , Napoli to third . Choo singled to center , Napoli scored , DeShields to third . Andrus struck out swinging , Choo stole second . Mazara intentionally walked . DeShields scored , Choo to third , Mazara to second on balk by Perdomo . G贸mez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Solarte flied out to left . Schimpf singled to right center . Schimpf to second on passed ball by Lucroy . Aybar grounded out to first , Schimpf to third . Renfroe grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Perdomo pitching for Padres . Odor grounded out to second . Lucroy reached on infield single to shortstop . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Szczur singled to center . Torrens singled to left , Szczur to second . Margot bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Szczur out at third , Torrens to second . Spangenberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Margot out at second . Myers lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hand pitching for Padres . Gallo struck out swinging . DeShields walked . Choo walked , DeShields to second . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choo out at second , DeShields to third , DeShields scored , Andrus to second on throwing error by second baseman Solarte . Mazara hit by pitch . G贸mez struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Rua in left field . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Solarte grounded out to shortstop . Schimpf lined out to second . Aybar walked . Kela pitching for Rangers . Renfroe popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Padres . Odor lined out to pitcher . Yates pitching for Padres . Lucroy singled to right . Napoli flied out to left . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Szczur lined out to shortstop . Hedges hit for Torrens . Hedges struck out swinging . Margot doubled to right center . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 3 - Rangers 4 .	Rangers score trio of runs without hits , beat Padres 4 - 3