Rangers - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . DeShields struck out looking . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Kipnis safe at second on error by left fielder Mazara . Lindor singled to right , Kipnis scored . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lindor out at second . Encarnación doubled to left , Brantley to third . Ramírez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Brantley out at home , Encarnación to third , Ramírez to second . Chisenhall struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Beltré grounded out to shortstop . Mazara grounded out to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Santana popped out to second . Zimmer struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Odor grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos grounded out to pitcher . Gallo walked . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gallo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Kipnis walked . Lindor singled to deep center , Kipnis to third . Brantley singled to center , Kipnis scored , Lindor to third . Encarnación grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brantley out at second . Ramírez singled to right , Lindor scored , Ramírez out at second , Encarnación to third . Chisenhall struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Choo lined out to center . Andrus singled to center . Beltré flied out to left . Mazara flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Santana lined out to center . Zimmer singled to center . Pérez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Lucroy grounded out to second . Odor flied out to center . Chirinos homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Gallo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Kipnis doubled to deep left . Lindor flied out to left . Kipnis stole third . Brantley struck out swinging . Encarnación struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Indians . DeShields grounded out to second . Choo singled to center . Andrus singled to left center , Choo to second . Beltré grounded out to third , Choo to third , Andrus to second . Mazara grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Ramírez flied out to center . Chisenhall struck out swinging . Santana grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Lucroy lined out to right . Miller pitching for Indians . Odor lined out to shortstop . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Frieri pitching for Rangers . Zimmer walked . Pérez walked , Zimmer to second . Kipnis sacrificed to third , Zimmer to third , Pérez to second . Lindor intentionally walked . Álvarez pitching for Rangers . Brantley singled to left , Zimmer scored , Pérez to third , Lindor to second . Encarnación singled to left , Pérez scored , Lindor to third , Brantley to second . Ramírez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Encarnación out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Gómez hit for Gallo . Miller pitching for Indians . Gómez struck out swinging . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Kozma at first base . Rafael Alvarez pitching for Rangers . Chisenhall walked . Santana reached on infield single to pitcher , Chisenhall to second . Zimmer bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Chisenhall out at third , Santana to second . Pérez struck out swinging . Kipnis singled to shallow right , Santana to third , Zimmer to second . Lindor fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Allen pitching for Indians . Andrus homered to center ( 409 feet ) . Beltré grounded out to first . Mazara struck out swinging . Lucroy singled to right . Lucroy to second on fielder 's indifference . Odor singled to center , Lucroy scored . Chirinos struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 3 - Indians 5 .	Bauer , Brantley spark Indians ' 5 - 3 win in Francona 's return