Orioles - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to third . Machado grounded out to third . Schoop struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Orioles . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus struck out looking . Mazara grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Mancini singled to center . Davis struck out swinging . Castillo fouled out to first . Rickard popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Beltré struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . Odor bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Tejada lined out to center . Gentry reached on infield single to second . Gentry caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second to first . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Gómez singled to left . Chirinos struck out swinging . Gallo flied out to center . DeShields flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Machado doubled to left . Schoop walked . Mancini singled to right , Machado scored , Schoop to third . Davis singled to center , Schoop scored , Mancini to third . Castillo singled to right , Mancini scored , Davis to second . Rickard fouled out to left , Davis to third , Castillo to second . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis scored , Castillo out at third . Gentry grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Andrus flied out to center . Mazara walked . Beltré doubled to left , Mazara to third . Napoli popped out to first . Odor singled to center , Mazara and Beltré scored . Gómez hit by pitch , Odor to second . Chirinos flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Jones grounded out to third . Machado singled to shallow right . Schoop homered to left ( 412 feet ) , Machado scored . Mancini walked . Davis singled to right center , Mancini to third . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Castillo homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Mancini and Davis scored . Rickard safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltré . Tejada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rickard out at second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Gallo singled to center . DeShields lined out to left . Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Machado , Gallo to second . Mazara flied out to center , Gallo to third . Beltré lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Gentry singled to center . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gentry out at second . Machado walked , Jones to second . Schoop singled to left , Jones scored , Machado to second . Mancini grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schoop out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . O'Day pitching for Orioles . Napoli struck out looking . Odor homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Gómez struck out swinging . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Jeffress pitching for Rangers . Davis grounded out to second . Castillo fouled out to shortstop . Rickard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Gallo struck out looking . DeShields struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Robinson in center field . Nicholas catching . Grilli pitching for Rangers . Tejada grounded out to first . Gentry grounded out to second . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Castro pitching for Orioles . Mazara homered to right ( 419 feet ) . Beltré struck out swinging , Beltré safe at first on wild pitch by Castro . Napoli struck out swinging . Hart pitching for Orioles . Odor homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Beltré scored . Robinson walked . Nicholas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Robinson out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Grilli pitching for Rangers . Machado doubled to right , Machado out stretching at third . Schoop flied out to right . Mancini flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Hart pitching for Orioles . Gallo walked . Givens pitching for Orioles . Choo hit for DeShields . Choo struck out looking . Andrus hit by pitch , Gallo to second . Britton pitching for Orioles . Mazara struck out swinging . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 10 - Rangers 6 .	Beltre gets 3,000th hit in Rangers ' 10 - 6 loss to Orioles