Tigers - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook singled to right . Upton homered to center ( 444 feet ) , Mahtook scored . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Hicks flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . DeShields walked . Andrus walked , DeShields to second . Mazara singled to center , DeShields scored , Andrus to third . Beltré hit sacrifice fly to right , Andrus scored . Gallo walked , Mazara to second . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gallo out at second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Martínez singled to center . McCann grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martínez out at second . Presley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher . Chirinos singled to left , Odor to second . Odor stole third . Robinson struck out looking . DeShields sacrificed to catcher , Odor scored , Chirinos to second . Andrus lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Iglesias flied out to right . Kinsler grounded out to first . Mahtook singled to center . Upton walked , Mahtook to second . Castellanos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Mazara singled to center . Beltré grounded into double play , third to second to first , Mazara out at second . Gallo homered to center ( 428 feet ) . Napoli grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Hicks grounded out to pitcher . Martínez flied out to right . McCann singled to center . Presley lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Odor doubled to right center . Chirinos sacrificed to pitcher , Odor to third . Robinson singled to left , Odor scored . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Robinson out at second , DeShields to second on throwing error by second baseman Kinsler . Andrus flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Iglesias flied out to center . Machado hit for Kinsler . Machado grounded out to third . Mahtook reached on infield single to shortstop . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Machado at second base . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Mazara popped out to second . Beltré struck out swinging . Gallo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Castellanos grounded out to pitcher . Hicks struck out looking . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Ferrell pitching for Tigers . Napoli flied out to right . Odor singled to center . Odor stole second , Odor safe at third on throwing error by catcher McCann . Chirinos singled to center , Odor scored . Robinson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Chirinos out at second . DeShields fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . McCann struck out swinging . Presley struck out looking . Iglesias lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Andrus singled to right . Mazara reached on infield single to third , Andrus to second . Beltré grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mazara out at second , Andrus to third . Gallo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Machado walked . Mahtook struck out swinging . Machado to second on passed ball by Chirinos . Upton grounded out to second , Machado to third . Castellanos lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Napoli lined out to left . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Hicks singled to left . Martínez lined out to center . McCann singled to center , Hicks to second . Presley struck out swinging . Iglesias singled to right , Hicks to third , McCann to second . Machado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 2 - Rangers 6 .	Gallo HR , some small ball for Rangers in 6 - 2 win over Tigers