Tigers - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Kinsler homered to left ( 383 feet ) . Mahtook grounded out to first . Upton struck out swinging . Cabrera walked . Hicks struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . DeShields flied out to right . Choo lined out to left . Andrus lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Castellanos doubled to left . McCann singled to center , Castellanos scored on error by center fielder DeShields . Presley grounded into double play , second to first , McCann out at second . Iglesias lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Beltré singled to right center . Mazara homered to right ( 408 feet ) , Beltré scored . Gallo struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to center . Odor singled to right . Chirinos singled to right , Odor to third . DeShields grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Kinsler walked . Mahtook homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Kinsler scored . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera doubled to deep right center . Hicks singled to left , Cabrera to third . Hicks caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Castellanos struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Tigers . Choo flied out to left . Andrus walked . Beltré homered to center ( 430 feet ) , Andrus scored . Mazara singled to left center . Bell pitching for Tigers . Gallo walked , Mazara to second . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gallo out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . McCann flied out to center . Presley flied out to left . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos walked . DeShields walked , Chirinos to second . Choo lined into double play , pitcher to second , Chirinos out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Kinsler walked . Kinsler stole second . Mahtook walked . Upton flied out to center , Kinsler to third , Mahtook to second . Cabrera intentionally walked . Hicks struck out swinging . Castellanos popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Andrus homered to center ( 413 feet ) . Beltré fouled out to first . Mazara struck out swinging . Gallo doubled to deep right center . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . McCann flied out to right . Presley singled to center . Iglesias popped out to second . Kinsler singled to right , Presley to second . Mahtook grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Presley out at third , Kinsler to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Odor safe at first on error by first baseman Hicks . Odor caught stealing second , Odor safe at second on error by Kinsler . Chirinos hit by pitch . DeShields reached on bunt single to pitcher , Odor to third , Chirinos to second . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Choo grounded out to first , Odor scored , Chirinos to third , DeShields to second . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Andrus singled to center , Chirinos and DeShields scored . Andrus stole second . Beltré walked . Mazara singled to center , Andrus scored , Beltré to second . Gallo grounded out to shortstop , Beltré to third , Mazara to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Upton struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to deep right , Cabrera out stretching at second . Hicks walked . Castellanos lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos walked . DeShields singled to left , Chirinos to second . Choo flied out to left . Andrus singled to left , Chirinos scored , DeShields to second . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Beltré struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Mariñez pitching for Rangers . McCann hit by pitch . Presley lined out to right . Iglesias popped out to second . Kinsler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Mazara struck out swinging . Gallo homered to right center ( 420 feet ) . Napoli struck out swinging . Odor singled to center . Chirinos safe at second on error by third baseman Castellanos , Odor scored . Ferrell pitching for Tigers . DeShields singled to left , Chirinos to third . Choo walked , DeShields to second . Andrus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Marinez pitching for Rangers . Mahtook walked . Romine hit for Upton . Romine doubled to deep left , Mahtook scored . Machado hit for Cabrera . Machado struck out swinging . Hicks struck out swinging . Castellanos doubled to deep center , Romine scored . McCann popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Rangers 12 .	Andrus has 4 RBIs as Rangers beat Tigers 12 - 6 for sweep