White Sox - Top 1st . Ross pitching for Rangers . García grounded out to second . Moncada homered to right ( 369 feet ) . Abreu grounded out to third . Delmonico grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for White Sox . DeShields lined out to right . Choo singled to right . Andrus flied out to center . Choo caught stealing second , catcher to second . Beltré batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Ross pitching for Rangers . Sánchez grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Narváez walked . Hanson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Narváez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Beltré popped out to first . Mazara flied out to left . Gallo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Ross pitching for Rangers . Engel safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus . García singled to shallow center , Engel to third . Moncada walked , García to second . Abreu singled to left , Engel and García scored , Moncada to second . Delmonico grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Abreu out at second , Moncada to third . Sánchez singled to center , Moncada scored . Anderson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Odor singled to shallow center . Robinson struck out swinging . Nicholas homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Odor scored . DeShields walked . Choo walked , DeShields to second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , DeShields to third , Choo to second . Beltré walked . Mazara singled to center , DeShields and Choo scored , Beltré to second . Gallo struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Narváez walked . Hanson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Narváez out at second . Hanson stole second . Engel struck out looking , Hanson stole third . García doubled to deep left , Hanson scored . Moncada walked . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . Odor flied out to center . Robinson struck out swinging . Nicholas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ross pitching for Rangers . Delmonico grounded out to second . Sánchez walked . Anderson walked , Sánchez to second . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Narváez flied out to left . Hanson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Lopez pitching for White Sox . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo walked . Andrus singled to left , Choo to second . Beck pitching for White Sox . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Choo scored on error by second baseman Moncada , Andrus safe at third on error by second baseman Moncada . Mazara homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Andrus and Beltré scored . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Gallo struck out swinging . Odor struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Engel struck out swinging . García grounded out to pitcher . Moncada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Pelfrey pitching for White Sox . Robinson grounded out to third . Nicholas singled to left . DeShields walked , Nicholas to second . Choo flied out to center , Nicholas to third . DeShields stole second . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Abreu struck out swinging . Delmonico popped out to shortstop . Sánchez singled to center . Anderson tripled to deep right center , Sánchez scored . Narváez doubled to deep left center , Anderson scored . Hanson grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Goldberg pitching for White Sox . Beltré walked . Mazara grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Beltré out at second . Gallo walked . Odor singled to center , Gallo to third . Odor to second on fielder 's indifference . Robinson walked . Nicholas walked , Gallo scored , Odor to third , Robinson to second . Covey pitching for White Sox . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Engel struck out swinging . García grounded out to shortstop . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Beltré flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Abreu homered to left ( 439 feet ) . Saladino hit for Delmonico . Saladino singled to right . Sánchez struck out swinging . Anderson flied out to center . Smith hit for Narváez . Smith grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saladino out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Rangers 9 .	Mazara homers , drives in 5 as Rangers top White Sox 9 - 8