White Sox - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Anderson flied out to right . Saladino walked . Abreu singled to right center , Saladino to second . García singled to right , Saladino to third , Abreu to second . Smith doubled to left , Saladino and Abreu scored , García to third , García scored , Smith to third on throwing error by left fielder Gallo . Delmonico walked . García singled to center , Smith scored , Delmonico to second . Engel flied out to left . Sánchez singled to center , Delmonico scored , García to third . Anderson flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Holland pitching for White Sox . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo singled to left center . Andrus singled to center , Choo to second . Beltré walked , Choo to third , Andrus to second . Mazara grounded out to first , Choo scored , Andrus to third , Beltré to second . Napoli lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Saladino grounded out to second . Abreu struck out swinging . García singled to right . Smith lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Holland pitching for White Sox . Gallo walked . Odor grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gallo out at second . Chirinos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Delmonico struck out swinging . García grounded out to second . Engel grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Holland pitching for White Sox . DeShields doubled to deep left . Choo reached on infield single to second , DeShields scored , Choo to second on throwing error by second baseman Sánchez . Andrus walked . Beltré grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Choo out at third , Andrus to second . Mazara flied out to center . Napoli doubled to left center , Andrus and Beltré scored , Napoli to third on throwing error by shortstop Anderson . Gallo walked . Odor homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Napoli and Gallo scored . Covey pitching for White Sox . Chirinos struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Sánchez struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . Saladino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Covey pitching for White Sox . DeShields walked . Choo reached on infield single to shortstop , DeShields to second . DeShields stole third , Choo stole second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , DeShields scored , Choo to third . Beltré singled to left center , Choo scored . Mazara singled to left , Beltré to second . Napoli homered to left ( 396 feet ) , Beltré and Mazara scored . Gallo struck out swinging . Odor homered to right center ( 466 feet ) . Chirinos singled to center . DeShields doubled to deep left , Chirinos thrown out at home . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Abreu tripled to deep right . García hit sacrifice fly to center , Abreu scored . Smith grounded out to third . Delmonico lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Choo grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . Beltré singled to left . Mazara safe at first on error by shortstop Anderson , Beltré to second . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . García walked . Engel fouled out to catcher . Sánchez flied out to right . Anderson grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Gallo grounded out to second . Odor grounded out to third . Chirinos singled to right . DeShields singled to right , Chirinos to second . Choo homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Chirinos and DeShields scored . Andrus lined out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Rangers . Saladino lined out to right . Abreu homered to left center ( 416 feet ) . García struck out swinging . Smith doubled to right . Delmonico struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Goldberg pitching for White Sox . Beltré hit by pitch . Mazara doubled to deep right center , Beltré to third . Napoli popped out to first . Gallo walked . Odor walked , Beltré scored , Mazara to third , Gallo to second . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Chirinos struck out swinging . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gallo out at third , Odor to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Robinson in left field . Gallo at third base . Mariñez pitching for Rangers . García singled to center . Engel walked , García to second . Sánchez flied out to right , García to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Saladino grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Petricka pitching for White Sox . Choo struck out looking . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Robinson singled to deep right , Andrus to second . Mazara grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Robinson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Marinez pitching for Rangers . Abreu singled to left . Hanson ran for Abreu . García flied out to right . Smith singled to center , Hanson to second . Delmonico grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 7 - Rangers 17 .	Odor hits 2 HRs as Rangers rally for 17 - 7 win over White Sox