Angels - Top 1st . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Phillips walked . Trout walked , Phillips to second . Upton grounded out to third , Phillips to third , Trout to second . Pujols doubled to right , Phillips and Trout scored . Simmons struck out swinging . Calhoun flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Skaggs pitching for Angels . DeShields reached on infield single to second . DeShields stole second . Choo walked . DeShields stole third . Choo stole second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , DeShields scored , Choo to third . Mazara doubled to center , Choo scored . Gómez struck out swinging . Gallo popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Cron flied out to center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Pennington grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Napoli walked . Odor popped out to second . Chirinos doubled to left , Napoli to third . DeShields walked . Choo safe at first on error by left fielder Upton , Napoli scored , Chirinos to third , DeShields to second . Andrus singled to shallow right , Chirinos and DeShields scored , Choo to second . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus out at second , Choo to third . Gómez flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Phillips flied out to left . Trout singled to right center . Trout stole second . Upton struck out swinging . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Gallo homered to center ( 424 feet ) . Salas pitching for Angels . Napoli grounded out to pitcher . Odor lined out to left . Chirinos walked . DeShields walked , Chirinos to second . Choo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Simmons walked . Calhoun struck out swinging . Cron struck out swinging . Maldonado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Salas pitching for Angels . Andrus struck out swinging . Gurka pitching for Angels . Mazara doubled to deep right . Gómez lined out to center . Gallo lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Hamels pitching for Rangers . Pennington grounded out to third . Phillips grounded out to first . Trout singled to right . Upton doubled to deep right , Trout to third . Pujols singled to center , Trout and Upton scored . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Gallo . Calhoun hit by pitch , Pujols to third , Simmons to second . Cron grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Wood pitching for Angels . Napoli grounded out to catcher . Odor grounded out to first . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Maldonado flied out to left . Pennington singled to center . Phillips struck out swinging . Trout walked , Pennington to second . Upton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Middleton pitching for Angels . DeShields tripled to deep center . Choo homered to center ( 447 feet ) , DeShields scored . Andrus lined out to left . Mazara grounded out to third . Gómez homered to left ( 409 feet ) . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Gallo flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Pujols singled to center . Simmons reached on bunt single to third , Pujols to second . Calhoun walked , Pujols to third , Simmons to second . Cron hit ground rule double to right center , Pujols and Simmons scored , Calhoun to third . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Maldonado struck out swinging . Pennington hit sacrifice fly to center , Calhoun scored , Cron to third . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Alvarez pitching for Angels . Napoli singled to right . Odor singled to center , Napoli to third . Ramirez pitching for Angels . Chirinos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Odor out at third . DeShields struck out looking . Choo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Grilli pitching for Rangers . Trout popped out to shortstop . Upton singled to shallow left center . Pujols singled to center , Upton to third . Young Jr. ran for Pujols . Young Jr. stole second . Simmons reached on infield single to pitcher , Upton scored , Young Jr. to third . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Calhoun hit sacrifice fly to center , Young Jr. scored , Simmons to second . Cron lined out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Andrus flied out to right . Mazara struck out swinging . Gómez walked . Gómez stole second , Gómez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Maldonado . Gallo walked . Gómez scored , Gallo to second on wild pitch by Bedrosian . Napoli walked . Scribner pitching for Angels . Odor flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 9th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Maldonado flied out to right . Pennington singled to left . Phillips singled to right , Pennington to second . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips out at second , Pennington to third . Upton intentionally walked , Trout to second . Young Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 9 - Rangers 10 .	Rangers outlast Angels , tighten wild - card race