Angels - Top 1st . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Phillips flied out to left . Trout fouled out to third . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Nolasco pitching for Angels . DeShields walked . Choo doubled to deep center , DeShields to third . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , DeShields scored , Choo out at third . Andrus caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mazara grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Pujols flied out to center . Calhoun grounded out to shortstop . Simmons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Gómez homered to left center ( 421 feet ) . Gallo struck out swinging . Napoli flied out to left . Odor singled to right . Chirinos struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Valbuena popped out to shortstop . Cron struck out swinging . Maldonado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Angels . DeShields grounded out to shortstop . Choo grounded out to second . Andrus safe at first on error by shortstop Simmons . Mazara struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 4th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Phillips popped out to second . Trout doubled to left . Upton popped out to shortstop . Pujols singled to shallow left , Trout scored . Calhoun walked , Pujols to second . Simmons struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Gómez doubled to deep left . Gallo singled to right , Gómez scored . Napoli popped out to shortstop . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gallo out at second . Chirinos flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Valbuena fouled out to catcher . Cron struck out swinging . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . DeShields walked . Choo flied out to left . DeShields stole second . Andrus struck out looking . Mazara flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Griffin pitching for Rangers . Phillips popped out to shortstop . Trout doubled to deep right center . Upton grounded out to second , Trout to third . Pujols singled to center , Trout scored . Calhoun walked , Pujols to second . Espino pitching for Rangers . Simmons flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Nolasco pitching for Angels . Gómez struck out looking . Gallo struck out swinging . Napoli walked . Chavez pitching for Angels . Odor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Valbuena grounded out to second . Cron struck out swinging . Maldonado safe at first on error by third baseman Gallo . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Maldonado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Chavez pitching for Angels . Chirinos walked . DeShields reached on bunt single to third , Chirinos to second . Choo struck out looking . Andrus walked , Chirinos to third , DeShields to second . Mazara grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos scored , Andrus out at second , DeShields to third . Gómez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Trout grounded out to second . Upton singled to center . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Gurka pitching for Angels . Gallo walked . Salas pitching for Angels . Napoli safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Valbuena , Gallo advanced to second on Valbuena throwing error , Gallo tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Odor grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Napoli out at second . Odor stole second . Odor safe at third on error by second baseman Phillips . Chirinos grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Calhoun lined out to left . Simmons grounded out to first . Valbuena doubled to deep right center . Cron homered to left ( 351 feet ) , Valbuena scored . Maldonado doubled to center . Fontana ran for Maldonado . Phillips flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Graterol catching . Petit pitching for Angels . DeShields flied out to left . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 10th . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Trout walked . Trout to second on passed ball by Chirinos . Upton walked . Pujols walked , Trout to third , Upton to second . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Pennington ran for Pujols . Calhoun singled to left , Trout and Upton scored , Pennington to second . Simmons grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Calhoun out at second , Pennington to third . Valbuena walked , Simmons to second . Cowart ran for Valbuena . Cron hit sacrifice fly to center , Pennington scored , Simmons to third . Graterol lined out to left . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 10th . Cowart at third base . Parker pitching for Angels . Mazara grounded out to first . Gómez hit by pitch . Gallo grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Gómez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 7 - Rangers 4 .	Calhoun 's single breaks tie in 10th , Angels beat Rangers 7 - 4