Yankees - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Rangers . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Judge flied out to center . Sánchez singled to right center . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Holliday singled to center . Gregorius grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Odor . Headley singled to right , Holliday to third , Gregorius to second . Ellsbury singled to right , Holliday scored , Gregorius to third , Headley to second . Frazier hit by pitch , Gregorius scored , Headley to third , Ellsbury to second . Gardner struck out swinging . Judge struck out looking . Sánchez singled to left , Headley and Ellsbury scored , Frazier out at third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Mazara homered to right center ( 453 feet ) . Gómez flied out to left . Gallo struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Rangers . Castro safe at first on error by third baseman Gallo . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castro out at second . Gregorius homered to right center ( 378 feet ) . Headley grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Odor grounded out to second . Chirinos singled to center . DeShields doubled to left , Chirinos scored . Choo lined out to center , DeShields to third . Andrus doubled to left , DeShields scored . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Tanaka . Mazara struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Frazier singled to left center . Gardner popped out to second . Judge doubled to deep left , Frazier to third . Sánchez walked . Castro popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Gómez grounded out to second . Gallo struck out looking . Napoli struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Holliday grounded out to first . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Tanaka pitching for Yankees . Odor singled to right center . Chirinos doubled to left , Odor scored . DeShields singled to left , Chirinos to third . Chirinos scored , DeShields to second on wild pitch by Tanaka . Choo doubled to deep left , DeShields to third . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Andrus singled to right , DeShields and Choo scored . Mazara grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Gómez singled to right center . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Gallo struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Perez pitching for Rangers . Ellsbury struck out swinging . Frazier lined out to center . Gardner hit by pitch . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Judge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Shreve pitching for Yankees . Napoli grounded out to third . Odor struck out swinging . Chirinos walked . DeShields fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Rangers . Sánchez lined out to third . Castro struck out looking . Holliday grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Smith pitching for Yankees . Choo singled to left . Choo to second on wild pitch by Smith . Andrus walked . Mazara singled to deep right , Choo to third , Andrus to second . Heller pitching for Yankees . Hoying ran for Mazara . Gómez hit sacrifice fly to center , Choo scored . Andrus to third on wild pitch by Heller . Gallo singled to right , Andrus scored , Hoying to second . Napoli struck out swinging . Odor tripled to right , Hoying and Gallo scored . Chirinos walked . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . DeShields grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Chirinos out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Hoying in right field . Diekman pitching for Rangers . Gregorius grounded out to second . Headley grounded out to third . Ellsbury struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Torreyes at shortstop . Mitchell pitching for Yankees . Choo grounded out to third . Andrus doubled to shallow center . Hoying grounded out to second , Andrus to third . Gómez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Barnette pitching for Rangers . Frazier struck out looking . Gardner struck out swinging . Judge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 5 - Rangers 11 .	Perez wins 7th in a row ; Rangers rally to beat Yankees 11 - 5