Mariners - Top 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Segura flied out to center . Haniger struck out swinging . Canó grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . DeShields struck out looking . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Cruz singled to right . Seager flied out to center . Alonso singled to right , Cruz to second . Zunino singled to left , Cruz scored , Alonso to second , Alonso to third advancing on throw . Gamel homered to right ( 372 feet ) , Alonso and Zunino scored . Heredia popped out to second . Segura flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Mazara singled to center . Gallo struck out looking . Chirinos singled to left , Mazara to third . Calhoun singled to right , Mazara scored , Chirinos to second . Odor grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Calhoun out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Rangers . Haniger reached on infield single to third . Canó doubled to deep left , Haniger to third . Cruz flied out to right . Seager homered to right ( 414 feet ) , Haniger and Canó scored . Gardewine pitching for Rangers . Alonso grounded out to second . Zunino walked . Gamel singled to shallow left , Zunino to second . Heredia lined out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Rua singled to left . DeShields struck out swinging . Choo singled to center , Rua to second . Andrus struck out looking . Mazara singled to center , Rua scored , Choo to third . Gallo singled to center , Choo scored , Mazara to second . Chirinos grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Segura flied out to right . Haniger grounded out to shortstop . Canó flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Calhoun grounded out to first . Odor walked . Rua struck out looking . DeShields lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Cruz singled to left . Seager flied out to left . Alonso singled to right , Cruz to third . Zunino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz scored , Alonso out at second . Gamel struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Gonzales pitching for Mariners . Choo singled to shallow right . Andrus popped out to second . Mazara struck out looking . Gallo popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Heredia grounded out to shortstop . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Haniger doubled to deep left . Canó doubled to deep right center , Haniger scored . Cruz grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Pazos pitching for Mariners . Chirinos struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . Odor struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Bibens - Dirkx pitching for Rangers . Seager walked . Alonso popped out to second . Zunino singled to center , Seager to second . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Gamel singled to left , Seager to third , Zunino to second . Heredia struck out looking . Segura walked , Seager scored , Zunino to third , Gamel to second . Haniger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Segura out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Altavilla pitching for Mariners . Rua popped out to third . DeShields walked . Choo flied out to center . Andrus walked , DeShields to second . Mazara flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Nicholas catching . Leclerc pitching for Rangers . Canó singled to right . Cruz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Canó out at second . Hannemann ran for Cruz . Seager grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Hannemann out at second . Alonso walked , Seager to second . Seager to third , Alonso to second on wild pitch by Leclerc . Zunino struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Motter at shortstop . Simmons pitching for Mariners . Gallo safe at first on error by second baseman Canó . Nicholas grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gallo out at second . Calhoun lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Espino pitching for Rangers . Gamel struck out swinging . Heredia grounded out to second . Motter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Beckham at second base . Lawrence pitching for Mariners . Odor singled to center . Gosselin ran for Odor . Rua grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gosselin out at second . DeShields reached on infield single to first . Choo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Rangers 3 .	Big shots by Gamel , Seager push Mariners past Rangers 10 - 3