Orioles - Top 1st. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora walked. Tejada singled to left, Mora to second. Gibbons hit by pitch, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mora and Tejada scored, Gibbons to second. Lopez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hernandez out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Rios flied out to center. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson walked. Patterson stole second. Conine grounded out to pitcher, Patterson to third. Markakis hit by pitch. Markakis to second on wild pitch by Janssen. Roberts singled to right center, Patterson scored, Markakis to third. Mora popped out to second. Tejada grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Glaus walked. Overbay flied out to left. Hillenbrand singled to center, Glaus to third, Hillenbrand to second advancing on throw. Zaun singled to center, Glaus scored, Hillenbrand to third. Adams hit sacrifice fly to right, Hillenbrand scored, Zaun to second. McDonald flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons fouled out to third. Hernandez lined out to second. Lopez lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto grounded out to third. Rios flied out to left. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson reached on bunt single to first. Patterson stole second. Conine flied out to center. Markakis flied out to left. Roberts intentionally walked. Mora grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Glaus flied out to right. Overbay walked. Hillenbrand singled to left, Overbay to second. Zaun walked, Overbay to third, Hillenbrand to second. Adams struck out swinging. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. McDonald grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada reached on infield single to third. Gibbons struck out looking. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto grounded out to pitcher. Rios struck out looking. Wells grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson struck out swinging. Conine struck out swinging. Markakis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Glaus grounded out to third. Overbay grounded out to first. Hillenbrand grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts doubled to deep right. Mora reached on infield single to third. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada grounded out to second, Roberts scored, Mora to second. Gibbons singled to center, Mora to third. Hernandez doubled to deep center, Mora scored, Gibbons to third. Lopez lined out to first. Patterson doubled to center, Gibbons and Hernandez scored. Terrero in left field. Markakis in right field. Conine grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Zaun flied out to center. Adams flied out to center. McDonald grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis flied out to left. Roberts safe at first on error by first baseman Hillenbrand. Mora singled to center, Roberts to third. Tejada struck out swinging. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Terrero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto walked. Rios flied out to center. Wells singled to left, Catalanotto to second. Glaus grounded out to third, Catalanotto to third, Wells to second. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Overbay grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Chulk pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez flied out to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Patterson singled to right. Ray pitching for Orioles. Conine grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Hillenbrand doubled to deep center. Hillenbrand to third on passed ball by Hernandez. Zaun walked. Hinske hit for McDonald. Adams struck out looking. Hinske walked, Zaun to second. Catalanotto walked, Hillenbrand scored, Zaun to third, Hinske to second. Rios hit sacrifice fly to left, Zaun scored. Wells singled to left, Hinske scored, Catalanotto to second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wells out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Blue Jays 5.	O's score four runs in seventh, edge Blue Jays