Blue Jays - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Johnson flied out to right. Rios struck out swinging. Wells fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Patterson grounded out to first. Mora walked. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mora to second. Gibbons reached on infield single to third, Mora to third, Tejada to second. Hernandez singled to left, Mora scored, Tejada to third, Gibbons to second. Conine singled to right, Tejada scored, Gibbons to third, Hernandez to second. Markakis struck out swinging. Gomez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Conine out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Glaus homered to right center. Molina walked. Hillenbrand flied out to left. Overbay flied out to left. Hill flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Fahey grounded out to second. Patterson flied out to right. Mora grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. McDonald grounded out to first. Johnson walked. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at second. Wells flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada fouled out to first. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez homered to left. Conine struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Glaus grounded out to third. Molina singled to left center. Molina to second on wild pitch by Bedard. Hillenbrand walked. Overbay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hillenbrand out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Markakis doubled to deep center. Gomez grounded out to third. Fahey flied out to right. Patterson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Hill grounded out to second. McDonald singled to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to third, McDonald out at second. Rios singled to left, Johnson to second. Johnson to third, Rios to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Mora flied out to right. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Gibbons fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Glaus doubled to center. Molina grounded out to second, Glaus to third. Hillenbrand singled to left center, Glaus scored. Overbay flied out to center. Hill singled to right center, Hillenbrand to third. McDonald lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Hernandez fouled out to right. Conine walked. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Conine out at second. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto hit for Johnson. Gomez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Catalanotto flied out to center. Rios singled to center. Wells reached on infield single to third, Rios to second. Glaus homered to right, Rios and Wells scored. Halama pitching for Orioles. Molina singled to center. Hillenbrand singled to left, Molina to second. Overbay walked, Molina to third, Hillenbrand to second. Catalanotto in left field. Hill lined into double play, shortstop to second, Hillenbrand doubled off second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Fahey grounded out to shortstop. Patterson struck out swinging. Mora struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Halama pitching for Orioles. McDonald grounded out to catcher. Catalanotto struck out looking. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Lilly pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada lined out to second. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Gibbons grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop. Conine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Halama pitching for Orioles. Wells walked. Brower pitching for Orioles. Glaus hit ground rule double to left, Wells to third. Molina struck out swinging. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop, Wells scored. Overbay homered to right, Glaus and Hillenbrand scored. Hill flied out to center. McDonald singled to right center. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Terrero hit for Markakis. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Terrero flied out to center. Chavez hit for Fahey. Gomez walked. Chavez grounded out to first, Gomez to second. Patterson singled to center, Gomez scored. Patterson to second on fielder's indifference. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Mora singled to left, Patterson scored. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Tejada homered to center, Mora scored. Gibbons struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 9 - Orioles 7.	Glaus goes deep twice as Blue Jays outslug Orioles