Orioles - Top 1st. Escobar pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to right. Mora singled to center, Roberts to third. Tejada grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mora out at. Lopez singled to left. Hernandez flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Orioles. Figgins lined out to shortstop. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. Guerrero hit by pitch. Guerrero stole second. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Conine struck out swinging. Patterson struck out swinging. Millar hit by pitch. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Morales walked. Salmon doubled to left, Morales scored. McPherson grounded out to second, Salmon to third. Salmon caught stealing home, to catcher. Molina flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Escobar pitching for Angels. Roberts fouled out to left. Mora singled to center. Tejada grounded out to third, Mora to second. Lopez singled to shallow center, Mora scored. Hernandez safe at first on error by catcher Molina, Lopez to third. Conine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Kennedy struck out swinging. Figgins lined out to right. Cabrera fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Patterson flied out to right. Millar struck out looking. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop. Anderson singled to center, Guerrero to third. Morales fouled out to right. Salmon hit sacrifice fly to right, Guerrero scored. McPherson lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Roberts flied out to left. Mora lined out to right. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Molina reached on bunt single to pitcher. Kennedy singled to center, Molina to second. Baltimore's Manager Perlozzo ejected by Timmons in the 5th. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina scored, Figgins out at second, Kennedy to third. Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to left, Kennedy scored. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Lopez grounded out to third. Hernandez grounded out to second. Conine grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Morales struck out swinging. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Salmon walked. McPherson struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Escobar pitching for Angels. Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher. Millar singled to right, Patterson to third. Shields pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to right, Patterson scored, Millar to second. Mora doubled to right, Millar scored, Roberts to third. Tejada singled to right, Roberts and Mora scored. Lopez singled to center, Tejada to second. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Kennedy bunt grounded out to first. Williams pitching for Orioles. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Conine flied out to right. Patterson doubled to deep center. Patterson stole third. Romero pitching for Angels. Matos ran for Millar. Millar walked. Markakis grounded into fielder's choice to second, Patterson scored, Matos out at second. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Roberts singled to left, Markakis to second. Conine at first base. Matos in left field. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Guerrero singled to center. Anderson singled to center, Guerrero to second. Ray pitching for Orioles. Morales singled to center, Guerrero scored, Anderson to second. Salmon popped out to shortstop. McPherson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Morales out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Tejada grounded out to third. Lopez popped out to catcher. Aybar hit for Molina. Hernandez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Aybar tripled to deep right center. Kennedy grounded out to second, Aybar scored. Figgins walked. Cabrera singled to right, Figgins to second. Guerrero walked, Figgins to third, Cabrera to second. Anderson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guerrero out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Angels 6.	Orioles rally to snap Angels' win streak at four