Blue Jays - Top 1st. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Johnson singled to center. Rios singled to right, Johnson to third, Rios to second advancing on throw. Wells struck out swinging. Glaus flied out to left, Johnson thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to second. Mora singled to left. Tejada singled to center, Mora to third. Hernandez singled to right, Mora scored, Tejada to second. Millar grounded out to third, Tejada to third, Hernandez to second. Patterson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Hillenbrand reached on infield single to shortstop. Zaun grounded out to third, Hillenbrand to second. Hill singled to left, Hillenbrand scored. Alfonzo grounded out to pitcher. Conine flied out to left. Markakis walked. Roberts flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Johnson singled to center. Rios grounded out to shortstop, Johnson to second. Wells singled to center, Johnson scored. Glaus walked, Wells to second. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Glaus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Mora struck out looking. Tejada singled to right. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop, Tejada to second. Millar hit by pitch. Patterson singled to right, Tejada scored, Millar to second. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Molina grounded out to third. Zaun popped out to second. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Conine grounded out to second. Markakis grounded out to second. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Alfonzo grounded out to second. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. Rios grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Taubenheim pitching for Blue Jays. Mora fouled out to catcher. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Bedard pitching for Orioles. Wells doubled to deep right. Glaus struck out looking. Hillenbrand hit by pitch. Molina singled to right, Wells to third, Hillenbrand to second. Zaun batting. Hill reached on infield single to second, Wells scored, Hillenbrand to third, Molina to second. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Alfonzo grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Millar walked. Patterson struck out swinging. Lopez doubled to deep left center, Millar to third. Conine batting. Markakis safe at first on error by shortstop Hill, Millar scored, Lopez to third, Conine to second. Britton pitching for Orioles. Roberts grounded into double play, third to second to first, Markakis out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Johnson walked. Rios homered to left, Johnson scored. Wells flied out to right. Glaus singled to left center. Hillenbrand flied out to center. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Molina struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Blue Jays. Mora singled to left. Tejada grounded out to first, Mora to second. Hernandez batting. Schoeneweis pitching for Blue Jays. Millar singled to center, Mora scored. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Patterson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Rleal pitching for Orioles. Zaun doubled to deep right. Overbay hit for Alfonzo. Hill grounded out to third, Zaun to third. Overbay hit sacrifice fly to center, Zaun scored. Johnson walked. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Conine popped out to second. Chen pitching for Orioles. Markakis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Chen pitching for Orioles. Wells doubled to deep center. Glaus flied out to right, Wells to third. Hillenbrand intentionally walked. Hillenbrand caught stealing second, catcher to second. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts struck out looking. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Orioles 4.	Rios' two-run homer in seventh lifts Blue Jays past Orioles