Orioles - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Roberts doubled to right. Fahey sacrificed to third, Roberts to third. Mora singled to right, Roberts scored. Tejada homered to left, Mora scored. Hernandez doubled to deep right. Lopez grounded out to third. Patterson flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Punto walked. Kubel singled to right, Punto to second. Mauer walked, Punto to third, Kubel to second. Hunter fouled out to third. Cuddyer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Millar struck out swinging. Markakis grounded out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Redmond struck out looking. Morneau singled to left center. Batista singled to left, Morneau to second. Morneau to third, Batista to second on wild pitch by Cabrera. Castro struck out swinging. Punto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Fahey grounded out to second. Mora singled to center. Tejada grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Kubel grounded out to second. Mauer flied out to left. Hunter walked. Cuddyer walked, Hunter to second. Redmond struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Lopez popped out to second. Patterson bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Morneau singled to deep right, Morneau out stretching at second. Batista struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Millar singled to left. Markakis singled to right, Millar to second. Roberts singled to left center, Millar scored, Markakis to second. Fahey sacrificed to catcher, Markakis to third, Roberts to second. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada intentionally walked. Hernandez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Punto flied out to left. Kubel doubled to deep center. Mauer walked. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mauer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Lopez hit ground rule double to deep center. Patterson sacrificed to pitcher, Lopez to third. Millar doubled to deep right center, Lopez scored. Markakis grounded out to shortstop, Millar to third. Roberts lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Cuddyer walked. Redmond struck out swinging. Morneau popped out to shortstop. Lohse pitching for Twins. Batista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Fahey hit by pitch. Mora singled to left, Fahey to second. Tejada singled to center, Fahey scored, Mora to second. Hernandez doubled to deep center, Mora and Tejada scored. Lopez walked. Patterson struck out swinging. Millar struck out swinging. Halama pitching for Orioles. Markakis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Halama pitching for Orioles. Castro struck out looking. Punto singled to right. Kubel singled to center, Punto to second. Mauer singled to left, Punto to third, Kubel to second. Hunter flied out to right. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Cuddyer homered to center, Punto, Kubel and Mauer scored. Redmond doubled to deep right. Morneau doubled to deep left, Redmond scored. Batista lined out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Roberts flied out to left. Fahey grounded out to first. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Castro flied out to center. Punto walked. Kubel lined into double play, second to first, Punto doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Lohse pitching for Twins. Tejada lined out to center. Hernandez walked. Lopez flied out to center, Hernandez to second. Patterson intentionally walked. Eyre pitching for Twins. Millar singled to center, Hernandez scored, Patterson to third, Millar to second advancing on throw. Conine at first base. Ray pitching for Orioles. Markakis popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Mauer singled to center. Hunter walked, Mauer to second. Cuddyer singled to left, Mauer to third, Hunter to second. Redmond grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mauer scored, Cuddyer out at second, Hunter to third. Morneau hit sacrifice fly to center, Hunter scored. Batista grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 9 - Twins 7.	Orioles race out to big lead, hang on to beat Twins