Orioles - Top 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Roberts doubled to deep right, Roberts out stretching at third. Fahey walked. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to first, Fahey out at second. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Giles walked. Renteria singled to left, Giles to second. Jones flied out to center. Jones singled to center, Giles scored, Renteria to second. McCann lined into double play, second to shortstop, Renteria doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Hernandez flied out to right. Patterson reached on infield single to first. Conine singled to center, Patterson thrown out at third. Markakis singled to left, Conine to second. Ortiz singled to right, Conine scored, Markakis to second, Markakis to third advancing on throw. Roberts singled to left, Markakis scored, Ortiz to second. Fahey walked, Ortiz to third, Roberts to second. Mora reached on infield single to third, Ortiz scored, Roberts to third, Fahey to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Roberts scored on throwing error by third baseman Jones, Fahey to third, Mora to second. Hernandez popped out to second. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Francoeur flied out to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. Thorman doubled to deep left. Hudson walked. Giles walked, Thorman to third, Hudson to second. Renteria flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Patterson grounded out to second. Conine singled to left. Markakis singled to center, Conine to third, Markakis to second advancing on throw. Ortiz singled to right, Conine scored, Markakis to third. Roberts hit sacrifice fly to left, Markakis scored. Yates pitching for Braves. Fahey singled to right, Ortiz to second. Mora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fahey out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Jones flied out to center. Jones grounded out to shortstop. McCann grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Yates pitching for Braves. Tejada struck out swinging. Hernandez flied out to center. Patterson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Francoeur singled to right center. LaRoche singled to center, Francoeur to third. Betemit hit for Yates. Thorman singled to right, Francoeur scored, LaRoche to second. Betemit flied out to right, LaRoche to third. Giles popped out to shortstop. Renteria reached on infield single to second, LaRoche scored, Thorman to second. Cormier pitching for Braves. Jones singled to left, Thorman thrown out at home, Renteria to second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Cormier pitching for Braves. Conine grounded out to shortstop. Markakis grounded out to second. Ortiz walked. Roberts singled to left, Ortiz to second. Fahey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Ortiz pitching for Orioles. Jones walked. McCann singled to right, Jones to second. Birkins pitching for Orioles. Francoeur flied out to center. LaRoche popped out to third. Thorman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Cormier pitching for Braves. Mora singled to left center. Tejada singled to right, Mora to third. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Mora scored, Tejada out at second. Diaz hit for Cormier. Williams pitching for Orioles. Patterson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Diaz grounded out to second. Giles singled to left. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Conine flied out to center. Clark hit for Williams. Markakis doubled to right. Clark grounded out to second, Markakis to third. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Jones safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Hawkins. Jones flied out to center. McCann singled to right, Jones to second. Francoeur fouled out to first. LaRoche singled to right, Jones to third, McCann to second. Thorman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Fahey singled to shallow right center. Mora fouled out to third. McBride pitching for Braves. Tejada hit by pitch, Fahey to second. Hernandez flied out to right, Fahey to third. Orr hit for McBride. Patterson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Orr reached on infield single to second. Giles grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Orr out at second. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Conine popped out to pitcher. Matos hit for Hawkins. Markakis singled to left. Ray pitching for Orioles. Matos grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Markakis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Ray pitching for Orioles. Jones homered to right. Jones grounded out to shortstop. McCann flied out to right. Francoeur flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Braves 4.	O's jump on Hudson early, hang on to beat Braves