Orioles - Top 1st. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Roberts walked. Mora flied out to right. Roberts stole second. Markakis homered to right center, Roberts scored. Tejada singled to right. Gibbons doubled to deep right center, Tejada to third. Millar walked. Newhan singled to center, Tejada scored, Gibbons to third, Millar to second. Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to left, Gibbons scored. Fahey flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Benson pitching for Orioles. Matthews Jr doubled to center. Young lined out to second. Matthews Jr caught stealing third, catcher to third. Teixeira homered to right. Lee popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Roberts singled to right center. Mora grounded into double play, second to first, Roberts out at second. Markakis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Blalock struck out swinging. DeRosa struck out swinging. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Tejada singled to right. Gibbons walked, Tejada to second. Tejada to third, Gibbons to second on wild pitch by Tejeda. Millar flied out to left. Newhan struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Benson pitching for Orioles. Kinsler grounded out to third. Laird homered to left center. Matthews Jr struck out looking. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Fahey grounded out to second. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Mora grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Teixeira grounded out to first. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Markakis walked. Tejada singled to left, Markakis to second. Gibbons struck out swinging. Millar singled to left, Markakis to third, Tejada to second. Newhan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Millar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Benson pitching for Orioles. DeRosa reached on infield single to pitcher. Stairs flied out to left. Kinsler fouled out to first. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DeRosa out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Fahey grounded out to second. Roberts struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Matthews Jr walked. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matthews Jr out at second. Teixeira walked, Young to second. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Mora grounded out to second. Markakis grounded out to third. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Benson pitching for Orioles. Blalock flied out to left. DeRosa doubled to deep center. Stairs grounded out to third. DeRosa to third on wild pitch by Benson. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Gibbons lined out to right. Millar fouled out to catcher. Williams pitching for Orioles. Newhan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Williams pitching for Orioles. Laird reached on bunt single to third. Matthews Jr singled to center, Laird to third. Laird scored, Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Williams. Ray pitching for Orioles. Young flied out to right, Matthews Jr to third. Teixeira struck out swinging. Hairston Jr ran for Lee. Lee doubled to deep right, Matthews Jr scored. Blalock intentionally walked. Hairston Jr in left field. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. DeRosa flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Hernandez flied out to center. Fahey popped out to third. Ardoin catching. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Stairs grounded out to second. Kinsler flied out to left. Laird singled to right. Matthews Jr singled to left, Laird to second. Laird to third, Matthews Jr to second on wild pitch by Hawkins. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 10th. Mahay pitching for Rangers. Mora singled to center. Markakis bunt popped out foul to third. Tejada singled to left, Mora to second. Gibbons doubled to deep right, Mora scored, Tejada to third. Millar intentionally walked. Bauer pitching for Rangers. Gomez ran for Gibbons. Newhan singled to right, Tejada scored, Gibbons to third, Millar to second. Ardoin singled to left, Gomez scored, Millar to third, Newhan to second. Fahey grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Millar out at home. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 10th. Hawkins pitching for Orioles. Teixeira flied out to left. Hairston Jr singled to left center. Hairston Jr to second on fielder's indifference. Blalock grounded out to first, Hairston Jr to third. DeRosa flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Rangers 4.	O's blow late lead, but rally to beat Rangers in 10