Red Sox - Top 1st. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Youkilis doubled to deep left center. Loretta grounded out to second, Youkilis to third. Ortiz safe at first on error by second baseman Roberts, Youkilis scored. Pena struck out swinging. Lowell grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 1st. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Roberts grounded out to third. Mora lined out to left. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Varitek singled to center. Nixon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Varitek out at second. Pedroia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Nixon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Tejada flied out to right. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Millar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Gonzalez lined out to left. Youkilis grounded out to shortstop. Loretta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Newhan flied out to left. Gomez doubled to deep right. Fiorentino grounded out to first, Gomez to third. Roberts grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Ortiz walked. Pena singled to left, Ortiz to second. Lowell singled to left, Ortiz scored, Pena to second. Varitek singled to center, Pena to third, Lowell to second. Nixon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pena scored, Varitek out at second, Lowell to third. Pedroia hit by pitch. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. DiNardo pitching for Red Sox. Mora grounded out to shortstop. Markakis singled to right. Tejada singled to left, Markakis to second. Hernandez singled to left, Markakis to third, Tejada to second. Millar singled to left, Markakis scored, Tejada to third, Hernandez to second. Tejada scored, Hernandez to third, Millar to second on wild pitch by DiNardo. Newhan grounded out to first. Gomez walked. Fiorentino singled to right, Hernandez and Millar scored, Gomez to second, Gomez to third advancing on throw. Burns pitching for Red Sox. Roberts doubled to deep left center, Gomez scored, Fiorentino to third. Mora struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Loewen pitching for Orioles. Youkilis flied out to right. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. Ortiz walked. Pena singled to right, Ortiz to second. Lowell walked, Ortiz to third, Pena to second. Varitek flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Burns pitching for Red Sox. Markakis struck out looking. Tejada grounded out to second. Hernandez singled to left. Millar singled to right, Hernandez to third. Newhan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Nixon flied out to right. Pedroia struck out swinging. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada. Youkilis walked, Gonzalez to second. Loretta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Burns pitching for Red Sox. Gomez flied out to right. Fiorentino safe at first on error by second baseman Pedroia. Roberts struck out looking. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Mora popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 7th. Hoey pitching for Orioles. Ortiz walked. Pena flied out to center. Lowell grounded out to shortstop, Ortiz to second. Burres pitching for Orioles. Varitek doubled to deep right, Ortiz scored. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Nixon struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Hansen pitching for Red Sox. Markakis flied out to left. Tejada grounded out to third. Hernandez walked. Williams pitching for Orioles. Millar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Hinske hit for Gonzalez. Williams pitching for Orioles. Pedroia grounded out to third. Crisp ran for Hinske. Ray pitching for Orioles. Hinske singled to right. Youkilis singled to shallow left center, Crisp to second. Loretta singled to right, Crisp scored, Youkilis to second. Ortiz walked, Youkilis to third, Loretta to second. Pena fouled out to first. Cora at shortstop. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Lowell lined out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Foulke pitching for Red Sox. Newhan flied out to right. Gomez struck out looking. Fiorentino singled to center. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Kapler ran for Varitek. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Varitek walked. Nixon walked, Kapler to second. Pedroia sacrificed to pitcher, Kapler to third, Nixon to second. Cora intentionally walked. Youkilis struck out looking. Chen pitching for Orioles. Loretta singled to left, Kapler scored, Nixon to third, Cora to second. Huckaby catching. Kapler in center field. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 9th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Mora doubled to deep center. Markakis flied out to center, Mora to third. Tejada intentionally walked. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tejada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Orioles 5.	Red Sox take advantage of O's for comeback win