Angels - Top 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to right . Trout tripled to deep left center . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center , Trout scored . Hamilton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Fowler reached on infield single to third . Fowler to second on wild pitch by Skaggs . Altuve reached on infield single to third , Fowler to third . Altuve stole second . Springer hit sacrifice fly to center , Fowler scored . Dominguez lined out to second . Singleton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Kendrick lined out to third . Freese walked . Ibanez flied out to right . Iannetta singled to center , Freese to second . Aybar fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Carter walked . Grossman sacrificed to third , Carter to second . Corporan grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Calhoun flied out to center . Trout flied out to right . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Fowler flied out to left . Altuve flied out to center . Springer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Hamilton flied out to center . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . Freese singled to left . Ibanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Singleton singled to right . Singleton stole second . Carter walked . Grossman reached on bunt single to pitcher , Singleton scored , Carter to second . Carter caught stealing third , catcher to third , Grossman to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Corporan singled to right , Grossman scored . Gonzalez reached on infield single to shortstop , Corporan to second . Fowler singled to center , Corporan scored , Gonzalez to second . Altuve grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Iannetta doubled to left . Aybar singled to center , Iannetta scored . Calhoun grounded out to first , Aybar to second . Trout doubled to left , Aybar scored . Pujols grounded out to second , Trout to third . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Springer grounded out to shortstop . Dominguez struck out looking . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Fields pitching for Astros . Kendrick grounded out to second . Freese struck out swinging . Ibanez singled to right . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Skaggs pitching for Angels . Carter walked . Morin pitching for Angels . Grossman singled to center , Carter to second . Corporan bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Carter out at third , Grossman to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . Fowler walked , Grossman to third , Corporan to second . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Fields pitching for Astros . Aybar grounded out to shortstop . Downs pitching for Astros . Cron hit for Calhoun . Cron grounded out to shortstop . Farnsworth pitching for Astros . Trout struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Cowgill in right field . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Springer struck out looking . Dominguez grounded out to second . Singleton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Clemens pitching for Astros . Pujols flied out to right . Hamilton struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Carter walked . Villar ran for Carter . Villar caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Grossman walked . Corporan walked , Grossman to second . Gonzalez flied out to center . Fowler walked , Grossman to third , Corporan to second . Salas pitching for Angels . Altuve doubled to left , Grossman and Corporan scored , Fowler to third . Springer singled to center , Fowler and Altuve scored . Dominguez flied out to left . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Arthur Clemens pitching for Astros . Freese singled to right . Ibanez safe at first on error by first baseman Singleton , Freese to second . Iannetta singled to left , Freese to third , Ibanez to second . Aybar walked , Freese scored , Ibanez to third , Iannetta to second . Qualls pitching for Astros . Cowgill grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ibanez scored , Aybar out at second , Iannetta to third . Trout struck out swinging . Pujols popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 5 - Astros 8 .	Springer caps Astros ' rally vs. Trout , Angels