Blue Jays - Top 1st . Wilson pitching for Angels . Reyes singled to left . Tolleson grounded into double play , third to first to shortstop to catcher , Reyes out at home . Cabrera singled to center . Bautista singled to right , Cabrera to third . Reimold lined out to left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 1st . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun struck out looking . Trout flied out to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Kratz grounded out to shortstop . Navarro grounded out to second . Mastroianni grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Hamilton struck out swinging . Aybar safe at second on error by shortstop Reyes . Kendrick singled to right , Aybar scored , Kendrick to second advancing on throw . Freese singled to center , Kendrick scored . Cron singled to left , Freese to second . Conger struck out swinging . Calhoun struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Wilson pitching for Angels . Kawasaki reached on infield single to shortstop . Reyes singled to center , Kawasaki to second . Tolleson sacrificed to third , Kawasaki to third , Reyes to second . Cabrera grounded out to third . Bautista intentionally walked . Reimold walked , Kawasaki scored , Reyes to third , Bautista to second . Kratz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Trout singled to center . Pujols singled to left , Trout thrown out at home , Trout to third advancing on play . Pujols to second advancing on throw . Hamilton singled to center , Pujols scored , Hamilton thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Aybar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Wilson pitching for Angels . Navarro singled to center . Mastroianni grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Navarro safe at second on error by second baseman Kendrick . Kawasaki flied out to left . Reyes walked , Navarro to third , Mastroianni to second . Navarro scored , Mastroianni to third , Reyes to second on wild pitch by Wilson . Tolleson singled to center , Mastroianni and Reyes scored . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tolleson safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Cron . Bautista fouled out to third . Reimold doubled to deep center , Tolleson and Cabrera scored . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Kratz grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Stroman pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick lined out to right . Freese walked . Cron singled to left , Freese to third . Freese scored , Cron to second on wild pitch by Stroman . Conger grounded out to second , Cron to third . Calhoun homered to right ( 366 feet ) , Cron scored . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Trout popped out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Bedrosian pitching for Angels . Navarro doubled to left . Rasmus hit for Mastroianni . Thatcher pitching for Angels . Rasmus walked . Kawasaki bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Navarro out at third , Rasmus to second . Reyes struck out swinging . Salas pitching for Angels . Francisco hit for Tolleson . Francisco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Francisco at third base . Rasmus in center field . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Pujols popped out to second . Hamilton struck out swinging . Aybar flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Salas pitching for Angels . Cabrera walked . Bautista lined out to center . Reimold singled to left , Cabrera to third . Kratz struck out swinging . Navarro singled to left center , Cabrera scored , Reimold to second . Rasmus lined out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick flied out to left . Freese walked . Cron struck out looking . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Conger grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Grilli pitching for Angels . Kawasaki singled to left center . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Francisco grounded out to shortstop , Kawasaki to second . Cabrera walked . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun walked . Trout grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Calhoun out at second . Pujols homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Trout scored . Hamilton struck out looking . Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Kendrick flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . McDonald at third base . Reimold popped out to second . Kratz grounded out to shortstop . Navarro fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . McDonald popped out to catcher . Cron struck out swinging . Conger walked . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Calhoun lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Angels . Rasmus struck out swinging . Kawasaki struck out looking . Reyes flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Angels 8 .	Pujols ' 2 - run HR lifts Angels over Blue Jays