Astros - Top 1st. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Altuve struck out swinging. Springer walked. Fowler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Springer out at second. Fowler to second on wild pitch by Skaggs. Castro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Feldman pitching for Astros. Aybar grounded out to second. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols safe at first on error by first baseman Carter. Ibanez walked, Pujols to second. Kendrick walked, Pujols to third, Ibanez to second. Freese singled to center, Pujols and Ibanez scored, Kendrick to third. Conger singled to right, Kendrick scored, Freese to second. Cowgill struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 2nd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Dominguez popped out to second. Carter struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Feldman pitching for Astros. Navarro doubled to deep center. Aybar singled to right, Navarro to third. Aybar caught stealing second, catcher to second. Trout hit sacrifice fly to left, Navarro scored. Pujols doubled to deep left center. Ibanez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Corporan hit by pitch. Villar grounded out to third, Corporan to second. Altuve struck out swinging. Springer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Feldman pitching for Astros. Kendrick struck out swinging. Freese struck out swinging. Conger grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Fowler singled to center. Castro singled to center, Fowler to third. Dominguez hit sacrifice fly to center, Fowler scored. Carter grounded into double play, third to second to first, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Cowgill singled to left. Navarro struck out swinging. Aybar flied out to left, Cowgill to second. Cowgill to third on wild pitch by Feldman. Trout reached on infield single to first, Cowgill scored. Pujols grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Guzman struck out swinging. Corporan flied out to right. Villar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Feldman pitching for Astros. Ibanez doubled to deep right. Kendrick singled to center, Ibanez to third. Freese safe at first on error by shortstop Villar, Ibanez scored, Kendrick to second. Downs pitching for Astros. Kendrick to third, Freese to second on wild pitch by Downs. Conger walked. Cowgill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kendrick out at home, Freese to third, Conger to second. Navarro struck out swinging. Aybar walked, Freese scored, Conger to third, Cowgill to second. Williams pitching for Astros. Trout reached on infield single to third, Conger scored, Cowgill to third, Aybar to second. Green ran for Trout. Pujols struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 6th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Altuve singled to right. Springer struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to right. Castro reached on infield single to shortstop, Altuve to second, Altuve to third on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Dominguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Astros. Ibanez grounded out to first. Kendrick singled to center. Freese doubled to deep right, Kendrick scored. Conger flied out to center. Cowgill fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Skaggs pitching for Angels. Carter popped out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to second. Corporan singled to center. Villar grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Astros. Navarro grounded out to second. McDonald hit for Aybar. McDonald grounded out to third. Green grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. McDonald at shortstop. Cron at first base. Kohn pitching for Angels. Altuve doubled to right. Springer singled to center, Altuve scored. Fowler singled to center, Springer to third. Castro hit sacrifice fly to right, Springer scored. Dominguez struck out looking. Carter walked, Fowler to second. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Presley hit for Guzman. Presley grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Presley in left field. Fields pitching for Astros. Cron popped out to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Kendrick walked. Freese struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Salas pitching for Angels. Krauss hit for Corporan. Krauss flied out to center. Villar struck out swinging. Altuve singled to right. Springer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 3 - Angels 9.	Freese back with 4 RBIs; Trout (leg) pulled