Angels - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Calhoun tripled to right, Calhoun scored on throwing error by second baseman Rosales. Trout reached on infield single to third. Pujols singled to center, Trout to second. Hamilton doubled to deep right, Trout scored, Pujols to third. Aybar grounded out to first, Pujols scored, Hamilton to third. Kendrick hit sacrifice fly to center, Hamilton scored. Freese struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Santiago pitching for Angels. Choo singled to center. Andrus flied out to right. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. Beltre singled to left, Rios to second. Smolinski doubled to deep left, Rios and Beltre scored. Pena flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cron singled to left. Conger singled to center, Cron to second. Calhoun doubled to right, Cron scored, Conger to third. Trout reached on infield single to shortstop, Conger scored, Calhoun to third. Pujols hit sacrifice fly to deep right, Calhoun scored, Trout to second, Pujols to first on error by right fielder Rios. Hamilton doubled to right, Trout scored, Pujols to third. Aybar singled to center, Pujols scored, Hamilton to third. Kendrick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Hamilton scored, Aybar out at second. Freese grounded out to third. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Chirinos struck out swinging. Martin lined out to left. Rosales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cron popped out to shortstop. Conger singled to right. Calhoun singled to left center, Conger to third. Trout homered to center (418 feet), Conger and Calhoun scored. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Santiago pitching for Angels. Choo struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to second. Rios walked. Beltre popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Odor at second base. Rosales at shortstop. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Aybar walked. Kendrick grounded out to third, Aybar to second. Freese struck out swinging. Cron grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Smolinski singled to center, Smolinski to second on error by left fielder Hamilton. Pena flied out to center, Smolinski to third. Chirinos hit sacrifice fly to center, Smolinski scored. Martin struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Conger struck out looking. Calhoun grounded out to first. Trout singled to left center. Pujols lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Rosales struck out swinging. Choo struck out looking. Odor struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. West pitching for Rangers. Hamilton flied out to left. Aybar lined out to center. Kendrick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Santiago pitching for Angels. Rios struck out swinging. Beltre homered to right (342 feet). Smolinski flied out to left. Pena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. West pitching for Rangers. Freese grounded out to second. Cron lined out to right. Conger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Chirinos flied out to right. Martin struck out swinging. Rosales flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Calhoun singled to center. Trout struck out swinging. Calhoun to second on wild pitch by Poreda. Pujols singled to right, Calhoun scored. McDonald ran for Pujols. Hamilton doubled to right, McDonald to third. Aybar grounded out to shortstop, McDonald scored, Hamilton to third. Kendrick flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Rasmus pitching for Angels. Choo grounded out to first. Odor lined out to left. Rios popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Gimenez pitching for Rangers. Freese grounded out to shortstop. Cron struck out swinging. Conger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Rucinski pitching for Angels. Beltre singled to left. Robertson ran for Beltre. Smolinski doubled to left, Robertson scored. Pena grounded out to first, Smolinski to third. Chirinos singled to shallow right, Smolinski scored. Martin singled to shallow center, Chirinos to second. Rosales hit by pitch, Chirinos to third, Martin to second. Choo struck out looking. Odor popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 15 - Rangers 6.	Trout, Angels plate 15 in rout