Angels - Top 1st. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Calhoun doubled to deep left, Calhoun to third on error by left fielder Gomes. Trout hit sacrifice fly to center, Calhoun scored. Pujols popped out to second. Freese grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Wilson pitching for Angels. Crisp singled to center. Fuld grounded into fielder's choice to second, Crisp out at second. Donaldson walked, Fuld to second. Gomes walked, Fuld to third, Donaldson to second. Norris walked, Fuld scored, Donaldson to third, Gomes to second. Lowrie fouled out to first. Freiman walked, Donaldson scored, Gomes to third, Norris to second. Soto singled to center, Gomes and Norris scored, Freiman to third. Morin pitching for Angels. Punto safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Freese, Freiman and Soto scored. Crisp grounded out to first. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Aybar grounded out to second. Boesch flied out to left. Iannetta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Rucinski pitching for Angels. Fuld popped out to shortstop. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Beckham doubled to deep center. Cowgill struck out swinging. Calhoun grounded out to second, Beckham to third. Trout struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Rucinski pitching for Angels. Norris singled to center. Lowrie lined out to center. Vogt hit for Freiman. Vogt lined out to left. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Vogt at first base. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Pujols grounded out to third. Freese singled to center. Aybar grounded out to first, Freese to second. Boesch flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Rucinski pitching for Angels. Punto struck out looking. Crisp singled to right. Fuld walked, Crisp to second. Pestano pitching for Angels. Donaldson walked, Crisp to third, Fuld to second. Moss hit for Gomes. Moss struck out swinging. Dunn hit for Norris. Dunn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Moss in left field. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Iannetta singled to center. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Iannetta out at second. Cowgill grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Lowrie grounded out to second. Vogt fouled out to third. Soto lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Calhoun grounded out to pitcher. Trout grounded out to third. Pujols flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Bedrosian pitching for Angels. Punto struck out swinging. Crisp flied out to center. Fuld struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Samardzija pitching for Athletics. Freese grounded out to third. Aybar struck out swinging. Boesch singled to left center. Iannetta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Roth pitching for Angels. Donaldson grounded out to pitcher. Moss walked. Dunn walked, Moss to second. Lowrie reached on infield single to shortstop, Moss to third, Dunn to second. Vogt singled to deep right center, Moss and Dunn scored, Lowrie to third. Diaz pitching for Angels. Soto struck out swinging. Punto grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Scribner pitching for Athletics. Beckham reached on infield single to third. Cowgill struck out looking. Calhoun struck out swinging. Trout reached on infield single to third, Beckham to second. Pujols homered to left (433 feet), Beckham and Trout scored. Freese grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Diaz pitching for Angels. Crisp lined out to right. Fuld struck out looking. Donaldson walked. Moss singled to right, Donaldson to third. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Gregerson pitching for Athletics. Aybar singled to center. Boesch flied out to right, Aybar to second on error by second baseman Punto. Iannetta singled to left, Aybar to third. Beckham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Iannetta out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 4 - Athletics 8.	Samardzija helps A's keep lead in wild card