Brewers - Top 1st . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Gomez popped out to second . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop , Segura to third . Ramirez singled to center , Segura scored . Davis singled to left , Ramirez to second . Schafer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez out at third , Davis to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Sizemore lined out to center . Pedroia grounded out to second . Nava popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds homered to left center ( 414 feet ) . Gennett struck out swinging . Maldonado fouled out to first . Gomez homered to left ( 381 feet ) . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Napoli struck out looking . Bogaerts singled to right . Gomes doubled to deep left , Bogaerts to third . Pierzynski grounded out to first , Bogaerts scored , Gomes to third . Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop , Gomes scored . Herrera caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bradley Jr. batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Lucroy doubled to deep right center . Ramirez singled to left , Lucroy to third . Davis singled to left , Lucroy scored , Ramirez to second . Schafer grounded out to pitcher , Ramirez to third , Davis to second . Reynolds struck out swinging . Gennett doubled to center , Ramirez and Davis scored . Maldonado grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Bradley Jr. struck out swinging . Sizemore walked . Pedroia safe at first on error by third baseman Ramirez , Sizemore to second . Nava grounded out to shortstop , Sizemore to third , Pedroia to second . Napoli homered to center ( 428 feet ) , Sizemore and Pedroia scored . Bogaerts walked . Gomes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bogaerts out at second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 4th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Gomez singled to left . Segura reached on bunt single to third , Gomez to second . Lucroy struck out swinging . Ramirez flied out to center , Gomez out at home , Segura to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Herrera struck out swinging . Bradley Jr. flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Buchholz pitching for Red Sox . Davis grounded out to third . Schafer doubled to deep center . Reynolds singled to right , Schafer to third . Capuano pitching for Red Sox . Gennett flied out to left . Maldonado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Sizemore struck out looking . Pedroia reached on infield single to second . Nava struck out swinging . Napoli struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Capuano pitching for Red Sox . Gomez struck out swinging . Segura grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Henderson pitching for Brewers . Bogaerts doubled to deep center . Gomes walked . Duke pitching for Brewers . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gomes out at second , Bogaerts to third . Herrera safe at first on error by shortstop Segura , Bogaerts scored . Bradley Jr. struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Capuano pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez singled to left . Davis singled to center , Ramirez to second , Ramirez to third on error by left fielder Gomes . Schafer struck out looking . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds struck out looking . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Duke pitching for Brewers . Sizemore flied out to left . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Nava lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Workman pitching for Red Sox . Maldonado flied out to left . Gomez struck out swinging . Segura singled to center . Segura stole second . Segura safe at third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Lucroy lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Napoli singled to right center . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Gomes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Schafer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz hit for Bradley Jr .. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 10th . Nava in right field . Carp at first base . Tazawa pitching for Red Sox . Reynolds struck out swinging . Gennett doubled to deep center . Maldonado struck out swinging . Gomez walked . Segura struck out swinging , Segura safe at first on wild pitch by Tazawa , Gennett to third , Gomez to second . Lucroy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 10th . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Sizemore struck out swinging . Pedroia grounded out to pitcher . Nava flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 11th . Badenhop pitching for Red Sox . Ramirez grounded out to first . Davis hit ground rule double to right . Schafer doubled to deep center , Davis scored . Reynolds struck out swinging . Miller pitching for Red Sox . Schafer to third on wild pitch by Miller . Gennett struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 11th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Napoli struck out swinging . Bogaerts struck out swinging . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 7 - Red Sox 6 .	Davis , Brewers drop Red Sox in 11