Brewers - Top 1st . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Segura safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer . Braun popped out to second . Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to left , Segura scored . Gomez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 3 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Harrison flied out to right . Walker flied out to left . McCutchen walked . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramirez singled to right . Davis struck out swinging . Gennett struck out swinging . Overbay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Martin popped out to pitcher . Alvarez doubled to deep right . Tabata walked . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Tabata out at second , Alvarez to third . Volquez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mercer out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Garza grounded out to pitcher . Segura grounded out to pitcher . Braun struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Harrison flied out to left . Walker singled to right . McCutchen reached on infield single to pitcher , Walker to second . Davis grounded out to catcher , Walker to third , McCutchen to second . Martin walked . Alvarez singled to right center , Walker and McCutchen scored , Martin to third . Tabata flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Lucroy singled to center . Gomez popped out to second . Ramirez hit by pitch , Lucroy to second . Davis hit ground rule double to left , Lucroy scored , Ramirez to third . Gennett intentionally walked . Overbay singled to center , Ramirez and Davis scored , Gennett to third . Garza sacrificed to pitcher , Overbay to second . Segura grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Volquez grounded out to shortstop . Harrison grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Braun lined out to left . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gomez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Walker struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to catcher . Davis walked . Martin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Volquez pitching for Pirates . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Davis safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Alvarez . Davis to third on wild pitch by Volquez . Gennett fouled out to third . Overbay intentionally walked . Garza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Alvarez walked . Tabata reached on bunt single to third , Alvarez to second , Alvarez to third on throwing error by third baseman Ramirez . Mercer grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alvarez scored , Tabata out at second . Snider hit for Volquez . Snider singled to left . Harrison popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Segura grounded out to pitcher . Braun struck out swinging . Lucroy singled to right . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Wooten pitching for Brewers . Walker singled to right . McCutchen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Walker out at second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Ramirez struck out swinging . Davis walked . Gennett walked , Davis to second . Reynolds hit for Overbay . Reynolds hit by pitch , Davis to third , Gennett to second . Weeks hit for Wooten . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis scored , Reynolds out at second , Gennett to third . Weeks stole second . Segura reached on infield single to shortstop , Gennett scored , Weeks to third . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez at first base . Braun doubled to deep right , Weeks and Segura scored . Lucroy flied out to center . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Falu at third base . Reynolds at first base . Smith pitching for Brewers . Martin walked . Alvarez struck out swinging . Tabata grounded into double play , third to second to first , Martin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Gomez pitching for Pirates . Gomez reached on infield single to pitcher , Gomez to third on throwing error by pitcher Gomez . Falu hit sacrifice fly to center , Gomez scored . Davis singled to left . Gennett flied out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Mercer grounded out to first . Sanchez struck out looking . Harrison doubled to deep center . Walker flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 9 - Pirates 3 .	Garza , Overbay lead Brewers past Pirates , 9 - 3