Brewers - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks grounded out to first . Braun flied out to center . Lucroy walked . Gomez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lucroy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Parra tripled to right . Owings reached on infield single to second , Parra scored . Goldschmidt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Owings out at second . Montero grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Weeks . Goldschmidt to third on wild pitch by Garza . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Goldschmidt scored , Montero out at second . Prado grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez walked . Davis singled to center , Ramirez to second . Reynolds grounded into double play , second to first , Davis out at second , Ramirez to third . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Peralta singled to right center . Campana lined out to center . Miley struck out swinging . Peralta stole second . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Garza struck out swinging . Weeks struck out looking . Braun struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Owings tripled to deep center . Goldschmidt singled to center , Owings scored . Montero struck out looking . Hill struck out swinging , Goldschmidt stole second . Prado grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Lucroy singled to center . Gomez singled to center , Lucroy to third . Ramirez struck out looking . Davis homered to right center ( 399 feet ) , Lucroy and Gomez scored . Reynolds grounded out to first . Segura grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Peralta grounded out to first . Campana struck out swinging . Miley grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Garza singled to right . Weeks grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Garza out at second . Braun lined out to second . Lucroy flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Parra lined out to right . Owings lined out to first . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gomez grounded out to third . Ramirez struck out swinging . Davis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Montero singled to center . Hill lined out to left . Prado grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Reynolds grounded out to third . Segura grounded out to second . Garza grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Peralta grounded out to second . Campana lined out to center . Miley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks struck out looking . Braun struck out looking . Lucroy walked . Gomez walked , Lucroy to second . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Parra grounded out to second . Owings doubled to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Owings to third . Smith pitching for Brewers . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Davis struck out swinging . Reynolds flied out to right . Segura struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Prado doubled to deep center . Peralta grounded out to first , Prado to third . Campana singled to center , Prado scored . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	D - Backs beat Brewers   4 - 3 on Campana 's RBI single