Brewers - Top 1st . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Gennett doubled to deep left center . Braun grounded out to shortstop , Gennett to third . Lucroy doubled to deep left , Gennett scored . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop , Lucroy to third . Ramirez doubled to left , Lucroy and Gomez scored . Davis grounded out to third . Overbay grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Blackmon struck out swinging . Dickerson singled to left . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right center , Dickerson to third . Morneau doubled to left center , Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored . Rosario reached on infield single to first , Morneau to third . Rosario stole second . Barnes struck out swinging . Rutledge grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Segura homered to left center ( 429 feet ) . Estrada singled to left . Gennett grounded out to first , Estrada to second . Braun struck out looking . Lucroy grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . LeMahieu singled to right . LeMahieu stole second . Bergman struck out bunting foul . Blackmon fouled out to third . Dickerson reached on infield single to shortstop , LeMahieu scored . Dickerson stole second . Tulowitzki walked . Morneau homered to right ( 419 feet ) , Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored . Rosario grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Gomez struck out swinging . Ramirez reached on infield single to first . Davis homered to left ( 409 feet ) , Ramirez scored . Overbay grounded out to second . Segura homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Estrada struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Barnes struck out swinging . Rutledge grounded out to second . LeMahieu grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Gennett walked . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gennett out at second . Lucroy walked , Braun to second . Gomez singled to center , Braun scored , Lucroy to second . Ramirez fouled out to first . Davis struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Kahnle struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to shortstop . Dickerson singled to center . Tulowitzki flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Overbay flied out to center . Segura flied out to left . Estrada walked . Gennett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Estrada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Morneau lined out to left . Rosario doubled to deep center . Barnes struck out swinging . Rutledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Martin pitching for Rockies . Braun doubled to right . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gomez reached on infield single to shortstop , Braun to third . Ramirez singled to center , Braun scored , Gomez to second . Davis singled to right , Gomez scored , Ramirez to third . Overbay struck out swinging . Segura singled to left , Ramirez scored , Davis to second . Estrada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . LeMahieu lined out to right . Parker hit for Martin . Parker grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon doubled to left . Duke pitching for Brewers . Dickerson homered to right ( 417 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Tulowitzki singled to left . Morneau grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Gennett reached on bunt single to third . Braun doubled to deep right center , Gennett scored . Lucroy grounded out to shortstop . Gomez grounded out to pitcher , Braun to third . Ramirez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Rosario reached on infield single to shortstop . Barnes homered to center ( 447 feet ) , Rosario scored . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Wheeler hit for Belisle . Wheeler grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Davis lined out to center . Reynolds hit for Overbay . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Segura lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Reynolds at first base . Smith pitching for Brewers . Blackmon reached on infield single to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki singled to right , Blackmon to second . Morneau grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tulowitzki out at second , Blackmon to third . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Weeks hit for Smith . Weeks struck out swinging . Gennett hit ground rule double to deep left . Braun singled to left , Gennett scored . Braun stole second . Lucroy lined out to left . Gomez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Barnes struck out swinging . Rutledge lined out to right . LeMahieu struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 13 - Rockies 10 .	Segura homers twice as Brewers beat Rockies 13 - 10