Rockies - Top 1st . Garza pitching for Brewers . Blackmon flied out to right . Stubbs reached on infield single to shortstop . Tulowitzki lined out to center . Stubbs caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Dickerson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gennett struck out swinging . Braun singled to left . Lucroy singled to left , Braun to second . Gomez homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Braun and Lucroy scored . Ramirez flied out to right . Davis flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Dickerson flied out to left . Rosario struck out swinging . Wheeler fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Overbay singled to left center . Segura grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Overbay out at second . Garza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Garza pitching for Brewers . Rutledge reached on infield single to first . LeMahieu lined into double play , second to first , Rutledge doubled off first . Chacin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Gennett popped out to shortstop . Braun lined out to center . Lucroy doubled to deep left . Gomez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Blackmon fouled out to catcher . Stubbs struck out swinging . Tulowitzki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Ramirez lined out to left . Davis flied out to center . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Dickerson grounded out to first . Rosario grounded out to shortstop . Wheeler grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Segura singled to center . Garza sacrificed to first , Segura to second . Gennett reached on infield single to shortstop , Segura to third . Braun tripled to deep right , Segura and Gennett scored . Lucroy grounded out to second , Braun scored . Gomez grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Garza pitching for Brewers . Rutledge flied out to right . LeMahieu singled to center . Chacin singled to left , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop , LeMahieu to third , Chacin to second . Stubbs singled to center , LeMahieu scored , Chacin to third , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki hit sacrifice fly to left , Chacin scored . Dickerson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Ramirez singled to left . Davis hit ground rule double to deep left , Ramirez to third . Overbay singled to left , Ramirez scored , Davis to third . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Davis out at home , Overbay to second . Herrera ran for Segura . Garza bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Overbay out at third , Herrera to second . Gennett walked , Herrera to third , Garza to second . Masset pitching for Rockies . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Herrera at shortstop . Garza pitching for Brewers . Rosario singled to center . Wheeler doubled to right , Rosario to third . Braun in center field . Reynolds in right field . Rutledge fouled out to first . LeMahieu singled to center , Rosario and Wheeler scored . Barnes hit for Masset . Barnes struck out swinging . Duke pitching for Brewers . Blackmon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Lucroy singled to center . Reynolds grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lucroy out at second . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Stubbs doubled to deep left . Tulowitzki walked . Dickerson struck out swinging . Rosario struck out swinging . Culberson hit for Wheeler . Tulowitzki caught stealing second , catcher to second , Stubbs to third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Culberson batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Culberson at third base . Rutledge at second base . LeMahieu at first base . Culberson at third base . Rutledge at second base . LeMahieu at first base . Morales pitching for Rockies . Davis struck out swinging . Culberson at third base . Rutledge at second base . LeMahieu at first base . Culberson at third base . Rutledge at second base . LeMahieu at first base . Davis struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . Herrera singled to left . Weeks hit for Smith . Weeks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Brewers . Culberson struck out swinging . Rutledge struck out swinging . LeMahieu lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 4 - Brewers 7 .	Gomez powers Brewers , exits early ( neck )