Blue Jays - Top 1st . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Reyes singled to right . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Bautista struck out swinging . Reyes to second on wild pitch by Nelson . Encarnacion grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez grounded out to first . Lucroy struck out swinging . Braun singled to center . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Braun out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Rasmus grounded out to first . Valencia grounded out to shortstop . Thole singled to left . Kawasaki walked , Thole to second . Dickey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Parra doubled to deep left . Gennett lined out to left . Reynolds struck out swinging . Segura doubled to right , Parra scored , Segura to third on throwing error by right fielder Bautista . Nelson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Reyes flied out to left . Cabrera popped out to shortstop . Bautista doubled to deep left . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez fouled out to first . Lucroy flied out to center . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Rasmus walked . Valencia singled to center , Rasmus to second . Thole grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Valencia out at second , Rasmus to third . Kawasaki flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Ramirez struck out swinging . Parra tripled to deep center . Gennett fouled out to catcher . Reynolds doubled to deep left , Parra scored . Segura intentionally walked . Nelson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Dickey grounded out to shortstop . Reyes doubled to right . Cabrera hit ground rule double to deep left , Reyes scored . Bautista struck out swinging . Encarnacion singled to center , Cabrera scored . Rasmus flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Gomez hit by pitch . Lucroy singled to right , Gomez to third . Braun grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez scored , Lucroy safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Valencia . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Braun out at second , Lucroy to third . Parra hit by pitch . Gennett lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Nelson pitching for Brewers . Valencia flied out to right . Thole hit ground rule double to deep right . Kawasaki doubled to deep center , Thole scored . Dickey struck out swinging . Duke pitching for Brewers . Reyes singled to right , Kawasaki scored . Cabrera singled to center , Reyes to second . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Reyes stole third , Cabrera stole second . Bautista homered to left center ( 398 feet ) , Reyes and Cabrera scored . Encarnacion flied out to center . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Reynolds flied out to left . Segura reached on bunt single to pitcher . Overbay hit for Kintzler . Overbay flied out to center . Gomez homered to left ( 419 feet ) , Segura scored . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Lucroy grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Rasmus flied out to center . Valencia flied out to right . Thole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Blue Jays . Braun struck out looking . Ramirez walked . Parra grounded out to pitcher , Ramirez to second . Gennett reached on infield single to second , Ramirez to third . Reynolds flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Tolleson hit for Kawasaki . Jeffress pitching for Brewers . Tolleson grounded out to shortstop . Navarro hit for Sanchez . Navarro walked . Reyes grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Navarro out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Tolleson at second base . Navarro catching . Segura walked . Davis hit for Jeffress . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Segura out at second . Gomez singled to center , Davis to second . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Lucroy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Brewers . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista lined out to center . Encarnacion singled to right . Stroman ran for Encarnacion . Rasmus homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Stroman scored . Valencia singled to center . Reimold hit for McGowan . Reimold struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Lind at first base . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Braun struck out looking . Ramirez struck out looking . Parra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 9 - Brewers 5 .	Bautista , Blue Jays end Brewers ' 5 - game win streak