Brewers - Top 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gomez walked . Gennett fouled out to catcher . Braun struck out looking . Gomez stole second . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Pagan flied out to center . Panik singled to right . Posey singled to right , Panik to third . Panik scored , Posey to second on wild pitch by Peralta . Sandoval singled to center , Posey scored , Sandoval to second advancing on throw . Pence singled to center , Sandoval scored . Morse hit by pitch , Pence to second . Blanco walked , Pence to third , Morse to second . Crawford grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Blanco out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Lucroy doubled to deep right . Parra grounded out to first , Lucroy to third . Overbay grounded out to shortstop , Lucroy scored . Herrera reached on infield single to pitcher . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Vogelsong singled to deep right . Pagan doubled to deep center , Vogelsong to third . Panik lined out to second . Posey singled to left , Vogelsong scored , Pagan to third . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pence reached on infield single to shortstop , Pagan scored , Posey to second . Morse lined out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gomez flied out to right . Gennett grounded out to second . Braun grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Peralta pitching for Brewers . Blanco walked . Blanco stole second . Crawford lined out to left , Blanco to third . Vogelsong grounded out to third . Pagan singled to left , Blanco scored . Panik grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Lucroy lined out to right . Parra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Posey reached on infield single to shortstop . Sandoval struck out swinging . Pence safe at first on error by shortstop Herrera , Posey to second . Morse walked , Posey to third , Pence to second . Blanco walked , Posey scored , Pence to third , Morse to second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Pence scored , Blanco out at second , Morse to third . Vogelsong grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Overbay singled to right . Herrera singled to right , Overbay to second . Estrada sacrificed to pitcher , Overbay to third , Herrera to second . Gomez hit sacrifice fly to center , Overbay scored , Herrera to third . Gennett grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Estrada pitching for Brewers . Pagan tripled to deep right center . Panik singled to shallow left . Posey tripled to deep right center , Pagan and Panik scored . Sandoval grounded out to shortstop . Pence singled to left center , Posey scored . Morse flied out to right . Blanco homered to right ( 350 feet ) , Pence scored . Crawford struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Arias at third base . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Braun struck out swinging . Ramirez popped out to second . Lucroy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Maldonado catching . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Reynolds at third base . Vogelsong popped out to second . Pagan fouled out to catcher . Panik singled to center . Posey singled to right , Panik to third . Arias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Susac catching . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Parra struck out swinging . Overbay struck out swinging . Herrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Pence walked . Morse singled to left , Pence to second . Blanco struck out looking . Crawford walked , Pence to third , Morse to second . Ishikawa hit for Vogelsong . Segura at shortstop . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Ishikawa grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Blanco in center field . Ishikawa in left field . Reynolds struck out swinging . Gomez flied out to center . Gennett grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Davis in left field . Parra in center field . Kintzler pitching for Brewers . Kontos grounded out to first . Panik doubled to deep left center . Susac grounded out to third . Arias flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Kontos pitching for Giants . Braun singled to right . Maldonado grounded into double play , third to second to first , Braun out at second . Segura grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 2 - Giants 13 .	Posey goes 5 - for-5 before sitting early in win