Braves - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Giles singled to center . Renteria lined out to third . Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Kent , Giles to second . Jones singled to center , Giles scored , Jones to third , Jones to second advancing on throw . LaRoche homered to right , Jones and Jones scored . Francoeur struck out swinging . McCann grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Furcal safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Giles . Furcal to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Cruz Jr flied out to center . Drew grounded out to shortstop , Furcal to third . Kent walked . Saenz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Langerhans grounded out to first . Hudson grounded out to third . Giles singled to left . Renteria struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Mueller grounded out to shortstop . Alomar Jr grounded out to second . Repko lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Jones walked . Jones flied out to left . LaRoche grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jones out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Lowe grounded out to shortstop . Furcal walked . Cruz Jr singled to right , Furcal to second . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cruz Jr out at second , Furcal to third . Kent singled to right , Furcal scored , Drew to second . Saenz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Francoeur grounded out to second . McCann singled to right . Langerhans grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Mueller walked . Alomar Jr grounded out to pitcher , Mueller to second . Repko grounded out to shortstop . Lowe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Hudson singled to left . Giles sacrificed to pitcher , Hudson to second . Renteria singled to left , Hudson to third . Jones singled to center , Hudson scored , Renteria to second . Jones homered to left , Renteria and Jones scored . LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Francoeur grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Furcal singled to right . Cruz Jr singled to right , Furcal to third . Drew reached on infield single to second , Furcal scored , Cruz Jr to second . Cruz Jr to third , Drew to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Cormier pitching for Braves . Kent doubled to deep left , Cruz Jr and Drew scored . Saenz struck out looking . Mueller singled to left , Kent scored . Alomar Jr flied out to left . Ross hit for Lowe . Repko singled to left , Mueller to second . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Ross popped out to first . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . McCann fouled out to catcher . Jordan hit for Cormier . Langerhans grounded out to second . Jordan walked . Jordan to second on passed ball by Alomar Jr. Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Giles walked . Renteria doubled to deep right center , Jordan and Giles scored . Jones walked . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Remlinger pitching for Braves . Furcal singled to right . Cruz Jr flied out to left . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Drew lined out to center . Kent hit by pitch , Furcal to second . Saenz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . LaRoche struck out swinging . Francoeur flied out to right . McCann popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Villarreal pitching for Braves . Mueller flied out to right . Alomar Jr singled to left . Ledee hit for Brazoban . Repko safe at first on error by third baseman Jones , Alomar Jr to second . Ledee flied out to center . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . Furcal flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 8th . Orr hit for Villarreal . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . Langerhans homered to right . Orr singled to right center . Giles grounded into double play , third to second to first , Orr out at second . Boyer pitching for Braves . Renteria grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Cruz Jr singled to right . Drew singled to center , Cruz Jr to second , Cruz Jr to third , Drew to second on error by center fielder Jones . Kent popped out to shortstop . Saenz singled to center , Cruz Jr and Drew scored . Thomson pitching for Braves . Mueller singled to right , Saenz to second . Alomar Jr struck out swinging . Navarro hit for Osoria . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Repko doubled to deep left , Saenz scored , Mueller to third . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Navarro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 9th . Baez pitching for Dodgers . Jones popped out to third . Jones walked . LaRoche flied out to center . Francoeur lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Reitsma pitching for Braves . Furcal reached on bunt single to shortstop . Cruz Jr doubled to right , Furcal to third . Drew grounded out to second , Furcal scored , Cruz Jr to third . Kent grounded out to shortstop , Cruz Jr scored . Saenz grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 11 - Dodgers 10 .	Braves lead by seven , then hang on to beat Dodgers