Dodgers - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal flied out to center . Lofton safe at third on error by right fielder Green . Drew grounded out to first , Lofton scored . Kent struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Counsell flied out to right . DaVanon flied out to left . Tracy lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra doubled to deep center . Mueller grounded out to first , Garciaparra to third . Alomar Jr singled to left , Garciaparra scored . Repko grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Alomar Jr out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to center . Jackson doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Green doubled to deep right , Jackson scored . Estrada doubled to deep center , Green to third . Hudson walked . Vargas singled to right , Green scored , Estrada to third , Hudson to second . Counsell flied out to left . DaVanon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vargas out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Penny singled to center . Furcal popped out to shortstop . Lofton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Penny out at second . Drew flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Tracy lined out to left . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Jackson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mueller . Green singled to center , Jackson to second . Estrada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Kent struck out looking . Garciaparra grounded out to second . Mueller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Hudson walked . Vargas sacrificed to pitcher , Hudson to second . Counsell grounded out to second , Hudson to third . DaVanon popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop . Repko flied out to right . Penny singled to left . Furcal singled to right , Penny to second . Lofton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Furcal out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Tracy singled to left . Gonzalez lined out to left . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second . Green flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew flied out to left . Kent reached on infield single to shortstop . Garciaparra singled to center , Kent to third . Mueller walked , Garciaparra to second . Alomar Jr grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Kent out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Penny pitching for Dodgers . Estrada grounded out to first . Green hit for Vargas . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Green singled to left . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Ledee hit for Penny . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Repko struck out swinging . Ledee struck out swinging . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . DaVanon struck out looking . Tracy hit ground rule double to deep center . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . Jackson intentionally walked . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Green grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Lofton grounded out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to first . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Robles at second base . Kent grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Estrada flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to third . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra struck out looking . Saenz hit for Alomar Jr. Mueller flied out to center . Cruz Jr ran for Saenz . Saenz doubled to deep center . Repko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 2 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Vargas helps himself with RBI as D - backs beat L.A.