Dodgers - Top 1st . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Lofton struck out swinging . Furcal walked . Garciaparra tripled to deep center , Furcal scored . Drew reached on infield single to shortstop , Garciaparra scored . Kent lined into double play , third to first , Drew doubled off first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Counsell singled to right . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Counsell out at second . Tracy grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ethier flied out to center . Robles tripled to deep center . Navarro singled to center , Robles scored . Perez singled to center , Navarro to second . Lofton tripled to deep center , Navarro and Perez scored . Furcal grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez popped out to second . Jackson struck out looking . Green singled to left . Green stole second . Green fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew grounded out to second . Kent singled to left . Ethier struck out swinging . Robles flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Snyder walked . Hernandez lined into double play , second to first , Snyder doubled off first . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Navarro popped out to pitcher . Perez grounded out to pitcher . Lofton singled to left . Lofton stole second . Furcal doubled to deep right , Lofton scored . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Garciaparra walked . Drew grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Garciaparra out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Byrnes doubled to left . Tracy grounded out to second , Byrnes to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Byrnes out at home . Jackson lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kent walked . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kent out at second . Robles walked . Navarro grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Green homered to right . Green reached on bunt single to first . Snyder walked , Green to second . Grimsley bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Snyder out at second , Green to third . Counsell singled to left , Green scored , Grimsley to second . Byrnes singled to left , Grimsley to third , Counsell to second . Tracy homered to right , Grimsley , Counsell and Byrnes scored . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Martinez at third base . Gonzalez walked . Jackson doubled to deep center , Gonzalez scored . Green walked . Green struck out swinging . DaVanon hit for Grimsley . Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Snyder walked , Jackson to third , Green to second . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . DaVanon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Snyder out at second . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Daigle pitching for Diamondbacks . Martinez walked . Lofton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martinez out at second . Furcal walked . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers . Counsell safe at first on error by pitcher Beimel . Counsell picked off first . Byrnes doubled to deep right . Tracy grounded out to first , Byrnes to third . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 7th . Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew homered to right . Kent flied out to center . Saenz hit for Beimel . Ethier doubled to left . Saenz grounded out to shortstop , Ethier to third . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Navarro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Jackson walked . Green singled to left center , Jackson to second . Green sacrificed to pitcher , Jackson to third , Green to second . Hudson hit for Vizcaino . Snyder struck out looking . Hudson walked . Counsell singled to left , Jackson scored , Green to third , Hudson to second . Hamulack pitching for Dodgers . Byrnes singled to left , Green scored , Hudson to third , Counsell to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Hudson at second base . Tracy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Martinez hit ground rule double to deep center . Lofton lined out to first . Furcal flied out to right , Martinez to third . Garciaparra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Hamulack pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Jackson lined out to shortstop . Clark hit for Lyon . Green doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored . Clark popped out to second . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark at first base . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew homered to left . Kent grounded out to third . Mueller hit for Hamulack . Ethier walked . Alomar Jr hit for Navarro . Mueller struck out looking . Alomar Jr flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Diamondbacks 10 .	Seven - run fifth carries Diamondbacks past Dodgers