Dodgers - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal flied out to center . Lofton grounded out to third . Garciaparra singled to deep left . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Carroll struck out swinging . Salazar reached on infield single to second . Atkins singled to left , Salazar to second . Holliday grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Atkins out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Drew flied out to left . Martin grounded out to second . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Helton grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe flied out to center . Tulowitzki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Betemit homered to center . Lowe struck out swinging . Furcal struck out swinging . Lofton struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Closser struck out swinging . Cook grounded out to catcher . Carroll reached on infield single to third . Salazar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Kent singled to left . Drew grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kent out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Atkins singled to left center . Holliday doubled to left center , Atkins to third . Helton singled to right , Atkins scored , Holliday to third . Hawpe grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Holliday scored , Helton out at second . Tulowitzki singled to right center . Closser grounded out to catcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Martin singled to center . Anderson reached on infield single to second , Martin to second . Betemit grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Anderson out at second , Martin to third . Lowe struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Cook struck out looking . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Salazar singled to right center . Salazar to second on balk by Lowe . Atkins doubled to left , Salazar scored . Holliday singled to center , Atkins scored . Holliday stole second . Helton flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Furcal flied out to left . Lofton singled to center . Garciaparra singled to left , Lofton to second . Kent grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second , Lofton to third . Drew tripled to deep center , Lofton and Kent scored . Martin flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Hawpe fouled out to left . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . Closser walked . Cook grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Anderson tripled to deep right . Ethier hit for Lowe . Betemit walked . Ethier singled to right , Anderson scored , Betemit to second . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ethier out at second , Betemit to third . Lofton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Betemit scored , Furcal out at second . Young ran for Garciaparra . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Garciaparra singled to left , Lofton to third . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Loney at first base . Kent doubled to left , Lofton scored , Young thrown out at home . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Carroll flied out to center . Salazar struck out swinging . Atkins flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Drew struck out swinging . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Repko in left field . Anderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Holliday fouled out to first . Helton grounded out to third . Hawpe walked . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Tulowitzki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Betemit grounded out to third . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Matsui hit for Closser . Furcal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Baker hit for Affeldt . Saito pitching for Dodgers . Matsui flied out to center . Baker struck out looking . Carroll singled to center . Carroll to second on fielder 's indifference . Salazar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 6 - Rockies 4 .	Dodgers maintain wild - card lead