Astros - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bourn reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourn stole second. Manzella grounded out to pitcher. Pence flied out to right, Bourn to third. Lee struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Schumaker singled to right. Ludwick singled to left, Schumaker to second. Pujols singled to left, Schumaker scored, Ludwick out at third, Pujols to second. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Molina flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blum flied out to center. Feliz singled to left. Matsui flied out to center. Quintero walked, Feliz to second. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Rasmus safe at first on error by first baseman Blum. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second. Ryan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bourn singled to center. Bourn picked off first. Manzella grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Wainwright flied out to left. Schumaker singled to center. Ludwick singled to left, Schumaker to second. Pujols homered to left center (395 feet), Schumaker and Ludwick scored. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Molina lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lee flied out to right. Blum singled to left center. Feliz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blum out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Rasmus grounded out to first. Freese lined out to center. Ryan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. Quintero grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Wainwright walked. Schumaker bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wainwright out at second. Ludwick singled to left, Schumaker to second. Pujols walked, Schumaker to third, Ludwick to second. Holliday grounded into double play, third to first, Ludwick out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Manzella singled to center. Pence lined out to center. Lee struck out swinging. Blum fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Molina grounded out to third. Rasmus walked. Rasmus caught stealing second, catcher to second. Freese hit ground rule double to deep right. Ryan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. Matsui struck out looking. Quintero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Wainwright doubled to deep left. Schumaker bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Wainwright out at third. Ludwick tripled to deep center, Schumaker scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Towles grounded out to first. Bourn struck out looking. Manzella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Rasmus grounded out to second. Freese singled to center. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Freese out at second, Ryan to second on throwing error by second baseman Matsui. Stavinoha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Pence singled to right. Lee grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pence out at second. Blum flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 0 - Cardinals 5.	Pujols' 4 RBIs power Cards