Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Johnson homered to left (350 feet). Abreu singled to left. Upton grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Abreu out at second. Reynolds walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn doubled to left. Keppinger struck out swinging. Lee struck out swinging. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Ryal struck out swinging. Snyder struck out looking. Haren grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to third. Blum struck out looking. Manzella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Johnson hit by pitch. Abreu reached on infield single to shortstop, Johnson to second. Johnson to third, Abreu to second on passed ball by Quintero. Upton singled to center, Johnson scored, Abreu to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right, Abreu scored. Upton stole second. LaRoche singled to right, Upton to third. Young singled to left, Upton scored, LaRoche thrown out at third, Young to second advancing on throw. Ryal flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out looking. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Snyder struck out swinging. Haren doubled to right. Johnson grounded out to second, Haren to third. Abreu doubled to left, Haren scored. Lopez pitching for Astros. Upton grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Keppinger doubled to left. Lee singled to center, Keppinger scored. Berkman safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Lee to second. Pence grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berkman out at second, Lee to third. Blum singled to left, Lee scored. Manzella struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Reynolds flied out to center. LaRoche tripled to deep left. Young struck out swinging. Ryal reached on infield single to third, LaRoche scored. Snyder flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero flied out to right. Matsui hit for Lopez. Matsui flied out to left. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Haren flied out to center. Johnson singled to right. Abreu flied into double play, left to first, Johnson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Keppinger grounded out to second. Lee flied out to left. Berkman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Upton walked. Reynolds popped out to shortstop. LaRoche struck out swinging. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Parra in left field. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence grounded out to pitcher. Blum grounded out to first. Manzella grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Parra struck out swinging. Snyder struck out swinging. Haren flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero reached on bunt single to pitcher. Michaels hit for Fulchino. Michaels singled to center, Quintero to second. Bourn walked, Quintero to third, Michaels to second. Keppinger grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quintero scored, Bourn out at second, Michaels to third. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Michaels in left field. Johnson grounded out to second. Abreu singled to left. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Abreu out at second. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman grounded out to second. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Blum singled to center. Manzella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Astros 3.	D-backs' Haren K's 9 in complete game win \n\n