Astros - Top 1st. LeCure pitching for Reds. Bourn struck out looking. Keppinger flied out to center. Pence homered to right center (417 feet). Lee lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Cairo struck out swinging. Phillips homered to center (419 feet). Rolen reached on infield single to third. Gomes tripled to deep right, Rolen scored. Bruce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. LeCure pitching for Reds. Berkman walked. Feliz grounded out to second, Berkman to second. Manzella grounded out to pitcher. Quintero walked. Rodriguez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Stubbs struck out swinging. Hanigan walked. LeCure bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Hanigan out at second. Cabrera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. LeCure pitching for Reds. Bourn singled to left. Keppinger singled to left center, Bourn to third. Pence singled to center, Bourn scored, Keppinger to second. Lee grounded out to pitcher, Keppinger to third, Pence to second. Berkman intentionally walked. Feliz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Berkman out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Cairo singled to left. Cairo stole second. Phillips struck out swinging. Rolen doubled to deep center, Cairo scored. Gomes homered to left (363 feet), Rolen scored. Bruce struck out looking. Stubbs struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Manzella flied out to center. Quintero singled to shallow right center. Rodriguez sacrificed to pitcher, Quintero to second. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Hanigan reached on infield single to shortstop. LeCure bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Hanigan out at second. Cabrera singled to right, LeCure to second. Cairo walked, LeCure to third, Cabrera to second. Chacin pitching for Astros. Phillips singled to left, LeCure and Cabrera scored, Cairo to second. Rolen flied out to left. Gomes walked, Cairo to third, Phillips to second. Bruce walked, Cairo scored, Phillips to third, Gomes to second. Stubbs struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Keppinger flied out to center. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Lee singled to right. Berkman walked, Lee to second. Feliz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 5th. Chacin pitching for Astros. Hanigan popped out to second. LeCure grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. LeCure pitching for Reds. Manzella struck out swinging. Quintero struck out swinging. Sullivan hit for Chacin. Sullivan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 6th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Cairo singled to right. Phillips singled to right, Cairo to second. Rolen flied out to right, Cairo to third. Gomes singled to right, Cairo scored, Phillips to second. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Bruce struck out swinging. Stubbs singled to right, Phillips scored, Gomes to third. Hanigan walked, Stubbs to second. Sutton hit for LeCure. Sutton homered to left (353 feet), Gomes, Stubbs and Hanigan scored. Cabrera flied out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Sutton at third base. Bourn struck out looking. Keppinger grounded out to first. Pence walked. Lee doubled to deep right center, Pence scored. Lee to third on wild pitch by Lincoln. Berkman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 7th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Cairo doubled to right. Phillips struck out swinging. Lincoln grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cairo out at third. Gomes singled to left, Lincoln to second. Bruce lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Hernandez at first base. Cairo at third base. Sutton at shortstop. Lincoln pitching for Reds. Feliz grounded out to third. Manzella reached on infield single to third. Quintero doubled to deep right center, Manzella to third. Blum hit for Lopez. Blum grounded out to shortstop, Manzella scored. Bourn singled to center, Quintero scored. Bourn to second on fielder's indifference. Keppinger doubled to left, Bourn scored. Owings pitching for Reds. Pence struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Bottom 8th. Cash pitching for Astros. Stubbs popped out to second. Hanigan doubled to deep left. Sutton singled to center, Hanigan to third. Hernandez singled to center, Hanigan scored, Sutton to second. Cairo grounded out to second, Sutton to third, Hernandez to second. Phillips flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Owings pitching for Reds. Lee lined out to second. Berkman singled to left. Feliz flied out to center. Berkman to second on fielder's indifference. Manzella struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 6 - Reds 15.	Reds homer in 17th straight game, rip Astros