Nationals - Top 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morgan singled to right. Guzman struck out swinging, Morgan stole second. Morgan to third on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Dunn doubled to left, Morgan scored. Zimmerman walked. Willingham flied out to left. Desmond struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bourn bunt grounded out to pitcher. Keppinger walked. Berkman singled to left, Keppinger to second. Lee grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morse struck out swinging. Nieves lined out to right. Lannan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Feliz singled to center. Manzella reached on bunt single to third, Feliz to second. Quintero flied out to right. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morgan grounded out to first. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Dunn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bourn singled to center. Keppinger grounded out to pitcher, Bourn to second. Berkman flied out to center, Bourn to third. Lee homered to left center (400 feet), Bourn scored. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Willingham hit by pitch. Desmond doubled to left, Willingham to third. Morse walked. Nieves struck out looking. Lannan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Feliz grounded out to second. Manzella flied out to center. Quintero singled to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Morgan singled to center. Guzman popped out to second. Morgan caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Dunn singled to center. Zimmerman walked, Dunn to second. Willingham reached first base on catcher's interference, Dunn to third, Zimmerman to second. Willingham batting. Desmond grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bourn lined out to left. Keppinger grounded out to third. Berkman grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Morse grounded out to second. Nieves struck out swinging. Lannan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Lee walked. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Lee out at second. Feliz singled to center, Pence to second. Manzella grounded into fielder's choice to first, Pence safe at third on error by shortstop Desmond, Feliz safe at second on error by shortstop Desmond, Pence scored, Feliz to third, Manzella to first on throwing error by shortstop Desmon. Quintero bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Feliz out at home, Manzella to second. Michaels hit for Lopez. Michaels flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Morgan struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to second. Dunn singled to center. Daigle pitching for Astros. Zimmerman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Dunn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Lannan pitching for Nationals. Bourn grounded out to second. Keppinger singled to left. Berkman safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond, Keppinger to second. Walker pitching for Nationals. Kennedy at second base. Lee fouled out to first. Pence tripled to deep center, Keppinger and Berkman scored. Feliz grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Daigle pitching for Astros. Willingham grounded out to third. Desmond flied out to center. Morse singled to left. Nieves grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Morse out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Walker pitching for Nationals. Manzella struck out swinging. Quintero struck out swinging. Sullivan hit for Daigle. Sullivan flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Chacin pitching for Astros. Kennedy struck out swinging. Morgan struck out swinging. Gonzalez hit for Walker. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 1 - Astros 5.	Lee's blast helps Rodriguez snap skid, lift Astros