Mets - Top 1st . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Nimmo grounded out to first . Conforto singled to right . Bruce doubled to deep right , Conforto to third . González singled to right , Conforto scored , Bruce to third . Plawecki grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bruce scored , González safe at third on throwing error by pitcher McCarthy . Reyes grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Plawecki out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 1st . Conlon pitching for Mets . Inciarte grounded out to first . Albies grounded out to pitcher . Freeman singled to center . Markakis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Guillorme grounded out to first . Rosario fouled out to right . Conlon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Conlon pitching for Mets . Suzuki homered to left ( 405 feet ) . Culberson grounded out to third . Camargo doubled to deep left center . Swanson struck out swinging . McCarthy singled to center , Camargo thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Nimmo homered to center ( 435 feet ) . Conforto singled to left center . Bruce flied out to left . González struck out swinging . Plawecki singled to center , Conforto to second . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Conlon pitching for Mets . Inciarte singled to right . Albies singled to left , Inciarte to third , Albies to second advancing on throw . Freeman singled to center , Inciarte and Albies scored . Markakis doubled to deep right , Freeman to third . Robles pitching for Mets . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to right , Freeman scored , Markakis to third . Culberson struck out swinging . Camargo hit by pitch . Swanson grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Guillorme lined out to center . Rosario flied out to right . Robles struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Robles pitching for Mets . McCarthy grounded out to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . Albies singled to center . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . Nimmo grounded out to first . Conforto grounded out to second . Bruce flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Robles pitching for Mets . Markakis flied out to left . Suzuki doubled to left . Culberson lined out to center . Camargo walked . Swanson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Camargo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Braves . González grounded out to first . Plawecki reached on infield single to third . Reyes singled to left , Plawecki to second . Guillorme singled to center , Plawecki to third , Reyes to second . Moylan pitching for Braves . Rosario singled to left , Plawecki and Reyes scored , Guillorme to second . Bautista hit for Robles . Guillorme to third , Rosario to second on wild pitch by Moylan . Bautista grounded out to pitcher . Nimmo fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Flaherty hit for Moylan . Flaherty singled to center . Inciarte doubled to right , Flaherty to third . Albies struck out swinging . Freeman intentionally walked . Markakis reached on infield single to third , Flaherty scored , Inciarte to third , Freeman to second . Suzuki grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Inciarte out at home , Freeman to third , Markakis to second . Culberson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Minter pitching for Braves . Conforto singled to left . Bruce grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Conforto out at second . González singled to center , Bruce to second . Plawecki reached on infield single to shortstop , Bruce to third , González to second . Reyes struck out looking . Guillorme singled to left , Bruce and González scored , Plawecki to second . Tucker in left field . Sims pitching for Braves . Rosario singled to center , Plawecki scored , Guillorme to third , Rosario to second advancing on throw . Cabrera hit for Gsellman . Cabrera lined out to left . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Rhame pitching for Mets . Camargo lined out to right . Swanson struck out swinging . Tucker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Sims pitching for Braves . Nimmo flied out to right . Conforto walked . Bruce struck out swinging . González grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Familia pitching for Mets . Inciarte struck out swinging . Albies grounded out to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Sims pitching for Braves . Plawecki walked . Reyes struck out swinging . Guillorme flied out to left . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Familia pitching for Mets . Markakis grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki grounded out to second . Peterson hit for Sims . Peterson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 8 - Braves 5 .	Mets bounce back , beat Braves 8 - 5 to split rain - delayed DH