Mets - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Nimmo inside - the - park home run to deep right center ( 396 feet ) . Cabrera struck out swinging . Frazier lined out to third . Flores flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . deGrom pitching for Mets . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to second . Arenado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Conforto doubled to deep left . Mesoraco grounded out to third . Conforto stole third . Bautista grounded out to pitcher , Conforto scored . deGrom struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . deGrom pitching for Mets . González doubled to left . Story flied out to left . Parra doubled to deep center , González scored . Desmond grounded out to second , Parra to third . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Rosario struck out swinging . Nimmo struck out looking . Cabrera singled to center . Frazier popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . deGrom pitching for Mets . Anderson struck out swinging . LeMahieu doubled to right center . Blackmon flied out to left . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Flores homered to left center ( 422 feet ) . Conforto grounded out to third . Mesoraco grounded out to third . Bautista walked . deGrom flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . deGrom pitching for Mets . González grounded out to first . Story walked . Parra lined into double play , to first , Story doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Rosario singled to left center . Nimmo singled to right , Rosario to second . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to first , Rosario out at third , Nimmo to second . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . deGrom pitching for Mets . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Murphy struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Flores struck out looking . Conforto reached on infield single to third . Mesoraco hit by pitch , Conforto to second . Bautista walked , Conforto to third , Mesoraco to second . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . deGrom grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Conforto out at home , Mesoraco to third , Bautista to second . Rosario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . deGrom pitching for Mets . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon grounded out to first . Arenado grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . Nimmo homered to center ( 449 feet ) . Cabrera struck out swinging . Frazier grounded out to second . Flores flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . deGrom pitching for Mets . González grounded out to third . Story grounded out to shortstop . Parra reached on infield single to first . Desmond singled to right , Parra to second , Parra scored , Desmond to second on error by right fielder Bautista . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . Conforto doubled to deep right . McGee pitching for Rockies . Conforto to third on wild pitch by McGee . Mesoraco homered to left ( 406 feet ) , Conforto scored . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . deGrom grounded out to first . Rosario doubled to center . Nimmo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Cuevas hit for McGee . deGrom pitching for Mets . Cuevas grounded out to shortstop . LeMahieu struck out looking . Blackmon grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Cabrera singled to center . Frazier singled to deep right center , Cabrera to third . Flores grounded out to pitcher , Frazier to second . Conforto intentionally walked . Mesoraco walked , Cabrera scored , Frazier to third , Conforto to second . Bautista walked , Frazier scored , Conforto to third , Mesoraco to second . Reyes hit for deGrom . Pounders pitching for Rockies . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Conforto out at home , Mesoraco to third , Bautista to second . Rosario doubled to right , Mesoraco and Bautista scored , Reyes to third . Nimmo singled to right center , Reyes and Rosario scored . Cabrera struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Guillorme at second base . Sewald pitching for Mets . Arenado flied out to center . González struck out swinging . Story walked . Story to second on fielder 's indifference . Parra lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 12 - Rockies 2 .	Mets finally give run support to DeGrom in rout