Nationals - Top 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Watson flied out to center . Vidro struck out swinging . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Reyes flied out to center . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Beltran fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Johnson grounded out to second . Soriano walked . Soriano stole second . Zimmerman walked . Clayton struck out swinging . Schneider grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Delgado struck out swinging . Wright flied out to center . Floyd struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Hernandez singled to left . Watson bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Hernandez out at second . Vidro grounded out to second , Watson to second . Guillen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Nady singled to center . Hernandez grounded out to second , Nady to second . Glavine singled to right , Nady to third . Reyes lined out to left . Lo Duca singled to center , Nady scored , Glavine to second . Beltran grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Johnson walked . Soriano singled to right , Johnson to second . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Johnson to third , Soriano to second . Clayton hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Schneider grounded out to first , Soriano to third , Zimmerman to second . Hernandez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Delgado lined out to left . Wright fouled out to left . Floyd walked . Nady doubled to left , Floyd scored . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Watson grounded out to second . Vidro singled to deep center . Guillen doubled to deep center , Vidro to third . Johnson struck out looking . Soriano struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Glavine reached on infield single to pitcher . Reyes grounded out to first . Lo Duca doubled to deep right center , Glavine to third . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Delgado popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Clayton singled to right . Schneider grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wright homered to right . Floyd flied out to left . Nady singled to left . Valentin hit for Glavine . Hernandez safe at first on error by pitcher Hernandez , Nady to second . Valentin struck out swinging . Heilman pitching for Mets . Anderson hit for Hernandez . Reyes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 7th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Anderson singled to left center . Watson singled to right , Anderson to third . Vidro singled to right , Anderson scored , Watson to second . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vidro out at second , Watson to third . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Lo Duca popped out to second . Beltran struck out looking . Delgado walked . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Wright singled to right , Delgado to second . Floyd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Delgado out at third , Wright to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Soriano singled to left . Zimmerman doubled to deep left , Soriano thrown out at home . Clayton grounded out to shortstop , Zimmerman to third . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Schneider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Nady hit ground rule double to deep right . Franco hit for Heilman . Hernandez struck out bunting foul . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Wagner pitching for Mets . Byrd hit for Majewski . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . LeCroy hit for Watson . Wagner pitching for Mets . Byrd grounded out to third . LeCroy struck out looking . Vidro singled to center , Vidro out stretching at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Mets 3 .	Glavine pitches Mets past Nationals