Nationals - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Watson grounded out to shortstop . Byrd struck out looking . Vidro grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Biggio reached on infield single to shortstop . Taveras flied out to right . Berkman homered to center , Biggio scored . Ensberg singled to left . Wilson singled to right , Ensberg to second . Lane walked , Ensberg to third , Wilson to second . Ausmus singled to center , Ensberg and Wilson scored , Lane to second . Everett struck out looking . Oswalt singled to center , Lane scored , Ausmus to third . Biggio grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Oswalt out at second . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Johnson walked . Soriano homered to right , Johnson scored . Zimmerman singled to center . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . Schneider singled to left . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schneider out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Taveras grounded out to shortstop . Berkman struck out looking . Ensberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Watson singled to left . Byrd hit by pitch , Watson to second . Watson caught stealing third , catcher to third , Byrd to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Vidro singled to shallow right , Byrd scored . Johnson singled to left , Vidro to second . Soriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Johnson out at second , Vidro to third . Zimmerman flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Lane singled to left . Ausmus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lane out at second . Everett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Clayton struck out looking . Schneider flied out to left . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Oswalt grounded out to pitcher . Biggio flied out to left . Taveras singled to center . Berkman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Watson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Ensberg tripled to deep right center . Wilson flied out to right . Lane grounded out to third . Ausmus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Johnson grounded out to second . Soriano flied out to center . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Everett singled to left . Oswalt sacrificed to first , Everett to second . Biggio hit by pitch . Taveras struck out swinging . Berkman singled to center , Everett scored , Biggio to second . Ensberg reached on infield single to shortstop , Biggio to third , Berkman to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ensberg out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Clayton singled to left . Anderson hit for Hernandez . Schneider popped out to second . Guillen hit for Watson . Qualls pitching for Astros . Anderson walked , Clayton to second . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop , Clayton to third , Anderson to second . Byrd doubled to deep center , Clayton and Anderson scored , Guillen to third . Vidro grounded out to second , Guillen scored , Byrd to third . Johnson walked . Soriano doubled to deep left center , Byrd and Johnson scored . Springer pitching for Astros . Zimmerman singled to right , Soriano scored , Zimmerman to second advancing on throw . Guillen in right field . Byrd in center field . Jackson in left field . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Clayton flied out to right . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Lane homered to left . Ausmus grounded out to pitcher . Palmeiro hit for Springer . Everett flied out to right . Miller pitching for Astros . Palmeiro flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . LeCroy hit for Rauch . Miller pitching for Astros . Schneider singled to right . Nieve pitching for Astros . LeCroy flied out to center . Guillen singled to left , Schneider to second . Byrd struck out swinging . Vidro homered to right , Schneider and Guillen scored . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Biggio popped out to second . Taveras grounded out to second . Burke at second base . Berkman fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Nieve pitching for Astros . Jackson struck out swinging . Zimmerman popped out to third . Clayton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Majewski pitching for Nationals . Ensberg grounded out to third . Wilson homered to right . Lane grounded out to shortstop . Ausmus flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 12 - Astros 8 .	Vidro , Soriano combine for nine RBI in Nats ' win