Nationals - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Soriano struck out swinging . Vidro grounded out to second . Johnson singled to left . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Pierre bunt grounded out to third . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Walker lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Church struck out swinging . Zimmerman doubled to right . Gonzalez struck out looking . Clayton walked , Zimmerman to second . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clayton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Barrett doubled to deep right center . Ramirez popped out to second . Jones grounded out to first , Barrett to third . Mabry grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Soriano struck out swinging . Vidro safe at first on error by shortstop Cedeno . Johnson flied out to left . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cedeno grounded out to third . Zambrano popped out to third . Pierre singled to left center , Pierre to second on error by left fielder Soriano . Murton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Church struck out looking . Zimmerman fouled out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Walker doubled to deep center . Barrett singled to left , Walker to third . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker scored , Barrett out at second . Jones singled to center , Ramirez to second . Mabry walked , Ramirez to third , Jones to second . Cedeno lined into double play , left to second , Jones doubled off second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Clayton grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez flied out to right . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Zambrano safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Clayton . Pierre reached on bunt single to catcher , Zambrano to second . Murton sacrificed into fielder 's choice to third , Zambrano to third , Pierre to second . Walker singled to right center , Zambrano and Pierre scored , Murton to third . Barrett lined into double play , pitcher to first , Walker out at first . Ramirez doubled to deep right center , Murton scored . Jones lined out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Top 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Vidro flied out to left . Johnson grounded out to second . Guillen fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Mabry grounded out to first . Cedeno walked . Zambrano bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Cedeno out at second . Pierre bunt popped out foul to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Church grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman fouled out to first . Gonzalez singled to center . Clayton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Murton struck out looking . Walker walked . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Walker out at second . Anderson hit for Hernandez . Ramirez bunt popped out foul to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Anderson walked . Soriano flied out to left . Vidro singled to right , Anderson to second . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Eischen pitching for Nationals . Jones flied out to right . Mabry walked . Hairston Jr hit for Zambrano . Cedeno struck out swinging . Hairston Jr singled to left , Mabry to second . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Pierre lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Guillen flied out to left . Church struck out looking . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 0 - Cubs 4 .	Zambrano outduels Livan as Cubs blank struggling Nats