Nationals - Top 1st . Willis pitching for Marlins . Soriano homered to left . Lopez walked . Zimmerman grounded out to second , Lopez to second . Lopez stole third . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Guillen grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Ramirez homered to center . Uggla doubled to deep center . Cabrera singled to right , Uggla to third . Willingham grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uggla scored , Cabrera out at second . Helms homered to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Kearns batting . Anderson batting . Fick struck out swinging . Escobar in right field . O'Connor struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie flied out to center . Willis grounded out to first . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Willis pitching for Marlins . Soriano popped out to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to left . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . Anderson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Helms flied out to center . Hermida grounded out to first . Olivo batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Fick batting . O'Connor batting . Soriano walked , O'Connor to second . Lopez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Abercrombie reached on bunt single to third , Abercrombie to second on throwing error by third baseman Zimmerman . R Abercrombie scored on throwing error by second baseman Anderson . Willis grounded out to second . Ramirez walked . Uggla flied out to right . Amezaga at shortstop . Cabrera batting . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Willis pitching for Marlins . Zimmerman walked . Johnson doubled to deep left center , Zimmerman scored . Escobar singled to right , Johnson to third . Kearns grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Johnson scored , Escobar out at second . Anderson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . O'Connor pitching for Nationals . Helms flied out to right . Hermida singled to shallow center . Corcoran pitching for Nationals . Hermida stole second . Olivo lined out to shortstop . Abercrombie grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Matos hit for Corcoran . Willis pitching for Marlins . Fick singled to right . Matos doubled to deep right , Fick to third . Soriano popped out to second . Lopez struck out looking . Zimmerman intentionally walked . Messenger pitching for Marlins . Johnson singled to center , Fick and Matos scored , Zimmerman to second . Gryboski pitching for Nationals . Borchard hit for Messenger . Escobar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Gryboski pitching for Nationals . Borchard grounded out to second . Amezaga singled to center . Uggla grounded out to third , Amezaga to second . Cabrera singled to right , Amezaga scored . Willingham singled to center , Cabrera to second . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Borchard in left field . Helms flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Kearns struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . Ward hit for Gryboski . Fick homered to right . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Ward struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Stanton pitching for Nationals . Hermida struck out swinging . Olivo singled to center . Abercrombie grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Olivo out at second . Abercrombie stole second . Borchard popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Kensing pitching for Marlins . Soriano grounded out to third . Lopez flied out to left . Zimmerman doubled to deep left center . Johnson intentionally walked . Escobar singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Johnson to third , Escobar to second advancing on throw . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Kearns struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Amezaga reached on bunt single to pitcher . Uggla sacrificed to first , Amezaga to second . Jacobs hit for Kensing . Cabrera intentionally walked . Jacobs struck out swinging . Helms walked , Cabrera to second . Hermida struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Nationals 7 - Marlins 6 .	Cordero records first save since June 17 as Nats rally past Marlins