Phillies - Top 1st . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to right . Victorino grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Rollins out at second . Utley flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop . Zimmerman singled to center , Lopez to second . Johnson walked , Lopez to third , Zimmerman to second . Kearns hit sacrifice fly to center , Lopez scored , Zimmerman to third . Anderson singled to right , Zimmerman scored , Johnson to third . Harper popped out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Howard singled to right center . Dellucci tripled to deep right , Howard scored . Burrell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dellucci out at home . Lieberthal flied out to left . Nunez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Castro grounded out to second . Astacio singled to center . Soriano fouled out to first . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Astacio out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Wolf struck out swinging . Rollins fouled out to shortstop . Victorino flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman reached on bunt single to catcher . Johnson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . Kearns walked . Anderson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Utley grounded out to second . Howard homered to right center . Dellucci flied out to center . Burrell walked . Lieberthal struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Harper flied out to right . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Astacio popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Nunez grounded out to second . Wolf grounded out to first . Rollins singled to left . Victorino popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Soriano flied out to right . Lopez lined out to center . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Utley grounded out to second . Howard walked . Dellucci flied out to left . Burrell doubled to deep right center , Howard scored . Lieberthal singled to center , Burrell scored . Thurston hit for Wolf . Nunez singled to left , Lieberthal to second . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Madson pitching for Phillies . Thurston grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Johnson singled to center . Kearns struck out swinging . Ward hit for Harper . Anderson struck out swinging . Schneider catching . Ward flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Rollins flied out to right . Victorino singled to left . Utley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Victorino out at second . Howard hit by pitch , Utley to second . Dellucci grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Vidro hit for Rivera . Madson pitching for Phillies . Castro flied out to left . Vidro grounded out to first . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Burrell flied out to center . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez hit for Madson . Nunez singled to center . Dellucci in left field . Roberson in right field . Geary pitching for Phillies . Hernandez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Lopez doubled to left . Zimmerman flied out to center , Lopez to third . Johnson grounded out to third . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Kearns grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Rollins singled to center . Victorino sacrificed to pitcher , Rollins to second . Utley grounded out to second , Rollins to third . Howard intentionally walked . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Dellucci struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Rhodes pitching for Phillies . Anderson safe at first on error by pitcher Rhodes . Schneider doubled to deep left , Anderson to third . Mateo hit for Cordero . Castro struck out swinging . Mateo grounded out to pitcher . Soriano intentionally walked . Lopez singled to left , Anderson and Schneider scored , Soriano to second . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 10th . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Roberson grounded out to second . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Conine hit for Rhodes . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lieberthal out at second . Conine singled to right , Nunez to third . Nunez scored , Conine to second on passed ball by Schneider . Rollins walked . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Victorino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 10th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Johnson reached on infield single to first . Kearns flied out to center . Anderson singled to center , Johnson to second . Schneider singled to left center , Johnson scored , Anderson to second . Church hit for Wagner . Castro flied out to center , Anderson to third . Anderson scored on Fultz ' wild pitch . Church batting . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 5 - Nationals 6 .	Howard breaks Phillies ' single - season HR record in loss