Nationals - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Lopez grounded out to second . Zimmerman lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Carroll doubled to left center . Helton flied out to right , Carroll to third . Atkins hit sacrifice fly to center , Carroll scored . Holliday flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Vidro doubled to left . Church flied out to center . Schneider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Hawpe walked . Tulowitzki singled to center , Hawpe to third . Torrealba struck out swinging , Tulowitzki stole second . Salazar hit sacrifice fly to right , Hawpe scored , Tulowitzki to third . Cook struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Logan singled to left . Bergmann sacrificed to first , Logan to second . Soriano singled to center , Logan scored . Soriano stole second . Lopez grounded out to first , Soriano to third . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Carroll struck out swinging . Helton fouled out to left . Atkins walked . Holliday homered to right , Atkins scored . Hawpe walked . Tulowitzki struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Johnson hit by pitch . Vidro grounded out to second , Johnson to second . Church doubled to deep center , Johnson scored . Schneider flied out to center . Logan intentionally walked . Bergmann grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Torrealba struck out looking . Salazar reached on infield single to first . Cook sacrificed to pitcher , Salazar to second . Campbell pitching for Nationals . Carroll singled to center , Salazar scored . Helton flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Soriano flied out to right . Lopez grounded out to second . Zimmerman lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Campbell pitching for Nationals . Atkins popped out to second . Holliday hit by pitch . Hawpe struck out swinging . Holliday caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Johnson homered to center . Vidro grounded out to second . Church singled to center . Schneider grounded out to pitcher , Church to second . Perez pitching for Nationals . Logan grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki struck out looking . Torrealba struck out looking . Salazar singled to center . Salazar stole second . Cook walked . Castro hit for Perez . Carroll flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Castro grounded out to second . Soriano grounded out to third . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Lopez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Helton grounded out to second . Atkins doubled to deep left . Holliday struck out looking . Atkins to third on wild pitch by Wagner . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Hawpe grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Iannetta catching . Affeldt pitching for Rockies . Zimmerman grounded out to third . Johnson walked . Kearns hit for Church . Vidro singled to left , Johnson to second . Kearns singled to right , Johnson scored , Vidro thrown out at third , Kearns to second advancing on throw . Schneider doubled to deep left , Kearns scored . Corpas pitching for Rockies . Lombard in right field . Logan grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Tulowitzki singled to center . Tulowitzki stole second . Iannetta fouled out to pitcher . Castilla hit for Corpas . Salazar intentionally walked . Castilla flied out to center . Carroll reached on infield single to shortstop , Tulowitzki scored , Salazar to second . Helton reached on infield single to first , Salazar scored , Carroll to second , Carroll to third on throwing error by first baseman Johnson . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop , Carroll scored , Helton to second . Holliday singled to right , Helton scored , Atkins to second . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Mateo hit for Rodriguez . Hawpe safe at first on error by right fielder Lombard , Atkins scored , Holliday advanced to second on play , Holliday tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 2 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Fuentes pitching for Rockies . Mateo grounded out to pitcher . Soriano flied out to right . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 5 - Rockies 10 .	Rockies use five - run eighth inning to bury Nats