Brewers - Top 1st . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Gwynn Jr struck out looking . Graffanino walked . Fielder homered to right , Graffanino scored . Hall flied out to center . Jenkins popped out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Bush pitching for Brewers . Soriano singled to left . Soriano stole second . Lopez reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lopez out at second , Soriano to third . Zimmerman stole second . Johnson grounded out to second , Soriano scored , Zimmerman to third . Kearns reached on infield single to second , Zimmerman scored . Schneider doubled to deep right , Kearns scored . Castro lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Hart reached on infield single to shortstop . Bell doubled to deep left , Hart scored . Rivera struck out swinging . Bush struck out swinging . Gwynn Jr lined out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Logan reached on bunt single to pitcher . Astacio sacrificed to catcher , Logan to second . Logan stole third , Logan scored on throwing error by catcher Rivera . Soriano popped out to first . Lopez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Graffanino grounded out to third . Fielder grounded out to pitcher . Hall popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Bush pitching for Brewers . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Johnson fouled out to third . Kearns flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Jenkins grounded out to second . Hart grounded out to third . Bell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Bush pitching for Brewers . Schneider singled to left . Castro tripled to deep right center , Schneider scored . Logan walked . Astacio hit by pitch , Logan to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castro out at home , Logan to third , Astacio to second . Zimmerman lined out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Anderson hit for Bush . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Rivera fouled out to first . Anderson grounded out to pitcher . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Gwynn Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Johnson struck out swinging . Kearns grounded out to second . Schneider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Astacio pitching for Nationals . Graffanino singled to center . Fielder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Graffanino out at second . Hall popped out to second . Jenkins singled to right center , Fielder to second . Wagner pitching for Nationals . Hart singled to right center , Fielder scored , Jenkins to third . Bell grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Spurling pitching for Brewers . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Lombard hit for Wagner . Logan lined out to left . Lombard walked . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Soriano popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Clark hit for Spurling . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Rivera walked . Clark sacrificed to first , Rivera to second . Gwynn Jr struck out swinging . Graffanino hit by pitch . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Fielder walked , Rivera to third , Graffanino to second . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Hall grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Fielder out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Capellan pitching for Brewers . Lopez flied out to center . Zimmerman tripled to deep left . Johnson intentionally walked . Shouse pitching for Brewers . Kearns doubled to left , Zimmerman scored , Johnson to third . Schneider hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored , Kearns to third . Castro tripled to deep center , Kearns scored . Logan grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Rauch pitching for Nationals . Jenkins lined out to shortstop . Hart struck out looking . Bell walked . Sarfate pitching for Brewers . Fick hit for Rauch . Rivera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Sarfate pitching for Brewers . Fick struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to second . Lopez singled to right . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Rottino hit for Sarfate . Zimmerman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Nationals . Rottino struck out swinging . Gwynn Jr singled to right . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gwynn Jr out at second . Graffanino to second on fielder 's indifference . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Fielder singled to right center , Graffanino scored . Hall singled to right , Fielder to third . Jenkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 5 - Nationals 8 .	40 - 40 club party : Soriano joins elite in Nationals ' win