Pirates - Top 1st . Brown pitching for Yankees . Lawton struck out looking . Sanchez singled to left . Bay flied out to right . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Brown . Mackowiak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Redman pitching for Pirates . Jeter singled to right . Williams grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jeter out at second . Sheffield singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sheffield out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Doumit struck out swinging . Ward grounded out to first . Castillo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Redman pitching for Pirates . Posada homered to right . Matsui struck out looking . Sierra struck out swinging . Giambi singled to center . Cano singled to shallow right , Giambi to third . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Wilson grounded out to third . Ross struck out swinging . Lawton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Redman pitching for Pirates . Williams popped out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to second . Rodriguez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Sanchez singled to left . Bay struck out swinging . Mackowiak singled to left center , Sanchez to second . Doumit singled to left , Sanchez scored , Mackowiak to second . Ward singled to center , Mackowiak scored , Doumit to second . Castillo flied out to right , Doumit to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Redman pitching for Pirates . Posada walked . Matsui grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . Sierra struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Ross walked . Lawton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ross out at second . Sanchez singled to center , Lawton to third . Bay singled to left , Lawton scored , Sanchez to second . Groom pitching for Yankees . Mackowiak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bay out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Redman pitching for Pirates . Giambi struck out swinging . Cano walked . Jeter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Doumit grounded out to third . Ward grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Redman pitching for Pirates . Williams flied out to right . Sheffield struck out swinging . Rodriguez doubled to deep center . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Posada fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Wilson homered to left . Ross flied out to center . Lawton grounded out to pitcher . Sanchez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Redman pitching for Pirates . Matsui doubled to deep right . Sierra grounded out to shortstop , Matsui to third . Giambi flied out to right . Cano reached on infield single to second , Matsui scored . Jeter reached on infield single to third , Cano to second , Cano to third , Jeter to second on throwing error by third baseman Sanchez . White pitching for Pirates . Williams walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 8th . Sturtze pitching for Yankees . Bay homered to center . Mackowiak grounded out to third . Doumit grounded out to second . Ward flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Pirates . Rodriguez singled to right center . Posada grounded out to catcher , Rodriguez to second . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Phillips ran for Matsui . Matsui singled to center , Rodriguez scored . Phillips to second on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Womack ran for Sierra . Sierra doubled to deep left , Phillips scored . Giambi struck out swinging . Womack in left field . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Cano grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Castillo struck out swinging . Wilson grounded out to second . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Ross struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Jeter grounded out to third . Williams walked . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Williams out at second . Rodriguez singled to center , Sheffield to third . Posada doubled to deep right , Sheffield scored , Rodriguez tagged out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Lawton grounded out to first . Sanchez walked . Bay flied out to center . Martinez hit for Phillips . Mackowiak struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 10th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Martinez walked . Johnson ran for Martinez . Womack sacrificed to third , Johnson to second . Giambi homered to right , Johnson scored . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 5 - Yankees 7 .	Giambi hits game - winning homer in bottom of 10th