Pirates - Top 1st . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Lawton singled to center . Duffy struck out looking . Bay struck out swinging . Lawton stole second . Ward lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Castillo sacrificed to pitcher , Pierre to third . Delgado singled to left , Pierre scored . Cabrera flied out to left . Lo Duca singled to right , Delgado to second . Encarnacion singled to left , Delgado to third , Lo Duca to second . Lowell grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lo Duca out at third . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Mackowiak safe at first on error by shortstop Easley . Mackowiak caught stealing second , catcher to second . Castillo singled to right . Cota grounded out to shortstop , Castillo to second . Wilson intentionally walked . Fogg singled to right center , Castillo scored , Wilson to second . Lawton singled to right , Wilson scored , Fogg to second . Duffy singled to left , Fogg to third , Lawton to second . Bay popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Easley grounded out to shortstop . Moehler popped out to shortstop . Pierre singled to left . Castillo flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Ward singled to left . Mackowiak grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ward out at second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Delgado singled to left . Cabrera singled to left , Delgado to second . Lo Duca sacrificed to pitcher , Delgado to third , Cabrera to second . Encarnacion intentionally walked . Lowell walked , Delgado scored , Cabrera to third , Encarnacion to second . Easley hit sacrifice fly to right , Cabrera scored . Moehler grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Cota struck out swinging . Wilson struck out swinging . Fogg grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Pierre singled to center . Castillo flied out to left . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Delgado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Moehler pitching for Marlins . Lawton singled to center . Lawton stole second . Duffy singled to left , Lawton to third . Bay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lawton out at home , Duffy to second . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Ward doubled to deep center , Duffy and Bay scored . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Castillo walked . Cota popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Cabrera flied out to right . Lo Duca reached on infield single to shortstop . Encarnacion grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lo Duca out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Wilson flied out to left . Fogg struck out swinging . Lawton doubled to left center . Duffy singled to center , Lawton scored . Riedling pitching for Marlins . Duffy stole second . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Conine in right field . Bay walked . Sanchez hit for Mackowiak . Ward reached on infield single to second , Duffy scored , Bay to second . Sanchez at third base . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ward out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Fogg pitching for Pirates . Lowell popped out to second . Easley walked . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Conine singled to left , Easley to second . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Conine out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Castillo grounded out to second . Cota flied out to center . Restovich hit for Meadows . Wilson singled to left . White pitching for Pirates . Restovich flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . White pitching for Pirates . Castillo struck out looking . Delgado lined out to center . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . De Los Santos pitching for Marlins . Lawton walked . Duffy reached on bunt single to first , Lawton to second . Lawton stole third , Duffy stole second . Bay intentionally walked . Ward grounded into double play , third to catcher to first , Lawton out at home . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Harris hit for Alfonseca . White pitching for Pirates . Lo Duca walked . Harris grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lo Duca out at second . Lowell singled to left , Harris to second . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Easley grounded into double play , third to second to first , Lowell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Mecir pitching for Marlins . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Cota grounded out to shortstop . Redman hit for White . Wilson singled to right . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Redman fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Mesa pitching for Pirates . Conine reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Conine out at second . Castillo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Marlins 3 .	Pirates reel in Marlins for fourth victory in five games