Padres - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Pirates . Roberts walked . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to second . Randa struck out swinging . Klesko popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Duffy flied out to right . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Bay lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Giles walked . Sweeney walked , Giles to second . Loretta struck out swinging . Fick walked , Giles to third , Sweeney to second . Greene singled to center , Giles and Sweeney scored , Fick to third . Fick caught stealing home , catcher to third , Greene to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Peavy popped out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Ward singled to right . Gerut popped out to second . Castillo grounded out to second , Ward to second . Cota struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Pirates . Roberts singled to right . Randa safe at first on error by third baseman Mackowiak , Roberts advanced to second on play , Roberts out at third in rundown . Klesko popped out to shortstop . Giles grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Randa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Wilson struck out swinging . Wells popped out to second . Duffy struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Pirates . Sweeney singled to right center . Sweeney stole second , Sweeney safe at third on throwing error by catcher Cota . Loretta walked . Fick hit sacrifice fly to center , Sweeney scored . Greene lined out to center . Snell pitching for Pirates . Peavy doubled to deep left center , Loretta scored . Roberts doubled to deep right , Peavy scored . Randa flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Mackowiak grounded out to first . Bay homered to left . Ward flied out to center . Gerut singled to center . Castillo flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Klesko singled to shallow left . Klesko to second on passed ball by Cota . Giles walked . Sweeney grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Giles out at second , Klesko to third . Loretta singled to left center , Klesko scored . Fick grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Cota struck out looking . Redman hit for Snell . Wilson doubled to deep left . Redman singled to left , Wilson to third . Duffy doubled to deep right , Wilson scored , Redman to third . Mackowiak grounded out to third , Redman scored . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Bay struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Greene flied out to left . Peavy reached on infield single to third . Roberts grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Peavy out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Ward struck out looking . Gerut doubled to deep right center . Castillo grounded out to second , Gerut to third . Torres pitching for Pirates . Cota lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Randa flied out to left . Jackson ran for Klesko . Klesko safe at first on error by second baseman Castillo . Giles flied out to center . Sweeney walked , Jackson to second . Jackson in left field . Loretta struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Restovich hit for Torres . Peavy pitching for Padres . Wilson struck out swinging . Restovich struck out swinging . White pitching for Pirates . Duffy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . White pitching for Pirates . Fick grounded out to second . Young hit for Peavy . Greene singled to center . Greene stole second . Young grounded out to second , Greene to third . Roberts intentionally walked . Randa singled to right , Greene scored , Roberts to second . Jackson singled to left , Roberts scored , Randa to second . Giles walked , Randa to third , Jackson to second . Sweeney singled to center , Randa and Jackson scored , Giles to third . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Loretta singled to right , Giles scored , Sweeney to second . Sweeney to third , Loretta to second on wild pitch by Vogelsong . Nady in right field . Olivo catching . Breslow pitching for Padres . Young at second base . Fick grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Padres . Mackowiak doubled to deep right . Bay singled to left . Ward grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bay out at second , Mackowiak to third . Gerut struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Greene grounded out to second . Young singled to center . Roberts flied out to center . Randa doubled to left , Young to third . Eaton pitching for Padres . Jackson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Eaton pitching for Padres . Castillo walked . Cota grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castillo out at second . Wilson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 11 - Pirates 3 .	Peavy helps struggling Padres sink Pirates