Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Counsell struck out looking. DaVanon struck out looking. Tracy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel reached on infield single to pitcher. Frandsen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Vizquel out at second. Winn grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Gonzalez singled to right. Jackson struck out swinging. Green singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Estrada singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Green to second. Hudson walked, Green to third, Estrada to second. Batista grounded out to third, Green scored, Estrada to third. Counsell struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Bonds grounded out to shortstop. Alou singled to left. Feliz flied out to center. Niekro popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Schmidt pitching for Giants. DaVanon struck out looking. Tracy grounded out to first. Gonzalez walked. Jackson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny grounded out to shortstop. Schmidt singled to shallow right. Vizquel walked, Schmidt to second. Frandsen hit by pitch, Schmidt to third, Vizquel to second. Winn flied out to left. Bonds doubled to deep right, Schmidt, Vizquel and Frandsen scored. Alou singled to right center, Bonds scored. Feliz walked, Alou to second. Niekro grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Green grounded out to second. Estrada struck out swinging. Hudson singled to right. Batista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny flied out to right. Schmidt struck out swinging. Vizquel singled to center. Vizquel caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop to first. Frandsen batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. DaVanon grounded out to shortstop. Tracy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Frandsen singled to center. Winn singled to right, Frandsen to third. Winn stole second. Bonds singled to center, Frandsen scored, Winn to third. Alou grounded out to pitcher, Bonds to second. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz singled to left, Winn scored, Bonds to third. Niekro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Feliz out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop. Green grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny grounded out to shortstop. Schmidt grounded out to shortstop. Vizquel singled to right. Frandsen singled to center, Vizquel to second. Winn singled to center, Vizquel scored, Frandsen to third. Bonds grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Schmidt pitching for Giants. Estrada struck out swinging. Green hit for Grimsley. Hudson grounded out to pitcher. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Alou walked. Feliz singled to center, Alou to second. Niekro flied out to right. Sweeney hit for Schmidt. Matheny popped out to shortstop. Sweeney singled to center, Alou to third, Feliz to second. Kline pitching for Giants. Vizquel grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Kline pitching for Giants. Counsell singled to center. DaVanon grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Frandsen singled to shallow right. Winn grounded out to second, Frandsen to second. Ellison ran for Bonds. Bonds intentionally walked. Alou homered to center, Frandsen and Ellison scored. Feliz singled to center. Niekro flied out to center. Ellison in left field. Accardo pitching for Giants. Matheny popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Accardo pitching for Giants. Gonzalez flied out to left. Jackson struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Giants 10.	Bonds ties Ruth with 1,356 extra-base hits; Giants win