Reds - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Freel grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to center. Dunn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes struck out swinging. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Hatteberg grounded out to third. Encarnacion hit by pitch. Valentin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Clark lined out to right. Green safe at second on error by shortstop Lopez, Gonzalez scored. Estrada doubled to deep right center, Green scored. Hudson grounded out to second, Estrada to third. Webb singled to center, Estrada scored. Counsell walked, Webb to second. Byrnes singled to center, Webb to third, Counsell to second, Webb scored, Counsell to third on throwing error by first baseman Hatteberg. Tracy walked, Byrnes to second. Counsell scored, Byrnes to third, Tracy to second on balk by Ramirez. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Byrnes scored, Tracy scored on throwing error by second baseman Freel. Clark flied out to center. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 3 Errors. Reds - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Kearns grounded out to third. McCracken singled to right. Ramirez struck out swinging, McCracken stole second. Freel grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Green flied out to right. Estrada flied out to center. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez reached on bunt single to pitcher. Dunn flied out to left. Lopez stole second. Hatteberg struck out swinging. Encarnacion flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Ramirez pitching for Reds. Webb struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Byrnes popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Valentin singled to right. Kearns doubled to deep right, Valentin to third. Olmedo hit for Ramirez. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to second, Valentin out at home, Kearns to third. Olmedo singled to center, Kearns scored, McCracken to second. Freel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olmedo out at second, McCracken to third. Hammond pitching for Reds. Lopez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hammond pitching for Reds. Tracy grounded out to second. Gonzalez popped out to second. Clark popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Dunn flied out to center. Hatteberg grounded out to second. Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hammond pitching for Reds. Green grounded out to shortstop. Estrada singled to center. Hudson walked, Estrada to second. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Estrada to third, Hudson to second. Counsell struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Valentin struck out swinging. Kearns reached on infield single to third. Denorfia hit for Hammond. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kearns to second. Denorfia popped out to third. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Freel popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Shackelford pitching for Reds. Byrnes walked. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Dunn struck out looking. Weathers pitching for Reds. Hatteberg grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Weathers pitching for Reds. Green walked. Estrada grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Green out at second. DaVanon hit for Webb. Hudson reached on infield single to second. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Grimsley pitching for Diamondbacks. Encarnacion fouled out to catcher. Valentin singled to right. Kearns grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Valentin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 1 - Diamondbacks 7.	D-backs ride Webb, seven-run second to sixth straight win