Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Counsell popped out to shortstop. Byrnes singled to deep right center. Tracy singled to right, Byrnes to second. Byrnes stole third, Tracy stole second. Gonzalez walked. Jackson singled to left, Byrnes scored, Tracy to third, Gonzalez to second. Green hit sacrifice fly to center, Tracy scored. Estrada flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista singled to right. McLouth singled to right, Bautista to third. McLouth stole second. Sanchez reached on infield single to shortstop, Bautista scored, McLouth to third. Bay grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, McLouth scored, Sanchez out at second. Burnitz grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Hudson walked. Webb struck out looking. Hudson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Counsell reached on bunt single to first. Byrnes singled to center, Counsell to third. Tracy singled to right, Counsell scored, Byrnes to third. Gonzalez walked, Tracy to second. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulino struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Green singled to center. Estrada grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Green out at second. Hudson grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Estrada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Maholm struck out swinging. Bautista singled to center. McLouth reached on bunt single to second, Bautista to second. Sanchez singled to left, Bautista to third, McLouth to second. Bay struck out swinging. Burnitz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Webb lined out to second. Counsell safe at first on error by first baseman Hernandez. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Counsell out at second. Tracy walked, Byrnes to second. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Paulino grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez grounded out to second. Castillo singled to center. Maholm struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Jackson struck out swinging. Green grounded out to third. Estrada reached on infield single to third. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Estrada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista struck out swinging. McLouth doubled to deep right. Sanchez lined out to center. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Webb grounded out to pitcher. Counsell struck out looking. Byrnes singled to center. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Tracy singled to center, Byrnes to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Burnitz grounded out to first. Paulino singled to center. Hernandez grounded out to second, Paulino to second. Wilson hit for Grabow. Castillo doubled to deep right center, Paulino scored. Marte pitching for Pirates. Wilson grounded out to catcher, Castillo to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Jackson flied out to right. Green doubled to deep left center. Estrada singled to center, Green scored. Easley hit for Webb. Capps pitching for Pirates. Hudson struck out swinging. Easley walked, Estrada to second. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista struck out swinging. McLouth struck out looking. Sanchez walked. Bay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Tracy doubled to deep right. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Jackson hit by pitch, Tracy to third, Gonzalez to second. Green singled to left center, Tracy and Gonzalez scored, Jackson to second. Estrada flied out to right. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Hudson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Burnitz grounded out to second. Paulino singled to left. Hernandez popped out to shortstop. Doumit hit for Capps. Castillo doubled to deep center, Paulino scored. Torres pitching for Pirates. Green hit for Lyon. Doumit struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Green struck out looking. Counsell doubled to right. Byrnes popped out to first. Tracy walked. Gonzalez singled to right, Counsell scored, Tracy to third. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark at first base. Jackson lined out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista fouled out to first. McLouth walked. Sanchez popped out to second. Bay singled to left, McLouth to second. Burnitz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Pirates 4.	Webb improves to 6-0 as Diamondbacks drop Pirates