Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Counsell batting. Gonzalez singled to right. Jackson singled to right, Gonzalez to second. DaVanon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Orr reached on infield single to first. Orr caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Betemit flied out to center. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Easley fouled out to third. Hudson tripled to deep right. Snyder singled to left, Hudson scored. Vargas sacrificed to first, Snyder to second. Counsell flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones flied out to right. Langerhans grounded out to second. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Byrnes flied out to center. Gonzalez reached on infield single to first. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Jordan grounded out to shortstop. Pena grounded out to second. Thomson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. DaVanon singled to right. DaVanon stole second. Easley singled to left, DaVanon to third. Hudson singled to center, DaVanon scored, Easley to second. Snyder singled to center, Easley to third, Hudson to second. Vargas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Easley out at home, Hudson to third, Snyder to second. Counsell grounded out to first, Hudson scored, Snyder to third, Vargas to second. Byrnes homered to center, Snyder and Vargas scored. Gonzalez batting. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Orr flied out to left. Betemit singled to left. Jones flied out to left. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betemit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Jackson walked. DaVanon fouled out to third. Paronto pitching for Braves. Easley homered to left, Jackson scored. Hudson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans struck out looking. Francoeur grounded out to shortstop. Jordan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Paronto pitching for Braves. Vargas flied out to left. Counsell struck out looking. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Renteria hit for Paronto. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena flied out to left. Renteria reached on infield single to shortstop. Renteria to second on wild pitch by Vargas. Orr grounded out to second, Renteria to third. Betemit homered to right, Renteria scored. Jones reached on infield single to third. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones singled to center, Jones to second. Langerhans reached on infield single to second, Jones to third, Jones to second. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Langerhans in center field. Diaz in left field. Francoeur lined out to center. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Gonzalez flied out to left. Jackson grounded out to third. DaVanon singled to left. Easley homered to left, DaVanon scored. Hudson singled to right. Snyder popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Jordan singled to center. Pena singled to left, Jordan to second. Diaz flied out to right, Jordan to third. Orr grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jordan scored, Pena safe at second on error by second baseman Hudson. Betemit singled to right, Pena to third, Orr to second. LaRoche hit for Villarreal. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pena scored, Orr to third, Betemit safe at second on error by shortstop Counsell. Mulholland pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles hit for Langerhans. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Orr, Betemit and Jones scored. Easley at second base. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy at third base. Giles homered to center, LaRoche scored. Francoeur flied out to right. LaRoche at first base. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Jordan in center field. Jordan fouled out to first. 7 Runs, 5 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Remlinger pitching for Braves. Tracy flied out to left. Counsell popped out to shortstop. Byrnes singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Pena singled to right. Orr struck out swinging. Betemit walked, Pena to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ray pitching for Braves. Jackson singled to center. DaVanon singled to left, Jackson to second. Green hit for Valverde. Easley homered to left center, Jackson and DaVanon scored. Green fouled out to right. Snyder batting. Clark at first base. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Pratt hit for Yates. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche flied out to left. Pratt walked. Francoeur popped out to second. Jordan walked, Pratt to second. Pena grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 13 - Braves 9.	Three Easley HRs power D-Backs to sweep