Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Counsell grounded out to first. Estrada grounded out to second. Tracy grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews Jr reached on infield single to shortstop. Young singled to left, Matthews Jr to second. Teixeira flied out to left. Blalock reached on infield single to shortstop, Matthews Jr to third, Young to second. DeRosa reached on infield single to third, Matthews Jr scored, Young to third, Blalock to second. Wilkerson doubled to deep left, Young and Blalock scored, DeRosa to third. Kinsler struck out swinging. Botts struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. Green flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas grounded out to second. Matthews Jr grounded out to first. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Clark grounded out to second. Byrnes grounded out to second. Hudson singled to left. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Teixeira flied out to right. Blalock grounded out to second. DeRosa grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Estrada flied out to left. Tracy flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to left center. Jackson walked, Gonzalez to second. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson singled to right. Kinsler struck out swinging. Botts struck out looking. Wilkerson stole second. Barajas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Clark struck out swinging. Byrnes singled to center. Hudson lined out to left. Counsell walked, Byrnes to second. Estrada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matthews Jr singled to left center. Young lined out to left. Teixeira grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matthews Jr out at second. Blalock grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Teixeira out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Tracy flied out to center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Jackson popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. DeRosa struck out swinging. Wilkerson homered to center. Kinsler singled to left. Kinsler stole second. Botts popped out to third. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas doubled to deep left, Kinsler scored. Matthews Jr struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Green grounded out to pitcher. Clark struck out swinging. Byrnes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Young reached on infield single to second. Teixeira flied out to left. Young to second on wild pitch by Medders. Blalock grounded out to third, Young to third. DeRosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Millwood pitching for Rangers. Hudson doubled to deep right. Counsell singled to center, Hudson scored. Estrada singled to right, Counsell to second. Tracy grounded out to first, Counsell to third, Estrada to second. Cordero pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez singled to right, Counsell scored, Estrada to third. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to center, Estrada scored. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Kinsler struck out swinging. Botts singled to right. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas singled to right, Botts to second. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Matthews Jr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Otsuka pitching for Rangers. Clark grounded out to second. Byrnes flied out to left. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Rangers 5.	Rangers chase Webb as Millwood stymies Diamondbacks