Mariners - Top 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Suzuki singled to center. Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez. Beltre struck out swinging. Lopez flied out to left. Suzuki to third on wild pitch by Ed Gonzalez. Ibanez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Counsell grounded out to first. DaVanon struck out swinging. Tracy singled to center. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima popped out to shortstop. Reed fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez flied out to center. Green grounded out to first. Estrada singled to right. Hudson singled to right, Estrada to third. Ed Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Betancourt singled to left center. Hernandez sacrificed to first, Betancourt to second. Suzuki flied out to center. Beltre doubled to right, Betancourt scored. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Counsell singled to center. DaVanon grounded out to first, Counsell to second. Tracy struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ibanez walked. Sexson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ibanez out at second. Johjima grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Green doubled to deep right, Gonzalez scored. Estrada flied out to center, Green to third. Hudson grounded out to third, Green scored. Ed Gonzalez singled to right center. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ed Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Reed homered to right center. Betancourt fouled out to second. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki singled to center. Beltre flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. DaVanon grounded out to first. Tracy walked. Jackson grounded out to second, Tracy to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez doubled to deep center. Ibanez grounded out to first, Lopez to third. Sexson struck out swinging. Johjima singled to left, Lopez scored. Reed flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Green grounded out to shortstop. Estrada singled to left. Hudson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Estrada out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez struck out swinging. Green hit for Ed Gonzalez. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Green grounded out to second. Counsell flied out to center. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Beltre tripled to deep right. Lopez tripled to deep right center, Beltre scored. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez scored. Sexson popped out to first. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Johjima walked, Ibanez to second. Reed singled to center, Ibanez scored, Johjima to third. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Betancourt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reed out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Tracy singled to center. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Jackson walked, Tracy to second. Gonzalez flied out to right, Tracy to third. Green hit sacrifice fly to center, Tracy scored. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett hit for Soriano. Estrada flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. Beltre hit by pitch. Lopez singled to right, Beltre to third. Ibanez walked, Lopez to second. Sexson doubled to deep center, Beltre, Lopez and Ibanez scored. Johjima singled to deep left, Sexson scored. Green pitching for Mariners. Reed flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Clark hit for Valverde. Green pitching for Mariners. Hudson walked. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 10 - Diamondbacks 3.	M's dump slumping D-Backs for fourth straight win