Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Byrnes flied out to left. Tracy hit ground rule double to deep center. Jackson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll struck out looking. Sullivan lined out to center. Helton walked. Holliday singled to right, Helton to third. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez homered to right. Green flied out to left. Hudson grounded out to second. Snyder lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. Torrealba flied out to center. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Cruz grounded out to first. Counsell singled to center. Byrnes grounded out to third, Counsell to second. Tracy singled to center, Counsell scored. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Tracy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Cook flied out to right. Carroll struck out looking. Sullivan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez flied out to center. Green lined out to second. Hudson singled to center. Snyder singled to right, Hudson to third. Cruz grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to second. Holliday flied out to center. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Counsell singled to right. Byrnes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Counsell out at second. Tracy grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Cruz pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to center. Torrealba walked. Barmes homered to left, Torrealba scored. Cook struck out swinging. Carroll struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Jackson grounded out to pitcher. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Sullivan tripled to deep right. Ed Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon in right field. Helton doubled to left, Sullivan scored. Holliday doubled to deep right center, Helton scored. Atkins doubled to deep right, Holliday scored. Hawpe struck out swinging. Torrealba struck out looking. Barmes grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Hudson flied out to center. Snyder singled to deep right center. DaVanon singled to left, Snyder to second. Martin pitching for Rockies. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Counsell singled to center, Snyder to third, DaVanon to second. Byrnes walked, Snyder scored, DaVanon to third, Counsell to second. King pitching for Rockies. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Quintanilla at shortstop. Tracy singled to right, DaVanon scored, Counsell to third, Byrnes to second. Jackson hit sacrifice fly to deep left, Counsell scored, Byrnes scored, Tracy to second, Jackson to first on error by left fielder Holliday. Clark hit for Ed Gonzalez. Gonzalez singled to right center, Tracy scored, Jackson to third. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintanilla flied out to left. Carroll grounded out to second. Sullivan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Hudson homered to right. Snyder grounded out to third. DaVanon flied out to center. Counsell hit by pitch. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to second, Counsell out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Atkins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Tracy struck out looking. Jackson popped out to catcher. Green hit for Lyon. Gonzalez walked. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe doubled to deep left. Piedra hit for Ramirez. Torrealba grounded out to catcher. Piedra struck out swinging. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 5.	Five-run seventh gives D-backs Rocky Mountain sweep