Brewers - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Weeks grounded out to shortstop. Cirillo lined out to right. Jenkins grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Brewers. Counsell walked. Byrnes singled to left center, Counsell to second. Tracy flied out to center. Jackson walked, Counsell to third, Byrnes to second. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher, Counsell scored, Byrnes to third, Jackson to second. Estrada grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee flied out to right. Fielder grounded out to first. Hall singled to center. Miller popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Green flied out to left. Hudson grounded out to third. Batista walked. Counsell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark singled to center. Davis bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Clark out at second. Weeks doubled to right, Davis to third. Cirillo singled to center, Davis and Weeks scored. Cirillo to second on wild pitch by Batista. Jenkins grounded out to shortstop, Cirillo to third. Lee grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Brewers. Byrnes flied out to right. Tracy singled to right. Jackson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder doubled to left. Hall grounded out to shortstop, Fielder to third. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fielder out at home. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Miller out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez flied out to center. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Davis grounded out to third. Weeks struck out swinging, Weeks safe at first on wild pitch by Batista. Cirillo singled to left, Weeks to second. Jenkins singled to right center, Weeks scored, Cirillo to third. Lee grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jenkins out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Hudson safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Weeks. Batista sacrificed to first, Hudson to second. Counsell singled to right, Hudson scored. Byrnes grounded into double play, third to second to first, Counsell out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Fielder flied out to center. Hall flied out to center. Miller fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Davis pitching for Brewers. Tracy grounded out to first. Jackson struck out looking. Gonzalez singled to center. Estrada reached on infield single to shortstop, Gonzalez to second. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Gross hit for Davis. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Gross popped out to shortstop. Weeks singled to center. Wise pitching for Brewers. Cirillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. DaVanon hit for Batista. Wise pitching for Brewers. Hudson popped out to shortstop. DaVanon grounded out to second. Easley hit for Counsell. Easley at shortstop. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Easley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Jenkins doubled to left. Lee popped out to shortstop. Fielder popped out to first. Hall struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Byrnes fouled out to left. Tracy grounded out to first. Jackson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Miller struck out swinging. Hart hit for Shouse. Clark flied out to right. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Turnbow pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez doubled to deep right. Estrada homered to right, Gonzalez scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 3 - Diamondbacks 4.	Estrada's two-run blast in ninth lifts D-Backs over Brewers