Astros - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras grounded out to pitcher. Biggio homered to left. Berkman struck out swinging. Huff lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Byrnes struck out swinging. Tracy doubled to deep center. Gonzalez singled to left center, Tracy to third. Jackson struck out looking. Estrada singled to left center, Tracy scored, Gonzalez to second. Green singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Estrada to third. Hudson singled to left, Estrada scored, Green to second. Drew flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ensberg singled to center. Scott flied out to right. Everett flied out to right. Ausmus walked, Ensberg to second. Ensberg to third, Ausmus to second on wild pitch by Batista. Oswalt singled to right center, Ensberg and Ausmus scored. Taveras grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Oswalt out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Batista struck out looking. Byrnes grounded out to third. Tracy doubled to right. Gonzalez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Biggio struck out swinging. Berkman walked. Huff flied out to right. Ensberg walked, Berkman to second. Scott walked, Berkman to third, Ensberg to second. Everett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Jackson doubled to deep left. Estrada flied out to left. Green grounded out to first, Jackson to third. Hudson singled to right center, Jackson scored. Drew hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hudson to third. Batista struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus walked. Oswalt sacrificed to first, Ausmus to second. Taveras singled to center, Ausmus scored. Taveras caught stealing second, catcher to second. Biggio popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Byrnes grounded out to third. Tracy singled to left center. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tracy out at second. Jackson walked, Gonzalez to second. Estrada flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman singled to center. Huff singled to right, Berkman to second. Ensberg struck out swinging. Scott walked, Berkman to third, Huff to second. Everett hit sacrifice fly to center, Berkman scored. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus walked, Huff to third, Scott to second. Oswalt grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Green grounded out to shortstop. Hudson grounded out to first. Drew singled to center. Koplove grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Taveras singled to center. Biggio fouled out to first. Taveras stole second, Taveras safe at third on error by shortstop Drew. Berkman walked. Huff walked, Berkman to second. Ensberg popped out to shortstop. Scott struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Byrnes popped out to second. Tracy flied out to left. Gonzalez singled to center, Gonzalez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Everett singled to center. Palmeiro hit for Oswalt. Ausmus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Palmeiro doubled to deep center, Ausmus thrown out at home. Qualls pitching for Astros. Taveras struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Qualls pitching for Astros. Jackson singled to center. Estrada homered to right center, Jackson scored. Green flied out to left. Hudson flied out to center. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Biggio flied out to center. Berkman homered to right center. Huff singled to left. Ensberg grounded out to third, Huff to second. Scott intentionally walked. DaVanon hit for Lyon. Everett grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Qualls pitching for Astros. DaVanon walked. Miller pitching for Astros. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, DaVanon out at second. Tracy singled to left, Byrnes to second. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. DaVanon in center field. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Lamb hit for Miller. Pena pitching for Diamondbacks. Ausmus struck out swinging. Lamb homered to right. Taveras homered to left. Biggio struck out swinging. Berkman walked. Huff singled to right, Berkman to third. Lane in right field. Lidge pitching for Astros. Burke at second base. Ensberg flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Jackson singled to left. Estrada flied out to center. Green struck out swinging. Hudson walked, Jackson to second. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Drew walked, Jackson to third, Hudson to second. Quentin hit for Pena. DaVanon walked, Jackson scored, Hudson to third, Drew to second. Quentin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 8 - Diamondbacks 7.	Back-to-back HRs by Lamb, Taveras in 9th fuel Astros