Marlins - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez singled to center. Ramirez stole second. Ramirez to third on passed ball by Estrada. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Jacobs hit sacrifice fly to left, Ramirez scored. Willingham safe at first on error by third baseman Easley, Cabrera to second. Hermida struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Byrnes safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Byrnes out at second. Gonzalez flied out to center. Jackson singled to right center, Hudson to third. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Amezaga reached on bunt single to pitcher, Amezaga to second on throwing error by pitcher Webb. Amezaga stole third. Olivo struck out swinging. Olsen grounded out to second, Amezaga scored. Ramirez singled to left. Ramirez stole second. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Estrada flied out to center. Easley struck out swinging. Callaspo singled to left. Webb walked, Callaspo to second. Byrnes grounded into fielder's choice to third, Callaspo out at third, Webb to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera struck out swinging. Jacobs doubled to deep right. Willingham grounded out to third. Hermida walked, Jacobs to third on passed ball. Hermida batting. Amezaga flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Hudson grounded out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Jackson singled to right. Quentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Olivo grounded out to second. Olsen flied out to right. Ramirez bunt grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Estrada lined out to left. Easley reached on infield single to shortstop. Callaspo singled to center, Easley to second. Webb sacrificed to pitcher, Easley to third, Callaspo to second. Byrnes walked. Hudson singled to center, Easley and Callaspo scored, Byrnes to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Byrnes scored, Hudson to second. Jackson walked, Hudson to third, Gonzalez to second. Quentin tripled to deep right center, Hudson, Gonzalez and Jackson scored. Estrada struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Uggla homered to right. Cabrera singled to center. Jacobs grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Willingham reached on infield single to third. Hermida grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Easley grounded out to pitcher. Callaspo singled to left. Callaspo caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Webb grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Amezaga flied out to center. Ross hit for Olsen. Olivo lined out to second. Herges pitching for Marlins. Ross struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Herges pitching for Marlins. Byrnes lined out to third. Hudson struck out looking. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez grounded out to third. Uggla grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera doubled to deep right. Jacobs fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Herges pitching for Marlins. Jackson reached on infield single to second. Quentin flied out to left. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Estrada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop. Hermida doubled to deep right center, Willingham to third. Amezaga grounded out to first. Borchard hit for Herges. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Willingham out at home. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Borchard grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Messenger pitching for Marlins. Easley singled to left. Green hit for Lyon. Callaspo flied out to center. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Easley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez singled to left. Uggla lined out to right. Ramirez to second on wild pitch by Julio. Cabrera struck out swinging. Jacobs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Diamondbacks 6.	Webb matches Penny at 13 wins as D-backs down Marlins