Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Byrnes struck out swinging. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan walked. Helton walked, Sullivan to second. Atkins struck out swinging, Sullivan stole third, Helton stole second. Hawpe safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Tracy, Sullivan and Helton scored. Torrealba grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Jackson flied out to left. Estrada popped out to third. Green reached on infield single to second. Hudson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Spilborghs homered to left. Barmes singled to center. Fogg sacrificed to first, Barmes to second. Carroll doubled to deep right center, Barmes scored. Sullivan doubled to deep right center, Carroll scored. Helton grounded out to second, Sullivan to third. Atkins doubled to deep left, Sullivan scored. Hawpe grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Drew grounded out to second. Webb struck out swinging. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba grounded out to third. Spilborghs struck out looking. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Tracy singled to right center. Gonzalez struck out looking. Jackson flied out to right. Estrada walked, Tracy to second. Green doubled to deep right, Tracy scored, Estrada to third. Hudson tripled to center, Estrada and Green scored. Drew intentionally walked. Webb grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Fogg grounded out to second. Carroll singled to right. Sullivan grounded out to pitcher, Carroll to second. Helton tripled to deep center, Carroll scored. Atkins grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Byrnes singled to left. Tracy struck out swinging, Tracy second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe struck out swinging. Torrealba doubled to deep right center. Spilborghs grounded out to pitcher. Barmes intentionally walked. Fogg grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Jackson singled to left. Estrada singled to right, Jackson to third. Green walked, Estrada to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hudson flied out to left, Jackson thrown out at home. Drew grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Carroll walked. Sullivan sacrificed to first, Carroll to second. Helton intentionally walked. Callaspo hit for Webb. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Callaspo grounded out to first. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to left. Torrealba grounded out to second. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Jackson singled to right center, Gonzalez to third. Estrada singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Jackson to second. Green popped out to shortstop. Hudson flied out to right. Drew grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Gonzalez hit for Affeldt. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes grounded out to second. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Carroll struck out swinging. Sullivan doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored. Helton intentionally walked. Atkins walked, Sullivan to third, Helton to second. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez at third base. Easley hit for Valverde. Hawpe grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Easley grounded out to second. Byrnes walked. Tracy flied out to center. Byrnes to second on fielder's indifference. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Rockies 8.	Rockies spoil Webb's bid to become NL's first to 14 wins