Dodgers - Top 1st. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to pitcher. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Garciaparra flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Byrnes popped out to pitcher. Hudson singled to left. Gonzalez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew singled to right center. Kent flied out to center. Ethier grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Drew out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Tracy reached on infield single to second. Estrada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tracy out at second. Clark grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Betemit doubled to deep center. Martin walked. Lowe bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Betemit out at third, Martin to second. Furcal grounded out to third, Martin to third, Lowe to second. Lofton walked. Garciaparra singled to right, Martin and Lowe scored, Lofton to third. Drew grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Counsell grounded out to pitcher. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Batista sacrificed to pitcher, Young to second. Byrnes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent grounded out to first. Ethier doubled to deep left. Betemit grounded out to second, Ethier to third. Martin intentionally walked. Lowe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ethier scored, Martin to second. Furcal grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Hudson doubled to deep left center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Hudson caught stealing third, catcher to third. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Tracy reached on infield single to third. Estrada singled to right, Tracy to second. Clark singled to center, Tracy scored, Estrada to third. Counsell struck out looking. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton flied out to center. Garciaparra popped out to shortstop. Drew flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded out to shortstop. Batista struck out swinging. Byrnes grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent grounded out to shortstop. Ethier struck out swinging. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Betemit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hamulack pitching for Dodgers. Hudson struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Tracy struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Lugo hit for Hamulack. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Lugo grounded out to second. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Estrada doubled to right. Clark flied out to right, Estrada to third. Counsell hit sacrifice fly to center, Estrada scored. Young fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Batista pitching for Diamondbacks. Lofton walked. Lofton caught stealing second, catcher to second. Garciaparra grounded out to third. Drew hit for Batista. Drew flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Tomko pitching for Dodgers. Drew singled to center. Byrnes sacrificed to first, Drew to second. Hudson singled to center, Drew scored. Gonzalez walked, Hudson to second. Tracy struck out swinging. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Estrada lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Vizcaino pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent homered to left. Ethier grounded out to second. Betemit grounded out to shortstop. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Saito pitching for Dodgers. Clark fouled out to third. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 3.	Kent saves day: Home run in ninth ends Dodgers' skid