Astros - Top 1st. Ray pitching for Tigers. Altuve doubled to right. Fowler reached on infield single to first, Altuve to third. Castro struck out swinging. Carter struck out swinging. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Kinsler grounded out to catcher. Hunter doubled to left. Hunter caught stealing third, catcher to third. Cabrera homered to left center (419 feet). Martinez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Ray pitching for Tigers. Springer reached on infield single to third. Dominguez flied out to center. Hoes lined out to left. Villar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Martinez struck out looking. Jackson struck out looking. Castellanos flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Ray pitching for Tigers. Altuve grounded out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Avila singled to deep right. Worth singled to center, Avila to second. Kinsler singled to left, Avila to third, Worth to second. Hunter hit sacrifice fly to center, Avila scored. Cabrera lined out to second. Martinez singled to left, Worth scored, Kinsler to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Ray pitching for Tigers. Carter struck out swinging. Guzman struck out looking. Springer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Jackson singled to center. Castellanos singled to right, Jackson to second. Avila struck out looking. Jackson stole third. Worth hit sacrifice fly to right, Jackson scored. Kinsler flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Ray pitching for Tigers. Dominguez flied out to center. Hoes walked. Villar flied out to right. Altuve popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Hunter popped out to second. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez walked, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to left. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Ray pitching for Tigers. Fowler singled to right. Castro singled to left center, Fowler to third. Carter grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fowler scored, Castro out at second. Reed pitching for Tigers. Guzman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Carter out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Oberholtzer pitching for Astros. Castellanos struck out swinging. Avila lined out to first. Worth popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Springer singled to center. Dominguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Springer out at second. Hoes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Cisnero pitching for Astros. Kinsler singled to center. Hunter singled to right, Kinsler to third. Cabrera singled to right, Kinsler scored, Hunter to second. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second, Hunter to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Hunter scored. Jackson lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Villar struck out swinging. Altuve popped out to second. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Fields pitching for Astros. Castellanos singled to center. Avila doubled to deep right, Castellanos to third. Worth singled to left, Castellanos and Avila scored. Kinsler singled to right, Worth to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Cabrera doubled to deep left center, Worth and Kinsler scored. Martinez struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera scored. Downs pitching for Astros. Jackson grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Kelly in right field. Romine at shortstop. Worth at first base. Miller pitching for Tigers. Castro safe at first on error by first baseman Worth. Carter singled to center, Castro to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at third, Carter to second. Springer doubled to left, Carter scored, Guzman to third. Dominguez singled to left, Guzman scored, Springer to third. Hoes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Springer scored, Dominguez out at second. Gonzalez hit for Villar. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Tigers 11.	Cabrera fuels rout as Tigers win 7th straight