Rangers - Top 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Choo singled to right. Andrus bunt popped out to catcher. Moreland walked, Choo to second. Beltre flied out to center, Choo to third. Rios reached on infield single to third, Choo scored, Moreland to second. Martin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Davis singled to right. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Davis stole second. Davis to third on balk by Lewis. Cabrera walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Davis scored, Cabrera out at second. Hunter flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Choice homered to left. Chirinos doubled to left. Odor sacrificed to third, Chirinos to third, Odor safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Verlander. Chirinos scored on throwing error by pitcher Verlander. Odor caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Choo grounded out to first. Andrus flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jackson reached on infield single to second. Avila walked, Jackson to second. Castellanos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Avila out at second, Jackson to third. Romine singled to center, Jackson scored, Castellanos to second, Castellanos to third, Romine to second on error by center fielder Martin. Davis lined out to shortstop. Kinsler flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Moreland flied out to center. Beltre singled to left. Rios flied out to right. Martin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cabrera flied out to center. Martinez hit ground rule double to deep left. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Choice flied out to left. Chirinos struck out swinging. Odor fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Avila walked. Avila caught stealing second, catcher to second. Castellanos walked. Romine struck out swinging. Davis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Choo walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo safe at third on error by shortstop Romine. Moreland singled to center, Choo scored, Andrus to third. Beltre reached on infield single to third, Andrus scored, Moreland to second. Rios tripled to deep left center, Moreland and Beltre scored. Martin flied out to left. Choice grounded out to third. Chirinos reached on infield single to second, Rios scored. Odor flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Kinsler flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to left. Martinez singled to right. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Choo flied out to left. Andrus doubled to left. Moreland doubled to left, Andrus scored. Beltre walked. Reed pitching for Tigers. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second, Moreland to third. Martin grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jackson flied out to center. Avila flied out to center. Castellanos walked. Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Romine singled to right, Castellanos to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Reed pitching for Tigers. Choice fouled out to first. Chirinos struck out swinging. Odor singled to left. Krol pitching for Tigers. Choo walked, Odor to second. Andrus singled to left, Odor scored, Choo to second. Moreland singled to left, Choo scored, Andrus to second. Beltre singled to right, Andrus scored, Moreland to second. Rios grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left, Kinsler to second. Kelly hit for Martinez. Holaday ran for Cabrera. Kelly flied out to left. Hunter singled to right, Kinsler scored, Holaday to third. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holaday scored, Hunter out at second. Avila struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Kelly at first base. Martinez in right field. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to first. Choice flied out to center. Chirinos doubled to left. Odor reached on infield single to first, Chirinos to third. Choo walked, Odor to second. Sardinas hit for Andrus. Alburquerque pitching for Tigers. Sardinas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Sardinas at shortstop. Murphy at third base. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Castellanos singled to left center. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Castellanos out at second. Davis singled to left, Romine to second. Kinsler grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Worth at second base. Nathan pitching for Tigers. Moreland flied out to center. Murphy struck out looking. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Charles Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Holaday grounded out to shortstop. Kelly walked. Soria pitching for Rangers. Martinez flied out to center. Jackson lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 12 - Tigers 4.	Another Rangers romp: Texas beats Detroit 12-4