Tigers - Top 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Davis reached on infield single to first. Kinsler sacrificed to third, Davis to second. Davis stole third. Cabrera singled to right, Davis scored. Martinez struck out swinging, Cabrera to second on passed ball. Hunter walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hunter out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Harrison singled to center, Harrison to second on error by center fielder Davis. Polanco walked. Martin struck out swinging. Davis walked, Harrison to third, Polanco to second. Marte tripled to deep left, Harrison, Polanco and Davis scored. Snider safe at first on error by first baseman Martinez, Marte scored. Mercer singled to left, Snider to second. Nix singled to right center, Snider scored, Mercer to second. Locke struck out bunting foul. Harrison struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Avila walked. Suarez walked, Avila to second. Verlander sacrificed to pitcher, Avila to third, Suarez to second. Davis lined out to left, Avila out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Polanco walked. Polanco stole second, Polanco safe at third on throwing error by catcher Avila. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Polanco scored. Davis flied out to right. Marte singled to left. Marte stole second. Snider homered to left (356 feet), Marte scored. Mercer doubled to deep center. Nix grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Kinsler grounded out to third. Cabrera flied out to right. Martinez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Miller pitching for Tigers. Locke grounded out to shortstop. Harrison doubled to left. Polanco singled to left, Harrison thrown out at home, Polanco to second advancing on throw. Martin grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Hunter flied out to center. Martinez singled to right. Avila grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Marte struck out swinging. Snider doubled to deep right. Mercer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Suarez grounded out to third. Krol grounded out to shortstop. Davis reached on infield single to second. Kinsler lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Krol pitching for Tigers. Nix flied out to right. Locke struck out swinging. Harrison grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Cabrera reached on infield single to third. Martinez singled to center, Cabrera to second. Hunter doubled to deep center, Cabrera scored, Martinez to third. Martinez walked. Avila singled to left, Martinez scored, Hunter to third, Martinez to second. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Suarez struck out swinging. Kelly hit for Krol. Kelly grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hunter scored, Avila out at second, Martinez to third. Davis struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Whelan pitching for Tigers. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Martin homered to left (417 feet). Davis homered to right (361 feet). Marte walked. Marte to second on wild pitch by Whelan. Snider grounded out to second, Marte to third. Mercer walked. Nix lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Cabrera flied out to center. Martinez singled to left. Hunter doubled to left, Martinez to third. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Alvarez hit for Hughes. Whelan pitching for Tigers. Alvarez struck out swinging. Harrison singled to center. Davis in left field. Coke pitching for Tigers. Carrera in center field. Polanco flied out to right. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Harrison out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Sadler pitching for Pirates. Avila singled to right. Suarez doubled to left, Avila to third. Carrera grounded out to first. Davis doubled to deep center, Avila and Suarez scored. Kinsler struck out swinging. Watson pitching for Pirates. Cabrera singled to right, Davis thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Sanchez hit for Davis. Coke pitching for Tigers. Sanchez grounded out to third. Marte struck out swinging. Snider homered to center (433 feet). Mercer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Sanchez at first base. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Martinez grounded out to third. Hunter grounded out to pitcher. Castellanos hit for Coke. Castellanos grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Pirates 11.	Snider hits 2 homers, Pirates top Tigers 11-6