Tigers - Top 1st. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Kinsler struck out swinging. Hunter struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Markakis singled to center. De Aza hit by pitch, Markakis to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, De Aza out at second, Markakis to third. Cruz homered to right center (389 feet), Markakis scored. Pearce flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Martinez homered to right (359 feet). Martinez homered to right (353 feet). Avila struck out swinging. Castellanos flied out to right. Romine struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Hardy lined out to center. Flaherty walked. Hundley flied out to center. Schoop singled to center, Flaherty to third. Markakis singled to right center, Flaherty scored, Schoop to third. De Aza grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Davis flied out to center. Kinsler lined out to third. Hunter bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Jones struck out swinging. Cruz struck out swinging. Pearce popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Cabrera flied out to right. Martinez struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Flaherty grounded out to catcher. Hundley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Tillman pitching for Orioles. Avila grounded out to first. Castellanos grounded out to pitcher. Romine singled to center. Davis singled to left, Romine to second. Kinsler walked, Romine to third, Davis to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Schoop flied out to right. Markakis popped out to third. De Aza bunt grounded out to third. Martinez struck out swinging. Martinez struck out swinging. Avila flied out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Jones flied out to center. Cruz struck out looking. Pearce singled to deep left, Pearce out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Miller pitching for Orioles. Castellanos grounded out to pitcher. Romine struck out swinging. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Hardy homered to left center (403 feet). Flaherty struck out swinging. Hundley struck out swinging. Schoop struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Kinsler reached on infield single to first. Hunter lined into double play, shortstop to first, Kinsler doubled off first. Cabrera homered to right center (390 feet). Britton pitching for Orioles. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Scherzer pitching for Tigers. Markakis lined out to third. De Aza doubled to right. Chamberlain pitching for Tigers. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Romine, De Aza scored. Jones stole second. Cruz singled to shallow center, Jones scored. Soria pitching for Tigers. Pearce singled to center, Cruz to third, Pearce to second on throwing error by center fielder Davis. Hardy intentionally walked. Flaherty singled to left, Cruz scored, Pearce to third, Hardy to second. Hundley grounded out to shortstop, Pearce scored, Hardy to third, Flaherty to second. Schoop doubled to right, Hardy and Flaherty scored. Coke pitching for Tigers. Schoop to third on wild pitch by Coke. Markakis walked. De Aza doubled to center, Schoop and Markakis scored. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Hunter pitching for Orioles. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Avila singled to shallow right. Castellanos flied out to right. Romine singled to shallow left center, Avila to second. Carrera hit for Davis. Carrera walked, Avila to third, Romine to second. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Orioles 12.	O's score 8 in 8th, rough up Tigers