Cardinals - Top 1st . Stroman pitching for Mets . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . O'Neill struck out swinging . Arenado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Villar reached on infield single to first . Lindor singled to center , Villar to third . Conforto singled to shallow left , Villar scored , Lindor to second . Alonso grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conforto out at second , Lindor to third . Báez reached on infield single to third , Lindor scored . McNeil grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Báez out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Stroman pitching for Mets . Molina flied out to center . Carlson grounded out to second . Sosa struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Pillar grounded out to third . Nido flied out to center . Stroman safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Woodford . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stroman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Stroman pitching for Mets . Bader struck out swinging . Woodford struck out looking . Edman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Lindor flied out to left . Conforto walked . Alonso grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Conforto out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Stroman pitching for Mets . Goldschmidt doubled to right . O'Neill reached on infield single to shortstop , Goldschmidt scored . Arenado lined out to third . Molina singled to center , O'Neill to third . Carlson hit sacrifice fly to right , O'Neill scored . Sosa safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Stroman , Sosa safe at second on error , Molina safe at third on error . Bader grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 4th . Woodford pitching for Cardinals . Báez walked . McNeil popped out to shortstop . Pillar flied out to right . Báez caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Jake Woodford pitches to Tomas Nido . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Carpenter hit for Woodford . Stroman pitching for Mets . Carpenter lined out to third . Edman singled to shallow left . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Edman to second . O'Neill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Nido grounded out to second . Stroman walked . Villar walked , Stroman to second . Villar to second on wild pitch by Ponce de Leon , Stroman to third on wild pitch by Ponce de Leon . Lindor walked . Whitley pitching for Cardinals . Conforto hit sacrifice fly to left , Stroman scored . Alonso struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Stroman pitching for Mets . Arenado flied out to center . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Carlson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Whitley pitching for Cardinals . Báez walked . McNeil grounded into double play , to first , Báez out at second . Pillar fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Loup pitching for Mets . Sosa flied out to left . Bader lined out to left . DeJong hit for Whitley . DeJong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Nido grounded out to shortstop . Davis hit for Loup . Davis flied out to center . Villar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Familia pitching for Mets . Edman struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked . O'Neill homered to center ( 439 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Arenado singled to right center . Molina reached first base on catcher 's interference , Molina to first on error by catcher Nido , Arenado to second on error . May pitching for Mets . Carlson struck out looking . Sosa grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 8th . Cabrera pitching for Cardinals . Lindor struck out swinging . Conforto grounded out to shortstop . García pitching for Cardinals . Alonso grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Díaz pitching for Mets . Bader safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Lindor . Nootbaar hit for García . Nootbaar sacrificed to pitcher , Bader to second . Edman grounded out to second , Bader to third . Goldschmidt fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 9th . Gallegos pitching for Cardinals . Báez homered to left ( 358 feet ) . McNeil fouled out to third . Pillar flied out to right . Do . Smith hit for Nido . Do . Smith struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 10th . Hembree pitching for Mets . McCann catching . O'Neill struck out swinging . Arenado intentionally walked . Molina grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Arenado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 10th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . McCann grounded out to catcher , Pillar to third . Rondón in right field . Villar walked . Lindor grounded into double play , first to catcher to third to first , Villar to second , Pillar out at home in rundown . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 11th . Reed pitching for Mets . Rondón singled to right , Molina to third . Sosa singled to left , Molina scored , Rondón to second . Bader grounded out to shortstop , Sosa to second , Rondón to third . Knizner hit for Reyes . Knizner singled to center , Rondón scored and Sosa scored . Williams pitching for Mets . Edman singled to center , Knizner to second . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Edman out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 11th . Kim pitching for Cardinals . Conforto flied out to left , Lindor to third . Alonso doubled to deep right , Lindor scored . Báez intentionally walked . McNeil grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Báez out at second , Alonso to third . Alonso scored on error , Pillar safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kim , McNeil to second . Almora Jr. hit for Williams . Almora Jr. grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Mets 6 .	Cards hold off Mets 7 - 6 in 11 to move into playoff position