Mets - Top 1st . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Alomar safe at first on error by third baseman Helms . Gonzalez singled to right , Alomar to third . Piazza doubled to center , Alomar scored , Gonzalez to third . Floyd popped out to first . Wigginton struck out looking . Vaughn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Glavine pitching for Mets . Sanchez grounded out to second . Young grounded out to second . Sexson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Shinjo singled to center . Sanchez safe at first on error by second baseman Young , Shinjo to second . Glavine bunt popped out foul to third . Alomar singled to center , Shinjo scored , Sanchez to third . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Alomar out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Jenkins flied out to left . Clark flied out to left . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Piazza walked . Floyd homered to left center , Piazza scored . Wigginton doubled to left . Vaughn grounded out to second , Wigginton to third . Shinjo popped out to first . Sanchez intentionally walked . Glavine grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sanchez to second , Wigginton scored on error by second baseman Young . Alomar struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Glavine pitching for Mets . Osik singled to center . Clayton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Osik out at second . Rusch singled to left . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Rusch pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Piazza grounded out to second . Floyd walked . Wigginton reached on infield single to third , Floyd to second . Vaughn walked , Floyd to third , Wigginton to second . Shinjo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Young fouled out to catcher . Sexson flied out to center . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Jenkins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Glavine grounded out to pitcher . Alomar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Clark grounded out to pitcher . Helms flied out to right center . Osik singled to center . Clayton lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Gonzalez singled to center . Piazza singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Floyd struck out swinging . Wigginton doubled to left center , Piazza and Gonzalez scored . Vaughn grounded out to second , Wigginton to third . Shinjo singled to center , Wigginton scored . Clark at first base . Sanchez lined out to center . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Kieschnick grounded out to second . Sanchez flied out to center . Young homered to right . Cruz at shortstop . Estrella pitching for Brewers . Ginter at second base . Sexson grounded out to second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Kieschnick pitching for Brewers . Glavine grounded out to shortstop . Alomar reached on infield single to shortstop . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alomar out at second . Piazza struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Jenkins singled to center . Clark doubled to deep left , Jenkins thrown out at home . Helms homered to left center , Clark scored . Osik singled to left center . Leskanic pitching for Brewers . Cruz lined into double play , pitcher to first , Osik doubled off first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Leskanic pitching for Brewers . Floyd doubled to right center . Perez ran for Floyd . Wigginton singled to center , Perez to third . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Perez scored , Wigginton out at second . Perez in left field . Stanton pitching for Mets . Shinjo grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Glavine pitching for Mets . Ginter grounded out to third . Sanchez fouled out to third . Podsednik hit for Leskanic . Dejean pitching for Brewers . Podsednik flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . DeJean pitching for Brewers . Sanchez singled to right . McEwing struck out swinging . Stanton grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 9th . Stanton pitching for Mets . Sexson flied out to right . Jenkins grounded out to third . Clark flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 9 - Brewers 3 .	Glavine shows he 's still got it in downing Brewers