Mets - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Cedeno flied out to left . Perez reached on bunt single to first . Alomar struck out swinging . Floyd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Leiter pitching for Mets . Glanville doubled to left . Blalock walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Palmeiro flied out to center . Glanville stole third . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Burnitz doubled to deep center . Wigginton doubled to right center , Burnitz scored . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Wilson homered to left center , Wigginton scored . Reyes grounded out to second . Cedeno walked . Perez lined out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Young grounded out to pitcher . Everett struck out swinging . Mench fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Alomar singled to right . Floyd singled to center , Alomar to second . Burnitz flied out to deep center , Alomar to third . Wigginton singled to center , Alomar scored , Floyd to second . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Phillips struck out looking . Wilson singled to center , Floyd and Wigginton scored , Phillips to second . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wilson out at second , Phillips to third . Cedeno singled to center , Phillips scored , Reyes to third . Perez singled to right , Reyes scored , Cedeno to third . Alomar flied out to center . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Leiter pitching for Mets . Diaz flied out to left . Glanville grounded out to third . Blalock singled to left center . Rodriguez walked , Blalock to second . Palmeiro reached on infield single to second , Blalock to third , Rodriguez to second . Teixeira lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Floyd doubled to deep left . Burnitz flied out to left . Wigginton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Floyd out at third . Phillips grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Young reached on infield single to third . Everett popped out to shallow left . Mench singled to left , Young to second . Diaz struck out swinging . Glanville flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Rangers . Wilson flied out to center . Reyes flied out to deep center . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Blalock safe at first on error by shortstop Reyes . Rodriguez fouled out to catcher . Palmeiro singled to right , Blalock to second . Teixeira popped out to shallow left . Young reached on infield single to second , Blalock to third , Palmeiro to second . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Everett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 6th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Perez grounded out to third . McEwing hit for Alomar . McEwing flied out to center . McEwing at second base . Floyd grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Leiter pitching for Mets . Mench flied out to deep right . Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop . Glanville flied out to deep left . Blalock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Burnitz struck out swinging . Wigginton singled to left . Lloyd pitching for Mets . Phillips grounded into double play , third to second to first , Wigginton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Lloyd pitching for Mets . Rodriguez popped out to shortstop . Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Reyes grounded out to second . Cedeno singled to center . Burnitz in right field . Shinjo in center field . Perez flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Lloyd pitching for Mets . Young grounded out to second . Everett popped out to shortstop . Mench doubled to left . Diaz reached on infield single to second , Mench to third . Powell pitching for Rangers . Glanville grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Powell pitching for Rangers . McEwing singled to center . Floyd walked , McEwing to second . Burnitz lined out to center . Wigginton doubled to left , McEwing scored , Floyd to third . Phillips reached on infield single to third . Wilson hit by pitch , Floyd scored , Wigginton to third , Phillips to second . Reyes grounded out to second , Wigginton scored , Phillips to third , Wilson to second . Franco pitching for Mets . Shinjo grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Franco pitching for Mets . Blalock singled to center . Rodriguez flied out to deep right . Palmeiro grounded out to second , Blalock to second . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 11 - Rangers 0 .	Mets find the offense Phillips was looking for