Mets - Top 1st . Wells pitching for Yankees . Cedeno singled to left . Alomar grounded out to shortstop , Cedeno to second . Wigginton singled to left , Cedeno scored . Floyd struck out looking , Wigginton stole second . Phillips singled to shallow left center , Wigginton scored . Burnitz grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Seo pitching for Mets . Soriano singled to right . Jeter hit by pitch , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi walked , Soriano to third , Jeter to second . Sierra hit sacrifice fly to deep center , Soriano scored , Jeter to third . Matsui doubled to right , Jeter and Ja Giambi scored . Posada struck out swinging . Ventura flied out to shallow left center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Clark grounded out to first . Reyes doubled to center . Shinjo flied out to left . Cedeno singled to center , Reyes scored . Alomar grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Seo pitching for Mets . Mondesi flied out to center . Rivera singled to center . Soriano singled to left , Rivera to second . Jeter grounded out to third , Rivera to third , Soriano to second . Ja Giambi doubled to deep center , Rivera and Soriano scored . Sierra lined out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Wells pitching for Yankees . Wigginton grounded out to first . Floyd reached on infield single to shortstop . Phillips singled to left , Floyd to second . Burnitz hit by pitch , Floyd to third , Phillips to second . Clark grounded into double play , third to second to first , Burnitz out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Seo pitching for Mets . Matsui struck out looking . Posada grounded out to first . Ventura fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Reyes bunt popped out to pitcher . Shinjo singled to left . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to second to first , Shinjo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Seo pitching for Mets . Mondesi popped out to first . Rivera flied out to center . Soriano popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Alomar singled to left . Wigginton lined out to center . Floyd struck out swinging . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Alomar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Seo pitching for Mets . Jeter flied out to deep left . Ja Giambi grounded out to first . Sierra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Wells pitching for Yankees . Burnitz struck out looking . Clark homered to left . Reyes reached on infield single to third . Reyes caught stealing second , catcher to second . Shinjo singled to left . Cedeno flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Seo pitching for Mets . Matsui singled to right . Posada singled to left center , Matsui to second . Ventura flied out to left . Mondesi singled to left , Matsui scored , Posada to second . Rivera singled to left center , Posada to third , Mondesi to second . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Soriano flied out to right . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Alomar grounded out to shortstop . Wigginton lined out to left . Franco pitching for Mets . Floyd flied out to shallow center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Franco pitching for Mets . Ja Giambi struck out looking . Sierra reached on infield single to third . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Sierra safe at second on error by shortstop Reyes . Posada reached on infield single to third , Sierra to third , Matsui to second . Ventura struck out looking . Weathers pitching for Mets . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Posada out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 8th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Phillips struck out swinging . Burnitz grounded out to second . Clark walked . Reyes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Soriano grounded out to third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Miceli pitching for Yankees . Perez hit for Shinjo . Perez walked . Cedeno bunt grounded out to catcher , Perez to second . Alomar fouled out to third . Wigginton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 4 - Yankees 6 .	Wells battles on tough night to drop Mets