Mets - Bottom 1st . Rollins singled to center . Thome struck out swinging . Abreu doubled to left , Rollins scored . Lieberthal singled to shallow center , Abreu scored . Burrell homered to left , Lieberthal scored . Perez singled to center . Punto grounded out to second . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Cedeno flied out to right . Bell lined out to shortstop . Burnitz flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Heilman pitching for Mets . Wolf struck out swinging . Byrd reached on infield single to first . Rollins flied out to right . Thome lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Wigginton doubled to right . Phillips grounded out to shortstop , Wigginton to third . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Wilson singled to center , Wigginton scored . Reyes fouled out to right . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Heilman pitching for Mets . Abreu grounded out to second . Lieberthal grounded out to shortstop . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Heilman struck out swinging . Cedeno flied out to right . Bell safe at second on throwing error by catcher Lieberthal . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Perez struck out swinging . Punto grounded out to pitcher . Wolf grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Wigginton struck out swinging . Phillips singled to right . Gonzalez safe at first on error by third baseman Perez , Phillips to second . Wilson flied out to left . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Byrd singled to right center . Rollins walked , Byrd to second . Thome walked , Byrd to third , Rollins to second . Abreu hit sacrifice fly to left , Byrd scored , Rollins to third . Lieberthal doubled to left , Rollins and Thome scored . Wheeler pitching for Mets . McEwing at shortstop . Burrell fouled out to first . Perez doubled to right , Lieberthal scored . Punto intentionally walked . Wolf singled to center , Perez scored , Punto to second , Punto to third , Wolf to second on error by catcher Wilson . Byrd reached on infield single to second , Punto scored , Wolf to third . Rollins flied out to center . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . McEwing struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to first . Bell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Thome struck out swinging . Abreu singled to center . Lieberthal fouled out to catcher . Burrell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Wolf pitching for Phillies . Burnitz grounded out to first . Wigginton grounded out to third . Phillips singled to center . Duncan in center field . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Perez struck out swinging . Punto flied out to left . Michaels in right field . Mercado pitching for Phillies . Wolf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Clark hit for Wheeler . Mercado pitching for Phillies . Wilson hit ground rule double to left center . Clark grounded out to shortstop , Wilson to third . McEwing hit sacrifice fly to deep right center , Wilson scored . Cedeno batting . Silva grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Punto out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Silva pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Wheeler pitching for Mets . McEwing at shortstop . Duncan in center field . Michaels in right field . Mercado pitching for Phillies . Clark hit for Wheeler . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Perez flied out to left . McEwing grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wilson out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Mets 3 .	Wolf scatters four hits as Phillies keep winning