Mets - Top 1st . Duckworth pitching for Phillies . Duncan walked . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Duncan out at second . Phillips singled to center , Reyes to second . Floyd homered to right , Reyes and Phillips scored . Wigginton flied out to center . Perez singled to left . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Heilman pitching for Mets . Byrd reached on infield single to third . Polanco walked , Byrd to second . Thome grounded out to first , Byrd to third , Polanco to second . Abreu singled to center , Byrd and Polanco scored . Lieberthal hit by pitch , Abreu to second . Burrell popped out to shallow right . Houston walked , Abreu to third , Lieberthal to second . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Houston out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Duckworth pitching for Phillies . McEwing homered to left . Heilman struck out looking . Duncan grounded out to second . Reyes flied out to left center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Heilman pitching for Mets . Duckworth struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Duckworth pitching for Phillies . Phillips singled to center . Floyd flied out to right . Wigginton hit by pitch , Phillips to second . Perez singled to right , Phillips to third , Wigginton to second . Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Phillips scored , Perez out at second , Wigginton to third . McEwing walked , Wilson to second . Adams pitching for Phillies . Heilman grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Heilman pitching for Mets . Thome struck out swinging . Abreu flied out to right center . Lieberthal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Adams pitching for Phillies . Duncan struck out swinging . Reyes singled to center . Phillips grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez in right field . Heilman pitching for Mets . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . Houston singled to center . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Houston out at second . Ledee hit for Adams . Ledee singled to right center , Punto to second . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Byrd lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Floyd singled to right . Wigginton grounded out to third , Floyd to second . Gonzalez singled to left center , Floyd scored . Wilson flied out to shallow right . Gonzalez stole second . McEwing intentionally walked . Heilman struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Heilman pitching for Mets . Polanco doubled to left . Thome homered to left , Polanco scored . Abreu struck out swinging . Lieberthal walked . Burrell singled to right , Lieberthal to third . Houston grounded into double play , first to catcher to third , Lieberthal out at home . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Wendell pitching for Phillies . Duncan reached on infield single to third . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Duncan out at second . Phillips homered to left , Reyes scored . Floyd flied out to center . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Wigginton struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Rollins hit for Wendell . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Punto grounded out to second . Rollins struck out swinging . Williams pitching for Phillies . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to right . McEwing grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Mets . Polanco grounded out to second . Thome doubled to deep center . Abreu singled to right center , Thome scored . Lieberthal fouled out to first . Cedeno hit for Wheeler . Burrell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Williams pitching for Phillies . Cedeno grounded out to second . Duncan reached on bunt single to third . Duncan stole second . Reyes struck out swinging . Weathers pitching for Mets . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Houston singled to right . Perez hit for Williams . Punto grounded out to second , Houston to second . Perez grounded out to second , Houston to third . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Byrd flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Plesac pitching for Phillies . Floyd struck out swinging . Wigginton doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez grounded out to third . Sanchez at second base . McEwing in left field . Wilson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Weathers pitching for Mets . Polanco doubled to deep right center . Franco pitching for Mets . Thome grounded out to shortstop , Polanco to third . Abreu doubled to left , Polanco scored . Lieberthal flied out to deep right , Abreu to third . Michaels hit for Houston . Burrell walked . Michaels grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Burrell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 8 - Phillies 6 .	Franco gets rare save as Mets edge Phillies