Yankees - Top 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . LeMahieu grounded out to third . Judge fouled out to first . Torres flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Taillon pitching for Yankees . Herrera singled to shallow center . Segura singled to right , Herrera to second . Realmuto singled to left , Segura to second , Herrera to third . Harper singled to center , Herrera scored and Segura scored , Realmuto to third . Hoskins walked , Harper to second . McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to right , Realmuto scored , Harper to third . Bohm singled to right , Harper scored , Hoskins to second . Cortes pitching for Yankees . Torreyes singled to right , Bohm to second , Hoskins to third . Velasquez struck out swinging . Herrera struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Urshela struck out swinging . Sánchez homered to left center ( 407 feet ) . Odor fouled out to first . Andújar singled to center . Gardner tripled to right , Andújar scored . Cortes grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Cortes pitching for Yankees . Segura struck out swinging . Realmuto walked . Harper singled to deep right , Realmuto to third . Hoskins popped out to shortstop . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . LeMahieu doubled to left . Judge struck out swinging . Torres grounded out to third . Urshela struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Cortes pitching for Yankees . Bohm popped out to second . Torreyes struck out swinging . Velasquez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Sánchez flied out to left . Odor singled to deep right . Andújar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Odor out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Cortes pitching for Yankees . Herrera doubled to left . Herrera to third on wild pitch by Cortes . Segura singled to shallow left , Herrera scored . Segura out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Realmuto grounded out to shortstop . Harper struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Gardner reached on bunt single to third . Gittens hit for Cortes . Gittens walked , Gardner to second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gittens out at second , Gardner to third . Judge struck out swinging . Torres struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Cessa pitching for Yankees . Hoskins walked . McCutchen reached on infield single to third , Hoskins to second . Bohm singled to shallow center , Hoskins scored , McCutchen to second . Torreyes doubled to third , McCutchen scored , Bohm to third . Miller hit for Velasquez . Miller lined out to first . Herrera grounded out to second . Segura grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Urshela flied out to right . Sánchez struck out swinging . Odor homered to right ( 428 feet ) . Andújar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Peralta pitching for Yankees . Realmuto grounded out to first . Harper bunt grounded out to pitcher . Hoskins walked . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Gardner walked . Frazier hit for Peralta . Frazier grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gardner out at second . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Britton pitching for Yankees . Bohm grounded out to third . Torreyes popped out to second . Williams hit for Coonrod . Williams struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Suárez pitching for Phillies . Judge singled to left center . Torres lined out to center . Urshela grounded out to pitcher , Judge to second . Sánchez singled to right , Judge scored . Stanton hit for Odor . Stanton grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Yankees . Wade at second base . Herrera flied out to right . Segura grounded out to third . Realmuto flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Andújar grounded out to first . Gardner walked . Wade walked , Gardner to second . LeMahieu homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Gardner scored and Wade scored . Judge struck out swinging . Torres struck out looking . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Green pitching for Yankees . Harper doubled to deep center . Hoskins flied out to right . McCutchen intentionally walked . Bohm grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCutchen out at second , Harper to third . Torreyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 10th . Bradley pitching for Phillies . Urshela grounded out to catcher . Sánchez struck out swinging . Higashioka hit for Green . Higashioka struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 10th . Chapman pitching for Yankees . Jankowski hit for Bradley . Jankowski sacrificed , Jankowski to first on throwing error by pitcher Chapman , Torreyes to third . Herrera fouled out to third , Jankowski to second . Segura reached on infield single to third , Torreyes scored , Jankowski to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 7 - Phillies 8 .	Segura 's 2nd straight walkoff lifts Phils over Yankees 8 - 7