Phillies - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Segura doubled to deep left . Realmuto popped out to second . Harper struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Rojas struck out swinging . VanMeter grounded out to second . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Bohm struck out swinging . Gregorius popped out to third . Torreyes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Walker grounded out to third . Varsho fouled out to third . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Williams flied out to left . Wheeler grounded out to second . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Ahmed struck out swinging . Holaday struck out swinging . Bumgarner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto flied out to right . Harper grounded out to first . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Rojas grounded out to pitcher . VanMeter flied out to left . Peralta doubled to left . Walker singled to right , Peralta scored . Varsho fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Bohm grounded out to third . Gregorius hit by pitch . Torreyes struck out swinging . Williams walked , Gregorius to second . Wheeler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Ellis struck out swinging . Ahmed lined out to center . Holaday singled to right . Bumgarner struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Segura grounded out to third . Realmuto grounded out to pitcher . Harper grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Rojas singled to center . VanMeter flied out to left . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rojas out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . Bohm flied out to right . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Wheeler pitching for Phillies . Walker doubled to deep center . Varsho sacrificed to first , Walker to third . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third . Ahmed doubled to left , Ellis scored and Walker scored . Holaday struck out swinging . Bumgarner singled to left , Ahmed scored . Rojas walked , Bumgarner to second . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Williams at first base . Herrera in center field . VanMeter doubled to deep right , Rojas scored and Bumgarner scored . Peralta struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Bumgarner pitching for Diamondbacks . Torreyes doubled to deep left center . Williams reached on infield single to third , Torreyes to third . Herrera hit by pitch , Williams to second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torreyes scored , Herrera out at second , Williams to third . Realmuto struck out swinging . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Segura out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Jankowski in center field . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Walker flied out to center . Varsho struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out looking . Miller hit for De Los Santos . Miller doubled to left . Gregorius singled to center , Miller to third . Torreyes singled to left center , Miller scored , Gregorius to second . Williams singled to right center , Torreyes to second , Gregorius to third . Jankowski struck out looking . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 2 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Bumgarner , Diamondbacks beat Phillies 6 - 2 for series sweep