Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Moore pitching for Phillies . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Marte singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . Kelly fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera struck out swinging . Segura flied out to right . Harper walked . Realmuto walked , Harper to second . Gregorius grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Moore pitching for Phillies . Smith singled to shallow center . Walker singled to shallow center , Smith to second . Rojas singled to center , Smith scored , Walker to third . Ellis singled to center , Walker scored , Rojas to second . Gallen sacrificed to third , Ellis to second , Rojas to third . Ahmed struck out looking . Marte flied out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Miller struck out swinging . Torreyes flied out to right . Jankowski tripled to deep center . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Moore pitching for Phillies . Cabrera grounded out to third . Kelly struck out swinging . Smith walked . Smith to second on passed ball by Realmuto . Walker walked . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Herrera grounded out to first . Segura struck out swinging . Harper doubled to center . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Moore pitching for Phillies . Ellis doubled to deep left center . Gallen sacrificed to pitcher , Ellis to third . Ahmed homered to center ( 409 feet ) , Ellis scored . Marte popped out to first . Cabrera lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Gregorius grounded out to first . Miller flied out to shortstop . Torreyes lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hammer pitching for Phillies . Galvis at third base . Kelly popped out to shortstop . Smith flied out to center . Walker singled to left . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Gallen pitching for Diamondbacks . Jankowski struck out swinging . Galvis safe at first on fielding error by pitcher Gallen . Herrera flied out to right . Segura homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Galvis scored . Harper flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hammer pitching for Phillies . Ellis flied out to center . Varsho hit for Gallen . Varsho singled to center . Varsho to third on pickoff error by pitcher Hammer . Ahmed walked . Marte struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to left center , Varsho scored , Ahmed to third . Alvarado pitching for Phillies . Kelly singled to center , Ahmed scored , Cabrera to second . Smith grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks . Varsho in center field . Realmuto struck out looking . Gregorius reached on infield single to second . Miller struck out swinging , Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Mantiply . McCutchen hit for Alvarado . McCutchen lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Walker singled to shallow left . Rojas struck out looking . Ellis hit by pitch , Walker to second . Varsho grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Peralta in left field . Rojas at second base . Faria pitching for Diamondbacks . Jankowski walked . Galvis popped out to second . Herrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jankowski out at second . Segura singled to center , Herrera to second . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Coonrod pitching for Phillies . Ahmed grounded out to third . Peralta grounded out to third . Cabrera singled to center . Falter pitching for Phillies . Williams in left field . Kelly homered to left ( 389 feet ) , Cabrera scored . Smith flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Smith pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto grounded out to third . Gregorius popped out to second . Miller grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Falter pitching for Phillies . Walker singled to center . Rojas struck out swinging . Holaday hit for Smith . Holaday struck out swinging . Varsho flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . de Geus pitching for Diamondbacks . Williams walked . Jankowski safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Walker , Williams safe at third on error . Galvis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Williams scored , Jankowski out at second . Knapp hit for Falter . Knapp safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Varsho , Knapp safe at second on error , Galvis safe at third on error . Segura struck out swinging . Harper doubled to deep right center , Galvis scored and Knapp scored . Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks . Realmuto walked . Realmuto to second on passed ball by Kelly , Harper to third on passed ball by Kelly . Gregorius singled to right , Harper scored and Realmuto scored . Miller struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Phillies 7 .	Start of Dbacks - Phillies game delayed due to virus tracing