Phillies - Top 1st . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Realmuto struck out swinging . Segura fouled out to first . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Wong struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to left . Yelich lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Lauer pitching for Brewers . McCutchen flied out to right . Vierling grounded out to third . Galvis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . García flied out to center . Narváez struck out swinging . Urías singled to left . Tellez fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Torreyes singled to left . Marchan struck out looking . Nola sacrificed to pitcher , Torreyes to second . Realmuto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Cain singled to left . Cain picked off and caught stealing first . Lauer reached on infield single to shortstop . Wong doubled to right , Lauer to third . Escobar hit ground rule double to left , Lauer scored and Wong scored . Yelich singled to center , Escobar scored on error , Yelich safe at second on error by catcher Marchan . García grounded out to shortstop , Yelich to third . Narváez struck out looking . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Segura grounded out to second . Harper walked . McCutchen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Harper out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Urías hit by pitch . Tellez struck out looking . Cain grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Urías out at second . Lauer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Vierling struck out swinging . Galvis grounded out to shortstop . Torreyes lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Wong flied out to right . Escobar struck out swinging . Yelich struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Marchan flied out to second . Jankowski hit for Nola . Jankowski singled to right . Realmuto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jankowski out at second . Segura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Realmuto out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Rosso pitching for Phillies . García struck out swinging . Narváez fouled out to third . Urías struck out , Urías to first on wild pitch by Rosso . Tellez singled to right , Urías to third . Cain walked , Tellez to second . Lauer walked , Urías scored , Cain to second , Tellez to third . Wong singled to right center , Cain scored and Tellez scored , Lauer to second . Bedrosian pitching for Phillies . Escobar flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Lauer pitching for Brewers . Harper singled to right . McCutchen flied out to left . Vierling singled to center , Harper to second . Galvis flied out to right . Torreyes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vierling out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Bedrosian pitching for Phillies . Yelich singled to center . García homered to left ( 423 feet ) , Yelich scored . Narváez grounded out to first . Urías grounded out to third . Tellez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Strickland pitching for Brewers . Marchan lined out to center . Miller hit for Bedrosian . Miller flied out to left . Realmuto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . De Los Santos pitching for Phillies . Cain doubled to deep left . Vogelbach hit for Strickland . Cain to third on wild pitch by De Los Santos . Vogelbach walked . Wong struck out swinging . Escobar grounded into fielder 's choice to right , Cain scored , Vogelbach out at second . Yelich doubled to left , Escobar scored . García struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Sánchez pitching for Brewers . Maile catching . Segura reached on infield single to third . Harper grounded into double play , second to third to first , Segura out at second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 0 - Brewers 10 .	Lauer shines as Brewers roll to 10 - 0 blowout of Phillies