Reds - Top 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Jimenez reached on infield single to shortstop . Griffey Jr flied out to center . Jimenez to second on wild pitch by Zambrano . Casey grounded out to third . Randa reached on infield single to shortstop , Jimenez scored . Dunn walked , Randa to second . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Dunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Milton pitching for Reds . Hairston Jr flied out to right . Patterson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Lee homered to left center . Ramirez singled to center . Barrett singled to right , Ramirez to second . Burnitz flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Aurilia singled to left . Valentin singled to center , Aurilia to second . Milton bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Aurilia out at third , Valentin to second . Jimenez walked , Valentin to third , Milton to second . Griffey Jr doubled to deep right center , Valentin , Milton and Jimenez scored . Casey grounded out to first , Griffey Jr to third . Randa walked . Dunn singled to right , Griffey Jr scored , Randa to third . Kearns batting . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Milton pitching for Reds . Dubois grounded out to shortstop . Perez hit by pitch . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Kearns flied out to right . Aurilia struck out swinging . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Milton pitching for Reds . Hairston Jr singled to center . Patterson popped out to shortstop . Lee flied out to center . Ramirez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Milton struck out swinging . Jimenez struck out looking . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Milton pitching for Reds . Barrett tripled to left center . Burnitz homered to right , Barrett scored . Dubois struck out swinging . Perez fouled out to first . Zambrano lined out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Casey grounded out to second . Randa struck out looking . Dunn homered to right . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Chicago Cubs 's Zambrano ejected by Welke in the 5th . Aurilia popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Milton pitching for Reds . Hairston Jr singled to left . Patterson singled to right , Hairston Jr to third , Patterson to second advancing on throw . Lee hit sacrifice fly to center , Hairston Jr scored . Ramirez homered to left center , Patterson scored . Barrett flied out to center . Burnitz reached on infield single to third . Dubois homered to left , Burnitz scored . Perez struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Freel hit for Milton . Rusch pitching for Cubs . Valentin grounded out to shortstop . Freel doubled to left . Jimenez singled to right , Freel to third . Griffey Jr hit sacrifice fly to left , Freel scored , Griffey Jr safe at first on error by left fielder Dubois . Jimenez to second , Griffey Jr to first on error by left fielder Dubois . Weathers pitching for Reds . Macias hit for Rusch . Casey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Griffey Jr out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Weathers pitching for Reds . Macias grounded out to second . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Patterson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Randa singled to right . Dunn walked , Randa to second . Kearns struck out swinging . Aurilia grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Dunn out at second , Randa to third . Aurilia to second on passed ball by Barrett . Cruz hit for Weathers . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Valentin singled to center , Randa and Aurilia scored , Valentin to second on error by center fielder Patterson . Cruz singled to right , Valentin scored . Wagner pitching for Reds . Jimenez lined out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Wagner pitching for Reds . Lee struck out swinging . Ramirez lined out to shortstop . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Barrett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Griffey Jr struck out looking . Casey singled to left . Randa singled to left center , Casey to second . Dunn grounded out to first , Casey to third , Randa to second . Leicester pitching for Cubs . Blanco catching . Kearns intentionally walked . Aurilia grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Hollandsworth hit for Dubois . Wagner pitching for Reds . Burnitz grounded out to second . Hollandsworth struck out swinging . Perez singled to right center . Blanco safe at first on error by third baseman Randa , Perez to second . Hollandsworth in left field . Hairston Jr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Pena hit for Wagner . Leicester pitching for Cubs . Valentin singled to left . Pena struck out looking . Bartosh pitching for Cubs . Cedeno at shortstop . Perez at second base . Jimenez walked , Valentin to second . Griffey Jr walked , Valentin to third , Jimenez to second . Casey hit sacrifice fly to left , Valentin scored . Randa walked , Jimenez to third , Griffey Jr to second . Graves pitching for Reds . Dunn struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Graves pitching for Reds . Patterson grounded out to shortstop . Lee safe at first on error by shortstop Aurilia . Ramirez walked , Lee to second . Cedeno singled to left center , Lee scored , Ramirez to second . Burnitz grounded out to first , Ramirez to third , Cedeno to second . Hollandsworth grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Reds 11 - Cubs 9 .	Junior drives in four as Reds rally past Cubs