Cubs - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Perez popped out to shortstop . Patterson tripled to deep center . Lee struck out swinging . Burnitz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Jeter struck out looking . Cano flied out to left . Sheffield walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Ramirez popped out to first . Walker walked . Hollandsworth grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Walker out at second . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Matsui walked . Posada singled to center , Matsui to second . Giambi grounded into double play , third to first , Matsui out at third , Posada to second . Williams singled to right center , Posada scored . Womack flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Wilson grounded out to pitcher . Perez grounded out to pitcher . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Jeter singled to center . Cano flied out to left . Sheffield walked , Jeter to second . Rodriguez hit ground rule double to right , Jeter scored , Sheffield to third . Matsui singled to left , Sheffield scored , Rodriguez to third . Posada safe at first on error by second baseman Wilson , Rodriguez scored , Matsui to second . Giambi grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Lee flied out to right . Burnitz singled to left . Ramirez singled to left , Burnitz to second . Walker singled to right , Burnitz scored , Ramirez to third . Hollandsworth grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ramirez scored , Walker out at second . Hollandsworth stole second . Blanco flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Williams singled to center . Womack grounded out to pitcher , Williams to second . Jeter walked . Cano flied out to left . Sheffield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Wilson lined out to third . Perez grounded out to third . Patterson doubled to left . Lee singled to center , Patterson scored . Lee caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Burnitz batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez singled to left . Matsui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . Posada walked . Martinez at first base . Giambi grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Pavano pitching for Yankees . Burnitz reached on infield single to catcher . Ramirez singled to right , Burnitz to second . Walker lined out to left . Hollandsworth singled to left , Burnitz scored , Ramirez to second . Ramirez to third , Hollandsworth to second on wild pitch by Pavano . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Blanco singled to left , Ramirez and Hollandsworth scored . Wilson flied out to center . Perez lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Williams walked . Womack lined out to right . Jeter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Patterson grounded out to second . Lee grounded out to third . Burnitz doubled to deep left . Stanton pitching for Yankees . Ramirez walked . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Cano flied out to left . Sheffield doubled to deep left . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez singled to center , Sheffield scored . Matsui homered to right , Rodriguez scored . Posada singled to center . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Martinez walked , Posada to second . Williams struck out swinging . Womack reached on infield single to second , Posada to third , Martinez to second . Jeter lined out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Barrett hit for Blanco . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Hollandsworth popped out to shortstop . Barrett flied out to center . Hairston Jr ran for Wilson . Wilson walked . Barrett catching . Hairston Jr at second base . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Cano singled to right . Sheffield singled to center , Cano to second . Remlinger pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez walked , Cano to third , Sheffield to second . Johnson ran for Matsui . Matsui doubled to right , Cano and Sheffield scored , Rodriguez to third . Posada lined out to left . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at home , Johnson to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Williams flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Patterson grounded out to third . Lee singled to center . Burnitz grounded out to pitcher , Lee to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 6 - Yankees 9 .	Cubs remain winless at Yankee Stadium