Cubs - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Hairston Jr walked . Cedeno reached on bunt single to pitcher , Hairston Jr to second . Lee walked , Hairston Jr to third , Cedeno to second . Garciaparra grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hairston Jr scored , Lee out at second , Cedeno to third . Burnitz doubled to deep right , Cedeno scored . Murton grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . McLouth walked . Sanchez grounded out to third , McLouth to second . Bay struck out looking . Mackowiak walked . Wilson singled to center , McLouth scored , Mackowiak to second . Doumit grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Walker grounded out to second . Blanco doubled to deep right . Zambrano struck out swinging . Hairston Jr doubled to deep left , Blanco scored . Cedeno hit ground rule double to deep center , Hairston Jr scored . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Eldred struck out swinging . Restovich hit for Williams . Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Garciaparra . Restovich grounded out to pitcher , Wilson to second . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . McLouth struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Garciaparra walked . Burnitz flied out to left . Murton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Garciaparra out at second . Walker singled to left , Murton to third . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Sanchez flied out to right . Bay walked . Mackowiak flied into double play , left to shortstop to second to first , Bay doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Pirates . Zambrano singled to center . Hairston Jr hit by pitch , Zambrano to second . Cedeno hit by pitch , Zambrano to third , Hairston Jr to second . Lee hit sacrifice fly to right , Zambrano scored , Hairston Jr to third . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hairston Jr scored , Cedeno out at second . Burnitz grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Wilson struck out looking . Doumit struck out swinging . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Eldred popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Meadows pitching for Pirates . Murton struck out swinging . Walker lined out to shortstop . Blanco singled to center . Zambrano doubled to deep left , Blanco scored . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Ward hit for Meadows . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Wilson doubled to right . Ward grounded out to second , Wilson to third . McLouth hit sacrifice fly to left , Wilson scored . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Sanchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Cedeno struck out swinging . Lee singled to center . Garciaparra flied out to right . Burnitz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Bay grounded out to third . Mackowiak grounded out to second . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Gonzalez pitching for Pirates . Murton homered to center . Walker struck out swinging . Blanco homered to left . Zambrano grounded out to third . Macias at third base . Perez at second base . Hairston Jr lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Doumit struck out swinging . Eldred flied out to left . White pitching for Pirates . Wilson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . White pitching for Pirates . Cedeno grounded out to pitcher . Lee grounded out to shortstop . Mcclain at first base . Redman hit for White . Macias grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Zambrano pitching for Cubs . Redman lined out to shortstop . McLouth doubled to deep right . McLouth to third on passed ball by Blanco . Sanchez walked . Bay singled to left , McLouth scored , Sanchez to second . Mackowiak struck out swinging . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Wilson doubled to left , Sanchez and Bay scored . Torres pitching for Pirates . Doumit struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Pirates . Burnitz grounded out to second . Murton singled to center . Perez grounded out to second , Murton to second . Patterson hit for Ohman . Blanco safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mackowiak , Murton to third . Hairston Jr in left field . Van Buren pitching for Cubs . Patterson in center field . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Van Buren pitching for Cubs . Eldred flied out to center . Wigginton hit for Torres . Wilson singled to center . Wigginton flied out to left . McLouth flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 9 - Pirates 5 .	Cubs ' Zambrano does it on hill , at plate , beats Pirates