Cubs - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr fouled out to second . Cedeno grounded out to first . Lee struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Eckstein flied out to right . Nunez reached on infield single to second . Pujols struck out swinging . Edmonds grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Barrett singled to center . Burnitz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Barrett out at second . Perez doubled to deep center , Burnitz scored . Murton singled to right , Perez scored . Maddux struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Mabry struck out swinging . Taguchi reached on infield single to third . Taguchi stole second . Molina walked . Luna flied out to right . Mulder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Hairston Jr flied out to right . Cedeno grounded out to second . Lee singled to left center . Garciaparra grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Eckstein reached on infield single to shortstop . Nunez singled to left , Eckstein to second . Pujols singled to right , Eckstein to third , Nunez to second . Edmonds grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Eckstein out at home , Nunez to third , Pujols to second . Mabry struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Barrett fouled out to first . Burnitz struck out looking . Perez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Taguchi grounded out to pitcher . Molina walked . Luna struck out swinging . Mulder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Molina out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Murton grounded out to shortstop . Maddux flied out to center . Hairston Jr singled to right . Cedeno flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Eckstein grounded out to shortstop . Nunez flied out to center . Pujols singled to right . Edmonds flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to center . Garciaparra grounded out to pitcher . Barrett lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Mabry grounded out to first . Taguchi doubled to deep left . Molina grounded out to shortstop , Taguchi to third . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez hit for Luna . Rodriguez walked . Nunez at second base . Mabry at third base . Taguchi in right field . Rodriguez in left field . Mulder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Burnitz singled to right . Perez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Burnitz out at second . Murton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Eckstein popped out to second . Nunez grounded out to shortstop . Pujols homered to left center . Macias hit for Wuertz . Edmonds struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Macias flied out to center . Hairston Jr singled to left . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Cedeno grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Hairston Jr out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Novoa pitching for Cubs . Mabry struck out swinging . Taguchi flied out to right . Molina flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Mulder pitching for Cardinals . Lee singled to left . Garciaparra singled to left , Lee to second . Barrett grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lee out at third , Garciaparra to second . Burnitz reached on infield single to third , Garciaparra to third , Barrett to second . Hairston Jr in left field . Patterson in center field . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Perez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Burnitz out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Schumaker hit for Mulder . Dempster pitching for Cubs . Rodriguez reached on infield single to second . Schumaker bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Rodriguez out at second . Schumaker to second on wild pitch by Dempster . Eckstein grounded out to first , Schumaker to third . Nunez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 2 - Cardinals 1 .	Cubs clip Cardinals as Maddux triggers lucrative option