Cubs - Top 1st . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Patterson flied out to center . Macias grounded out to third . Lee struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Biggio doubled to left . Taveras sacrificed to pitcher , Biggio to third . Ensberg singled to left , Biggio scored . Berkman grounded out to first , Ensberg to second . Lamb singled to right , Ensberg scored . Lane grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lamb out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Garciaparra struck out swinging . Burnitz struck out looking . Barrett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Ausmus grounded out to third . Everett grounded out to third . Oswalt fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Murton grounded out to second . Perez doubled to left , Perez to third on throwing error by left fielder Berkman . Maddux grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Perez out at home . Maddux to second on wild pitch by Oswalt . Patterson hit by pitch . Macias grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Biggio reached on infield single to third . Taveras sacrificed to third , Biggio to second . Ensberg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Biggio out at third . Berkman flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Lee struck out swinging . Garciaparra grounded out to second . Burnitz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Lamb singled to center . Lane singled to center , Lamb to second . Ausmus grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lane out at second , Lamb to third . Everett intentionally walked . Everett stole second . Oswalt reached on infield single to shortstop , Lamb scored , Everett to third . Biggio lined out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Barrett homered to left . Murton reached on infield single to third . Perez singled to right , Murton to third . Maddux bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Perez out at second . Patterson doubled to left , Murton scored . Macias grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Taveras reached on infield single to first . Ensberg struck out swinging . Berkman struck out swinging . Lamb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Oswalt pitching for Astros . Lee grounded out to second . Garciaparra singled to right . Burnitz singled to left , Garciaparra to second . Barrett singled to right , Garciaparra scored , Burnitz to second . Murton flied out to center . Perez singled to right , Burnitz scored , Barrett to third . Maddux flied out to right . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Maddux pitching for Cubs . Lane homered to left . Ausmus grounded out to third . Bagwell hit for Oswalt . Everett singled to left . Wuertz pitching for Cubs . Bagwell grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Everett scored on throwing error by shortstop Perez . Bagwell scored on Wuertz ' wild pitch . Biggio grounded out to third . Qualls pitching for Astros . Taveras grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Top 7th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Patterson struck out swinging . Macias grounded out to first . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Lee flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Ohman pitching for Cubs . Ensberg singled to left center . Berkman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ensberg out at second . Berkman at first base . Bruntlett in left field . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Wheeler pitching for Astros . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . Burnitz fouled out to catcher . Van Buren pitching for Cubs . Barrett grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Van Buren pitching for Cubs . Lane walked . Ausmus bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Lane out at second . Palmeiro hit for Wheeler . Hill pitching for Cubs . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ausmus out at second . Burke in left field . Bruntlett at second base . Lidge pitching for Astros . Palmeiro popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Grieve hit for Perez . Lidge pitching for Astros . Murton singled to right . Walker hit for Hill . Grieve struck out swinging . Theriot ran for Walker . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Murton safe at second on error by second baseman Bruntlett . Patterson grounded out to shortstop , Murton to third , Theriot to second . Macias lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Astros 6 .	Oswalt wraps up 20 - win season as Astros clinch playoffs