Marlins - Top 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Reyes bunt grounded out to catcher. Bonifacio lined out to second. Ramirez singled to deep left, Ramirez out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Denorfia grounded out to second. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Headley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Infante grounded out to third. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Hundley grounded out to shortstop. Alonso grounded out to second. Hudson singled to left center. Maybin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Sanchez doubled to deep left. Buck struck out looking. Buehrle struck out swinging. Reyes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Bartlett grounded out to third. Richard grounded out to third. Denorfia flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Bonifacio struck out looking. Ramirez singled to center. Kearns singled to deep right, Ramirez thrown out at third, Kearns to second advancing on throw. Infante doubled to deep center, Kearns scored. Stanton flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Guzman walked. Headley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guzman out at second. Hundley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Sanchez singled to right. Buck doubled to deep right, Sanchez to third. Buehrle grounded out to pitcher. Reyes grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sanchez out at home, Buck to third. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reyes out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Alonso doubled to deep right. Hudson walked. Maybin grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hudson out at second, Alonso to third. Bartlett bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Alonso out at home, Maybin to second. Richard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bartlett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Ramirez doubled to deep right center. Kearns grounded out to pitcher. Infante grounded out to pitcher. Stanton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Denorfia struck out swinging. Guzman doubled to shallow left. Headley singled to center, Guzman scored, Headley to second advancing on throw. Hundley popped out to second. Alonso flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Richard pitching for Padres. Sanchez grounded out to first. Buck struck out looking. Buehrle struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Hudson flied out to right. Maybin flied out to right. Bartlett struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Richard pitching for Padres. Reyes walked. Bonifacio reached on bunt single to pitcher, Reyes to second. Thayer pitching for Padres. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bonifacio out at second, Reyes to third. Dobbs hit for Kearns. Dobbs singled to right center, Reyes scored, Ramirez to third. Infante hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramirez scored. Dobbs caught stealing second, catcher to second. Stanton batting. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Dobbs in left field. Venable hit for Thayer. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Venable struck out looking. Denorfia grounded out to pitcher. Guzman reached on infield single to pitcher. Headley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Denorfia in left field. Mikolas pitching for Padres. Venable in right field. Stanton homered to left (373 feet). Sanchez walked. Buck struck out looking. Buehrle sacrificed to catcher, Sanchez to second. Reyes struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Buehrle pitching for Marlins. Hundley grounded out to third. Alonso grounded out to second. Hudson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 4 - Padres 1.	Marlins' Buehrle delivers five-hit complete game