Padres - Top 1st. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Maybin grounded out to third. Denorfia grounded out to first. Guzman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Desmond safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Headley. Bernadina flied out to center, Desmond to third. Zimmerman walked. LaRoche grounded out to second, Desmond scored, Zimmerman to second. Harper grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 2nd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Alonso doubled to deep right. Headley grounded out to third. Hundley flied out to left. Hudson safe at second on error by right fielder Harper, Alonso scored. Bartlett struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Espinosa struck out swinging. Ankiel walked. Leon struck out looking. Detwiler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Stauffer grounded out to shortstop. Maybin flied out to left. Denorfia singled to center. Guzman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Desmond singled to center. Bernadina singled to center, Desmond to third. Zimmerman singled to left, Desmond scored, Bernadina to second. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Zimmerman out at second, Bernadina to third. Harper homered to center (429 feet). Espinosa singled to center. Ankiel struck out looking. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 4th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Alonso reached on infield single to second. Headley doubled to deep right center, Alonso to third. Hundley struck out swinging. Hudson singled to right center, Alonso and Headley scored, Hudson to second advancing on throw. Flores catching. Bartlett walked, Hudson stole third. Bartlett batting. Stauffer sacrificed to catcher, Hudson scored, Bartlett to second. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Flores popped out to second. Detwiler grounded out to pitcher. Desmond singled to center. Desmond caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Bernadina batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Detwiler pitching for Nationals. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Guzman doubled to deep right. Alonso grounded out to second, Guzman to third. Headley singled to center, Guzman scored. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to third, Headley out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Bernadina reached on bunt single to pitcher. Zimmerman walked, Bernadina to second. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zimmerman out at second, Bernadina to third. Harper popped out to first. LaRoche stole second. Espinosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Hudson flied out to right. Bartlett safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond. Suppan hit for Stauffer. Suppan sacrificed to first, Bartlett to second. Maybin struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Mikolas pitching for Padres. Ankiel walked. Flores singled to right, Ankiel to third. Stammen sacrificed to pitcher, Flores to second. Desmond doubled to deep right, Ankiel and Flores scored. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Nady hit for Bernadina. Nady flied out to center. Zimmerman intentionally walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Nady in left field. Stammen pitching for Nationals. Denorfia grounded out to first. Guzman struck out swinging. Alonso struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Harper struck out swinging. Espinosa flied out to left. Ankiel flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Clippard pitching for Nationals. Headley grounded out to pitcher. Hundley bunt grounded out to third. Hudson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Flores grounded out to pitcher. Tracy hit for Clippard. Tracy homered to right (386 feet). Desmond flied out to center. Nady homered to right center (394 feet). Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Venable hit for Bartlett. Venable walked. Darnell hit for Gregerson. Darnell fouled out to catcher. Venable to second on fielder's indifference. Maybin walked. Denorfia walked, Venable to third, Maybin to second. Burnett pitching for Nationals. Guzman grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Venable out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Nationals 8.	Harper hits first home run in Nationals' win