Padres - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Venable reached on bunt single to second. Venable caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Forsythe flied out to right. Headley walked. Quentin hit by pitch, Headley to second. Alonso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Richard pitching for Padres. Suzuki flied out to center. Ackley grounded out to second. Montero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Denorfia singled to left. Maybin grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Denorfia out at second. Hundley flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Richard pitching for Padres. Seager grounded out to shortstop. Smoak flied out to right. Olivo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cabrera walked. Venable flied out to left. Forsythe struck out swinging. Cabrera stole second. Headley singled to shallow left, Cabrera scored. Quentin singled to left, Headley to second. Alonso grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Richard pitching for Padres. Saunders singled to center. Figgins grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Saunders out at second. Ryan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Denorfia tripled to deep right center. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. Hundley struck out swinging. Cabrera popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Richard pitching for Padres. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Ackley singled to center, Suzuki to second. Montero flied out to center, Suzuki to third. Seager grounded out to second, Suzuki scored, Ackley to second. Smoak flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Venable flied out to center. Forsythe flied out to left. Headley flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Richard pitching for Padres. Olivo grounded out to second. Saunders doubled to left. Saunders stole third. Figgins struck out looking. Ryan walked. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Quentin walked. Alonso singled to shallow left, Quentin to second. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Quentin out at third, Alonso to second. Maybin singled to center, Alonso scored, Denorfia to second. Hundley singled to right, Denorfia scored, Maybin to third. Maybin scored, Hundley to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Cabrera tripled to deep right center, Hundley scored. Cabrera picked off third. Venable struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Richard pitching for Padres. Ackley grounded out to third. Montero singled to deep left. Seager struck out looking. Smoak singled to center, Montero to second. Olivo reached on infield single to second, Montero to third, Smoak to second. Saunders flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Forsythe flied out to right. Headley struck out swinging. Quentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Richard pitching for Padres. Figgins singled to center. Ryan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Figgins out at second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ryan out at second. Ackley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Kelley pitching for Mariners. Alonso struck out swinging. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. Maybin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Montero struck out swinging. Seager flied out to center. Smoak struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Pryor pitching for Mariners. Hundley fouled out to first. Cabrera reached on infield single to first. Furbush pitching for Mariners. Cabrera stole second. Venable walked. Cabrera stole third. Venable to second on wild pitch by Furbush. Forsythe struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Gregerson pitching for Padres. Olivo flied out to center. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Saunders homered to center. (436 feet). Figgins hit ground rule double to left. Street pitching for Padres. Kawasaki hit for Ryan. Kawasaki singled to right, Figgins scored. Suzuki singled to center, Kawasaki to third. Ackley struck out swinging, Kawasaki scored, Suzuki to second on wild pitch by Street. Montero grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Mariners 4.	Padres hold off M's late push to snag win