Padres - Top 1st. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to second. Forsythe flied out to center. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Volquez pitching for Padres. Eaton grounded out to shortstop. Hill singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. Montero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Quentin singled to deep center. Alonso grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Quentin out at second. Kotsay doubled to deep left center. Kotsay to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Venable walked. Baker flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Kubel grounded out to second. Wheeler singled to deep center. McDonald struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Volquez struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. Forsythe grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Volquez pitching for Padres. Cahill grounded out to pitcher. Eaton struck out looking. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley lined out to first. Quentin walked. Alonso walked, Quentin to second. Kotsay struck out swinging. Venable singled to right, Quentin scored, Alonso to third. Baker singled to right, Alonso scored, Venable to second. Volquez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Baker out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Upton doubled to deep left. Montero doubled to deep left, Upton scored. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Kubel flied out to right, Montero to third. Wheeler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera grounded out to second. Forsythe grounded out to second. Headley walked. Quentin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Denorfia in left field. Volquez pitching for Padres. McDonald reached on infield single to third. Cahill sacrificed to first, McDonald to second. Eaton tripled to deep left center, McDonald scored. Eaton scored on Volquez' balk. Hill flied out to center. Upton doubled to deep left. Montero hit by pitch. Goldschmidt doubled to deep right center, Upton scored, Montero to third. Kubel lined out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks. Alonso singled to right. Kotsay lined into double play, to first, Alonso doubled off first. Venable struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Volquez pitching for Padres. Wheeler struck out swinging. McDonald grounded out to second. Jacobs hit for Cahill. Jacobs popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks. Baker singled to center. Parrino hit for Volquez. Parrino grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Baker out at second. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Vincent pitching for Padres. Eaton grounded out to second. Hill grounded out to third. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Forsythe grounded out to second. Headley singled to center. Headley to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Denorfia grounded out to first, Headley to third. Alonso flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Boxberger pitching for Padres. Montero hit by pitch. Goldschmidt popped out to second. Kubel grounded out to second, Montero to second. Wheeler tripled to deep right, Montero scored, Wheeler scored on throwing error by second baseman Forsythe. McDonald struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Parra in left field. Lindstrom pitching for Diamondbacks. Kotsay grounded out to second. Venable grounded out to first. Baker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Diamondbacks 6.	D-backs topple Padres, boost playoff hopes