Royals - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Merrifield grounded out to third . Soler singled to left center . Mondesi grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Soler out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Goodrum grounded out to second . Schoop grounded out to third . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Pérez lined out to center . O'Hearn bunt grounded out to third . Franco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Cron struck out swinging . Stewart flied out to center . Candelario walked . Maybin doubled to deep left , Candelario to third . Romine lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Gordon lined out to center . Hernández singled to deep left center . Phillips safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Cron , Hernández to second , Phillips safe at second on error , Hernández safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Garcia . Merrifield homered to left ( 366 feet ) , Hernández scored and Phillips scored . Soler struck out looking . Mondesi struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Jones hit by pitch . Zuber pitching for Royals . Goodrum flied out to center . Schoop homered to center ( 442 feet ) , Jones scored . Cabrera lined out to right . Cron walked . Stewart homered to left center ( 404 feet ) , Cron scored . Candelario struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Pérez struck out swinging . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Franco grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Maybin flied out to center . Romine lined out to center . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Gordon singled to left center . Hernández grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gordon out at second . Phillips singled to center . Phillips stole second . Merrifield lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Goodrum walked . Schoop hit by pitch , Goodrum to second . Cabrera lined out to left . Cron hit by pitch . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Soler fouled out to first . Mondesi struck out swinging . Pérez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Barlow pitching for Royals . Candelario walked . Maybin singled to left , Candelario to second . Romine grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop to second , Maybin out at second , Candelario to third . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Reyes in left field . Soto pitching for Tigers . O'Hearn struck out looking . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Holland pitching for Royals . Goodrum reached on infield single to first . Schoop grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goodrum out at second . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schoop safe at second on fielding error by shortstop Mondesi . Castro ran for Cabrera . Cron grounded into double play , third to first , Schoop out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . Castro as designated hitter . Lopez hit for Hernández . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Lopez grounded out to second . Phillips grounded out to second . Merrifield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Pérez catching . Rosenthal pitching for Royals . Reyes singled to shallow center . Candelario flied out to center . Maybin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Soler grounded out to third . Mondesi safe at first on fielding error by first baseman Cron , Mondesi out at second . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 3 - Tigers 4 .	Tigers ' bullpen sharp in 4 - 3 win over Royals