White Sox - Top 1st . Bolanos pitching for Royals . Robert grounded out to shortstop . Moncada walked . Abreu flied out to center . Grandal singled to center , Moncada to third . Encarnación walked , Moncada scored on Bolanos wild pitch , Grandal to second . Jiménez homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Grandal scored and Encarnación scored . García singled to center . Engel flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Merrifield singled to left center . Soler flied out to right . Pérez struck out swinging , Merrifield caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Bolanos pitching for Royals . Madrigal struck out looking . Robert homered to right center ( 415 feet ) . Moncada singled to center . Abreu grounded out to shortstop , Moncada to second . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Grandal grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . McBroom walked . Franco popped out to second . Mondesi doubled to deep right , McBroom to third . O'Hearn struck out swinging . Starling walked . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Encarnación singled to center . Jiménez singled to right center , Encarnación to third . García safe at first on fielding error by first baseman O'Hearn , Jiménez to second . Engel lined out to shortstop . Madrigal grounded into double play , shortstop to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Merrifield singled to center . Soler struck out looking . Pérez grounded out to pitcher , Merrifield to second . McBroom struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Robert singled to left . Moncada flied out to center . Abreu singled to left , Robert to third . Newberry pitching for Royals . Grandal walked , Abreu to second . Encarnación struck out swinging . Jiménez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for White Sox . Franco singled to left . Mondesi struck out swinging . O'Hearn singled to right center , Franco to second . Starling walked , O'Hearn to second , Franco to third . Lopez struck out swinging . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Merrifield fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Newberry pitching for Royals . García singled to center . Engel singled to left , García to second . Madrigal grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Engel out at second , García to third . Robert doubled to deep center , García scored . Moncada reached on infield single to pitcher , Robert scored on throwing error by pitcher Newberry . Abreu grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Foster pitching for White Sox . Soler singled to center . Pérez flied out to center . McBroom struck out swinging . Franco lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Merrifield at second base . Mejía in left field . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Encarnación struck out swinging . Jiménez doubled to deep center . García walked . Engel grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jiménez out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Fry pitching for White Sox . Mondesi singled to center . Mondesi to second on wild pitch by Fry . O'Hearn doubled to deep right , Mondesi scored . Starling grounded out to shortstop . Mejía lined out to center . Merrifield homered to left ( 389 feet ) , O'Hearn scored . Cishek pitching for White Sox . Soler singled to right . Pérez flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Madrigal flied out to left . Robert doubled to left . Moncada grounded out to second , Robert to third . Abreu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Cishek pitching for White Sox . McBroom doubled to left . Franco struck out swinging . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Mondesi struck out swinging . O'Hearn singled to shallow left center , McBroom scored . Starling struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Zimmer pitching for Royals . Grandal struck out looking . Encarnación grounded out to second . Jiménez safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Merrifield . García singled to center , Jiménez to second . Engel struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Mejía grounded out to second . Merrifield struck out swinging . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Madrigal flied out to right . Robert flied out to center . Moncada singled to left . Abreu singled to center , Moncada to third . Grandal doubled to deep left center , Abreu scored and Moncada scored . Encarnación safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Mondesi , Grandal safe at third on error . Goins ran for Encarnación . Jiménez singled to right center , Grandal scored , Goins to third . Speier pitching for Royals . García singled to center , Goins scored , Jiménez to second . Engel lined out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 9th . Goins as designated hitter . Heuer pitching for White Sox . Pérez lined out to right . Heath hit for McBroom . Heath struck out swinging . Phillips hit for Franco . Phillips singled to center . Hernández hit for Mondesi . Hernández singled to center , Phillips to third . Cordero hit for O'Hearn . Cordero doubled to deep center , Phillips scored , Hernández to third . Starling grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Royals 5 .	Gio Gonzalez helps pitch White Sox to 11 - 5 rout of Royals