White Sox - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Anderson reached on infield single to pitcher . Jiménez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Anderson out at second . Grandal singled to center . Abreu flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield lined out to center . Dozier homered to center ( 419 feet ) . O'Hearn lined out to center . Franco grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Encarnación homered to left ( 442 feet ) . Moncada lined out to first . Robert walked . Mendick singled to right , Robert to second . Engel singled to right , Mendick to second , Robert to third . Anderson walked , Robert scored , Engel to second , Mendick to third . Jiménez struck out swinging . Mendick scored on Duffy wild pitch , Anderson to second , Engel to third . Grandal walked . Abreu doubled to deep left center , Engel scored and Anderson scored , Grandal thrown out at home . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Gordon grounded out to second . Olivares lined out to shortstop . Lopez singled to left . Mondesi walked , Lopez to second . Gallagher grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Mondesi out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Encarnación struck out swinging . Moncada walked . Robert flied out to right . Mendick lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield grounded out to pitcher . Dozier flied out to right . O'Hearn walked . Franco grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Engel fouled out to first . Anderson homered to right center ( 412 feet ) . Jiménez grounded out to pitcher . Grandal walked . Abreu flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Gordon hit by pitch . Olivares grounded out to third , Gordon to second . Lopez safe at first on fielding error by shortstop Anderson , Gordon safe at third on error . Mondesi popped out to shortstop . Gallagher grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Encarnación fouled out to first . Moncada struck out swinging . Robert popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Merrifield lined out to left . Dozier struck out looking . O'Hearn lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Duffy pitching for Royals . Mendick grounded out to shortstop . Engel popped out to second . Anderson popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Cease pitching for White Sox . Franco doubled to deep center . Gordon doubled to deep right center , Franco scored . Foster pitching for White Sox . Olivares singled to left , Gordon to third . Lopez doubled to right , Gordon scored and Olivares scored . Mondesi sacrificed to pitcher , Lopez to third . McBroom hit for Gallagher . McBroom struck out swinging . Merrifield flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Viloria catching . Newberry pitching for Royals . Jiménez reached on infield single to shortstop . Grandal singled to right , Jiménez to third . Abreu singled to right center , Jiménez scored , Grandal to second . Encarnación hit by pitch , Abreu to second , Grandal to third . Moncada hit sacrifice fly to right , Grandal scored , Abreu to third . Robert homered to left ( 458 feet ) , Abreu scored and Encarnación scored . Harvey pitching for Royals . Mendick grounded out to second . Engel singled to center . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop , Engel to second . Jiménez grounded out to pitcher . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Dozier struck out swinging . O'Hearn grounded out to second . Franco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Starling in left field . Adams pitching for Royals . Grandal struck out swinging . Abreu flied out to center . Encarnación lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Flores pitching for White Sox . Starling singled to left . Olivares doubled to right , Starling to third . Lopez grounded out to second , Starling scored , Olivares to third . Mondesi grounded out to second , Olivares scored . Viloria struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Zuber pitching for Royals . Moncada struck out swinging . Robert struck out swinging . Mendick grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Cishek pitching for White Sox . Merrifield grounded out to shortstop . Dozier singled to center . O'Hearn walked , Dozier to second . Franco walked , O'Hearn to second , Dozier to third . Starling struck out swinging . Olivares grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Royals 6 .	Robert 's long homer helps White Sox rout Royals 11 - 6