Dodgers - Top 1st. Geer pitching for Padres. Furcal lined out to right. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez homered to left. Ethier lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Eckstein flied out to left. Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Wolf. Hairston flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Geer pitching for Padres. Blake singled to center. Loney grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Blake out at second. Kemp lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Headley struck out swinging. Blanco singled to left center. Alfonzo ran for Blanco. Gwynn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Alfonzo catching. Geer pitching for Padres. Castro singled to center. Wolf bunted into double play, catcher to shortstop to second, Castro out at second. Furcal flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Geer doubled to deep center. Cabrera sacrificed to pitcher, Geer to third. Eckstein singled to center, Geer scored. Gonzalez singled to left center, Eckstein to second. Hairston struck out looking. Kouzmanoff hit by pitch, Eckstein to third, Gonzalez to second. Headley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Geer pitching for Padres. Martin flied out to right. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Ethier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Alfonzo grounded out to shortstop. Gwynn flied out to left. Geer fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Geer pitching for Padres. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Loney grounded out to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera flied out to left. Eckstein struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Geer pitching for Padres. Castro flied out to right. Wolf grounded out to first. Furcal singled to left. Martin singled to left, Furcal to third. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Pierre in left field. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Hairston popped out to first. Kouzmanoff popped out to first. Headley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Geer pitching for Padres. Ethier grounded out to second. Blake singled to center. Loney singled to center, Blake to third. Burke pitching for Padres. Blanks in left field. Blake scored, Loney to second on wild pitch by Burke. Kemp intentionally walked. Castro struck out looking. Loretta hit for Wolf. Loretta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kemp out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Alfonzo walked. Gwynn singled to right, Alfonzo to third. Blanks hit by pitch, Gwynn to second. Cabrera singled to right center, Alfonzo and Gwynn scored, Blanks to second. Eckstein bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blanks out at third, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez singled to center, Cabrera scored, Eckstein to third. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Hairston struck out swinging. Kouzmanoff grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Hairston in left field. Venable in right field. Gwynn in center field. Mujica pitching for Padres. Furcal walked. Martin reached on infield single to third, Furcal to second. Pierre sacrificed to catcher, Furcal to third, Martin to second. Bell pitching for Padres. Ethier grounded out to shortstop, Furcal scored. Blake flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Venable struck out swinging. Alfonzo singled to right. Gwynn safe at first on error by second baseman Castro, Alfonzo to second. Bell sacrificed to first, Alfonzo to third, Gwynn to second. Cabrera reached on infield single to third, Alfonzo scored, Gwynn scored, Cabrera to third on throwing error by third baseman Blake. Eckstein singled to right, Cabrera scored. Leach pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Bell pitching for Padres. Loney walked. Loney to second on fielder's indifference. Kemp singled to center, Loney scored. Castro struck out swinging. Hudson hit for Leach. Hudson struck out looking. Kemp to second on fielder's indifference. Furcal struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Padres 7.	Manny homers, but Padres rally by Dodgers