Marlins - Top 1st. Schmidt pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio flied out to left. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Furcal bunt popped out to third. Hudson singled to center. Ethier flied into double play, center to shortstop to first, Hudson doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Schmidt pitching for Dodgers. Cantu doubled to shallow left. Hermida singled to right, Cantu to third. Uggla grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cantu scored, Hermida out at second. Ross struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Loney grounded out to pitcher. Kemp singled to center. Kemp stole second. Martin struck out swinging. Loretta intentionally walked. Schmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loretta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Schmidt pitching for Dodgers. Baker walked. Volstad sacrificed to pitcher, Baker to second. Coghlan lined out to center. Bonifacio hit by pitch. Ramirez doubled to deep left, Baker and Bonifacio scored, Ramirez to third on error by shortstop Furcal. Cantu doubled to deep right center, Ramirez scored. Hermida grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Pierre reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierre caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Furcal walked. Hudson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Schmidt pitching for Dodgers. Uggla homered to left. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Ross walked. Baker doubled to deep right center, Ross scored. Volstad sacrificed to pitcher, Baker to third. Coghlan doubled to deep right, Baker scored. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez singled to center, Coghlan scored. Cantu grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Ethier walked. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ethier out at second. Kemp singled to center. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Hermida grounded out to second. Uggla popped out to shortstop. Ross doubled to deep right center. Baker intentionally walked. Volstad struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Loretta walked. Weaver sacrificed to pitcher, Loretta to second. Pierre grounded out to shortstop, Loretta to third. Furcal grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan grounded out to second. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Ramirez hit by pitch. Cantu flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Volstad pitching for Marlins. Hudson doubled to deep center. Ethier singled to center, Hudson to third. Loney doubled to deep right center, Hudson and Ethier scored. Kemp grounded out to pitcher. Martin homered to left, Loney scored. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Loretta grounded out to shortstop. DeWitt hit for Weaver. DeWitt doubled to deep right center. Pierre lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Vargas pitching for Dodgers. Hermida flied out to right. Uggla grounded out to shortstop. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Badenhop pitching for Marlins. Furcal struck out swinging. Hudson hit by pitch. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Ethier struck out swinging. Loney singled to center, Hudson to second. Ayala pitching for Marlins. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Vargas pitching for Dodgers. Baker hit by pitch. Gload hit for Ayala. Gload grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Baker out at second. Coghlan singled to left, Gload to second. Bonifacio struck out looking. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Donnelly pitching for Marlins. Martin flied out to right. Loretta popped out to second. Blake hit for Vargas. Blake grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Cantu grounded out to second. Hermida grounded out to shortstop. Uggla doubled to deep center. Ross flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Nunez pitching for Marlins. Pierre struck out swinging. Furcal tripled to deep right center. Hudson struck out swinging. Ethier singled to center, Furcal scored. Ethier to second on fielder's indifference. Loney singled to center, Ethier scored. Kemp fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Dodgers 6.	Marlins' 8-run lead survives Dodgers' late rally