Dodgers - Top 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Furcal grounded out to first. Hudson walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Lugo flied out to center. DeRosa hit by pitch. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday doubled to deep center, DeRosa scored. Ludwick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ethier popped out to shortstop. Blake singled to left. Loney singled to right, Blake to second. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Molina popped out to shortstop. Ankiel singled to right. Ryan singled to left, Ankiel to second. Carpenter sacrificed to third, Ankiel to third, Ryan to second. Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop, Ankiel scored, Ryan to third. DeRosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kemp singled to shallow left. Wolf sacrificed to catcher, Kemp to second. Kemp to third on wild pitch by Carpenter. Furcal hit sacrifice fly to right, Kemp scored. Hudson hit by pitch. Ramirez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Pujols flied out to right. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Ludwick popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ethier singled to center. Blake lined out to right. Loney flied out to right. Martin singled to center, Ethier to second. Kemp walked, Ethier to third, Martin to second. Wolf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Molina flied out to center. Ankiel popped out to second. Ryan singled to right. Carpenter grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Furcal singled to right. Hudson reached on bunt single to first, Furcal to second. Ramirez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hudson out at second, Furcal to third. Ethier popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Lugo struck out swinging. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Pujols walked. Holliday walked, Pujols to second. Ludwick struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Blake flied out to right. Loney grounded out to second. Martin hit by pitch. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Wolf pitching for Dodgers. Molina popped out to second. Ankiel fouled out to shortstop. Ryan singled to left. Carpenter reached on infield single to third, Ryan to second. Lugo grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Pierre hit for Wolf. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Pierre grounded out to first. Furcal reached on infield single to third. Hudson grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. McDonald pitching for Dodgers. DeRosa homered to center. Pujols singled to center, Pujols out stretching at second. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake. Ludwick flied out to center. Molina walked, Holliday to second. Leach pitching for Dodgers. Ankiel singled to right, Holliday scored, Molina to second. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Ryan doubled to deep right center, Molina and Ankiel scored. Carpenter flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez doubled to deep left center. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Ethier struck out swinging. Blake struck out looking. Loney walked. McClellan pitching for Cardinals. Martin singled to right, Ramirez to third, Loney to second. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Lugo flied out to left. DeRosa grounded out to shortstop. Pujols fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Loretta hit for Kuo. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Loretta flied out to center. Furcal singled to left. Hudson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Furcal out at second. Hudson to second on fielder's indifference. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 1 - Cardinals 6.	Carpenter, Ryan lift Cardinals past Dodgers