Dodgers - Top 1st. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal singled to right. Kemp flied out to center. Ethier doubled to deep center, Furcal scored. Ramirez flied out to right. Loney flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Drew singled to center. Parra doubled to deep center, Drew to third. Upton hit sacrifice fly to right, Drew scored, Parra to third. Reynolds hit sacrifice fly to right, Parra scored. Montero singled to right. Young popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard struck out swinging. Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Allen doubled to center. Ojeda grounded out to first, Allen to third. Buckner reached on infield single to third, Allen scored. Drew popped out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Billingsley walked. Furcal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Billingsley out at second. Kemp lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds doubled to left. Montero walked. Young grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Montero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier grounded out to second. Ramirez walked. Loney grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Allen grounded out to second. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. Buckner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Belliard struck out swinging. Hudson singled to center. Hudson stole second. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Billingsley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Parra lined out to shortstop. Upton walked. Reynolds walked, Upton to second. Montero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal walked. Kemp grounded into double play, third to second to first, Furcal out at second. Ethier flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Billingsley pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded out to third. Allen lined out to third. Ojeda doubled to left. Buckner doubled to deep right center, Ojeda scored. Drew struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez struck out swinging. Loney singled to right. Belliard grounded into double play, third to second to first, Loney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. McDonald pitching for Dodgers. Parra struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Hudson grounded out to first. Martin singled to center. Pierre hit for McDonald. Pierre grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martin out at second. Furcal singled to center, Pierre to third. Kemp singled to right, Pierre scored, Furcal to second, Furcal to third on error by right fielder Upton. Schlereth pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to center, Furcal scored, Kemp to third. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ramirez walked, Ethier to second. Loney singled to left, Kemp scored, Ethier to third, Ramirez to second. Belliard reached on infield single to shortstop, Ethier scored, Ramirez to third, Loney to second. Hudson flied out to center. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Pierre in left field. Montero singled to left. Oeltjen ran for Montero. Young sacrificed to first, Oeltjen to second. Byrnes hit for Allen. Byrnes grounded out to second, Oeltjen to third. Roberts hit for Ojeda. Roberts grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Hester catching. Zavada pitching for Diamondbacks. Roberts at second base. Tracy at first base. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Pierre walked. Pierre caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Furcal singled to left. Kemp popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Romero hit for Zavada. Romero grounded out to second. Drew struck out swinging. Parra singled to center. Upton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Diamondbacks 4.	Dodgers' two-out rally in eighth sinks D-backs