Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Hill flied out to right . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to shortstop . Prado doubled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Trumbo walked . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon reached on infield single to first . Cuddyer grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Owings flied out to right . Parra grounded out to third . Miley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki grounded out to second . Rosario walked . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosario out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Pollock reached on infield single to third . Hill singled to center , Pollock to second . Goldschmidt safe at second on error by third baseman Arenado , Pollock and Hill scored . Prado grounded out to second , Goldschmidt to third . Trumbo intentionally walked . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Trumbo out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Stubbs singled to center . LeMahieu grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Stubbs out at second . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Owings doubled to deep right center . Parra flied out to left . Miley singled to right , Owings scored . Pollock lined out to center . Hill popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to first . Cuddyer doubled to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Cuddyer to third . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Prado singled to center . Trumbo homered to left ( 418 feet ) , Prado scored . Montero grounded out to first . Owings grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario doubled to deep right center . Rosario to third on wild pitch by Miley . Arenado walked . Stubbs hit sacrifice fly to right , Rosario scored . LeMahieu grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Arenado out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Rockies . Parra grounded out to first . Miley singled to center . Pollock sacrificed to catcher , Miley to second . Hill singled to center , Miley to third , Hill to second advancing on throw . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Barnes hit for Anderson . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes grounded out to second . Blackmon grounded out to first . Cuddyer singled to right . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Montero singled to center . Owings lined into double play , third to first , Montero doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to center . Rosario doubled to deep center , Tulowitzki to third . Arenado hit sacrifice fly to center , Tulowitzki scored . Stubbs grounded out to shortstop , Rosario to third . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Rockies . Parra flied out to center . Miley singled to right center . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miley out at second . Hill lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Culberson hit for Lopez . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Culberson struck out swinging . Blackmon flied out to left . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt singled to center . Prado grounded out to second , Goldschmidt to second . Trumbo grounded out to second , Goldschmidt to third . Montero lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to shallow center . Gonzalez stole second . Gonzalez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero . Tulowitzki walked . Rosario grounded into double play , third to second to first , Gonzalez scored , Tulowitzki out at second . Arenado flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Rockies 3 .	Trumbo , Diamondbacks beat Rockies to avert sweep