Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Campana singled to left . Hill flied out to right . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Campana caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Prado batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan popped out to shortstop . Belt flied out to right . Sandoval fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Montero hit by pitch . Trumbo walked , Montero to second . Parra singled to left , Montero to third , Trumbo to second . Pennington singled to center , Montero and Trumbo scored , Parra to third . Delgado bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Parra out at home , Pennington to second . Campana struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey flied out to right . Pence doubled to left . Morse flied out to right . Crawford walked . Hicks singled to left , Pence scored , Crawford to second . Vogelsong grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Hill flied out to center . Goldschmidt doubled to deep right . Prado singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Montero doubled to deep right center , Goldschmidt and Prado scored . Trumbo safe at first on error by second baseman Hicks , Montero to third . Parra fouled out to first . Pennington flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan singled to right . Belt walked , Pagan to second . Sandoval grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Belt out at second , Pagan to third . Posey reached on bunt single to catcher , Pagan scored . Pence flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Delgado struck out swinging . Campana struck out swinging . Hill fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Morse doubled to deep left . Crawford doubled to deep left , Morse scored . Hicks walked . Vogelsong bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Crawford out at third , Hicks to second . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pagan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vogelsong out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Prado hit by pitch . Montero grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt fouled out to third . Sandoval walked . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey singled to center , Sandoval to second . Pence struck out looking . Morse doubled to deep right center , Sandoval and Posey scored . Crawford grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Trumbo doubled to deep left . Huff pitching for Giants . Parra grounded out to second , Trumbo to third . Pennington struck out swinging . Pollock hit for Harris . Gutierrez pitching for Giants . Pollock struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Hicks struck out swinging . Adrianza hit for Gutierrez . Adrianza grounded out to first . Pagan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Machi pitching for Giants . Campana singled to center . Hill doubled to deep left , Campana to third . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Prado grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Campana out at home , Hill to third , Goldschmidt to second . Lopez pitching for Giants . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt popped out to catcher . Sandoval walked . Posey popped out to second . Pence reached on infield single to third , Sandoval to second . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Perez in left field . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Parra walked . Pennington singled to left , Parra to second . Chavez hit for Ziegler . Chavez flied out to left . Campana reached on infield single to third , Parra to third , Pennington to second , Parra scored , Pennington to third , Campana to second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval . Hill lined out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 8th . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford doubled to deep center . Hicks walked . Perez sacrificed to first , Crawford to third , Hicks to second . Pagan intentionally walked . Belt flied out to left . Sandoval flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Romo pitching for Giants . Goldschmidt grounded out to first . Prado struck out swinging . Montero safe at second on error by center fielder Pagan . Trumbo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Posey struck out swinging . Pence struck out looking . Arias hit for Romo . Arias grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Petit pitching for Giants . Parra grounded out to second . Pennington singled to right . Owings hit for Putz . Owings flied out to right . Pennington stole second . Campana singled to right , Pennington scored . Campana stole second . Hill flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 10th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford popped out to shortstop . Hicks struck out swinging . Sanchez hit for Perez . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 5 .	D - backs need 10 innings to slip past Giants