Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Parra flied out to left . Prado flied out to right . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Bonifacio walked . Lake singled to right , Bonifacio to second . Rizzo lined into double play , pitcher to second , Bonifacio out at second . Ruggiano struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Montero walked . Hill singled to center , Montero to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hill out at second , Montero to third . Owings grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero scored , Ross out at second . Campana grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out swinging . Olt grounded out to second . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Miley struck out looking . Parra singled to center . Prado flied out to center . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney walked . Samardzija struck out bunting foul . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Lake struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Montero grounded out to second . Hill doubled to left . Ross grounded out to shortstop , Hill to third . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo flied out to center . Ruggiano grounded out to third . Castro lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Campana flied out to center . Miley grounded out to third . Parra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Olt singled to left . Olt to second on wild pitch by Miley . Castillo singled to left , Olt to third . Barney sacrificed to first , Olt scored , Castillo to second , Barney safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Castillo to third on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt . Samardzija hit sacrifice fly to center , Castillo scored , Barney to third . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop , Barney scored . Lake struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Prado struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to left . Montero struck out swinging . Hill singled to right , Goldschmidt to second . Ross singled to shallow right , Goldschmidt scored , Hill to second . Owings popped out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo walked . Ruggiano homered to right center ( 402 feet ) , Rizzo scored . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out swinging . Olt struck out swinging . Castillo flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Campana grounded out to third . Pennington hit for Ziegler . Pennington struck out looking . Parra grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Barney grounded out to third . Samardzija struck out looking . Bonifacio doubled to left . Lake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Prado grounded out to second . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Montero walked . Rondon pitching for Cubs . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goldschmidt out at third , Montero to second . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo grounded out to shortstop . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Strop pitching for Cubs . Owings walked . Campana grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Owings safe at second on error by shortstop Castro . Chavez hit for Cahill . Chavez walked , Owings to third , Campana to second . Pollock ran for Chavez . Parra struck out swinging . Prado singled to center , Owings and Campana scored , Pollock to third . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Russell pitching for Cubs . Montero singled to right , Pollock scored , Prado to third . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Hill tripled to right , Prado and Montero scored . Kalish in right field . Ross flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Olt grounded out to shortstop . Castillo struck out looking . Valbuena hit for Barney . Valbuena lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Cubs 5 .	Cubs bungle park 's 100th