Rockies - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon popped out to third . Barnes grounded out to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep left . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Tulowitzki scored , Gonzalez out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pollock flied out to right . Prado singled to center . Goldschmidt singled to left center , Prado to second . Montero popped out to second . Hill fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado popped out to first . Morneau grounded out to first . Pacheco struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Ross grounded out to shortstop . Parra homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Owings struck out swinging . Miley popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to second . Morales reached on infield single to shortstop . Blackmon sacrificed to pitcher , Morales to second . Barnes walked . Tulowitzki doubled to deep right , Morales and Barnes scored . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Morales pitching for Rockies . Pollock popped out to shortstop . Prado walked . Goldschmidt hit ground rule double to deep right , Prado to third . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Prado scored . Hill singled to right center , Goldschmidt scored . Ross lined out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado doubled to deep right . Morneau grounded out to second , Arenado to third . Pacheco doubled to left , Arenado scored . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop , Pacheco to third . Pacheco out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Morales batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Parra singled to center . Owings flied out to left . Miley sacrificed to pitcher , Parra to second . Pollock struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Morales grounded out to third . Blackmon grounded out to second . Barnes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Prado tripled to deep left center . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Prado scored . Montero fouled out to catcher . Hill walked . Ross lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Gonzalez popped out to second . Arenado singled to center . Morneau homered to right center ( 414 feet ) , Arenado scored . Pacheco grounded out to third . LeMahieu reached on infield single to second , LeMahieu to second on throwing error by second baseman Hill . Culberson hit for Morales . Culberson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Kahnle pitching for Rockies . Parra singled to center . Owings grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Parra out at second . Kieschnick hit for Miley . Kieschnick flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon flied out to center . Barnes struck out looking . Tulowitzki walked . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Pollock grounded out to third . Prado walked . Goldschmidt singled to left , Prado to third . Montero singled to center , Prado scored , Goldschmidt to second . Hill grounded into double play , third to second to first , Montero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado flied out to center . Morneau struck out swinging . Pacheco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Ross flied out to center . Parra struck out swinging . Owings struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu doubled to deep right . Dickerson hit for Logan . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson singled to right , LeMahieu to third . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to right , LeMahieu scored , Dickerson to second on throwing error by right fielder Parra . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes struck out swinging . Tulowitzki walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Hawkins pitching for Rockies . Campana hit for Putz . Campana grounded out to second . Pollock grounded out to third . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 8 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Rockies beat Diamondbacks 8 - 5