Dodgers - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gordon singled to center . Gordon to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Puig struck out swinging . Ramirez lined out to third . Gonzalez walked . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Pollock flied out to center . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford grounded out to second . Uribe singled to right center . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uribe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Kershaw pitching for Dodgers . Ross walked . Prado singled to right , Ross to third . Al Marte struck out swinging . Pennington tripled to deep left center , Ross and Prado scored . Gosewisch singled to left center , Pennington scored . Anderson sacrificed to first , Gosewisch to second . Pollock tripled to deep left center , Gosewisch scored . Owings tripled to deep center , Pollock scored . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left , Owings scored . Goldschmidt to third on balk by Kershaw . Ross walked . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Prado singled to left center , Goldschmidt scored , Ross to second . Al Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Prado out at second . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Wright lined out to third . Gordon walked . Puig homered to center ( 444 feet ) , Gordon scored . Ramirez lined out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Pennington singled to left center . Gosewisch singled to right , Pennington to second . Anderson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Pennington out at third , Gosewisch to second . Pollock grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Anderson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . Crawford flied out to right . Uribe fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Owings homered to center ( 445 feet ) . Goldschmidt walked . Ross singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Goldschmidt scored , Ross out at second . Al Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Prado out at second . Al Marte stole second . Pennington grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis doubled to deep center . Figgins hit for Wright . Figgins flied out to center . Ellis to third on wild pitch by Anderson . Gordon popped out to shortstop . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . League pitching for Dodgers . Gosewisch grounded out to third . Anderson grounded out to first . Pollock singled to center . Owings grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to center . Kemp doubled to deep right , Gonzalez to third . Crawford homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Gonzalez and Kemp scored . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe singled to right . Ellis safe at second on error by right fielder Al Marte , Uribe to third . Ethier hit for League . Ethier doubled to deep left , Uribe and Ellis scored . Gordon flied out to left . Puig grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt doubled to right . Ross struck out swinging . Prado doubled to center , Goldschmidt scored . Parra hit for Al Marte . Parra popped out to first . Pennington struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Parra in right field . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez singled to right . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to center , Ramirez to second . Kemp flied out to center , Ramirez to third . Crawford struck out swinging . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Uribe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Withrow pitching for Dodgers . Gosewisch grounded out to second . Ziegler struck out swinging . Pollock reached on infield single to second . Pollock stole second . Owings walked . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 432 feet ) , Pollock and Owings scored . Ross walked . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Turner at third base . Inciarte ran for Ross . Prado walked , Inciarte to second . Parra doubled to deep right center , Inciarte scored , Prado to third . Pennington struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Inciarte in left field . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis struck out looking . Turner doubled to deep right center . Gordon flied out to left . Puig struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Van Slyke in right field . Perez pitching for Dodgers . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Chavez hit for Ziegler . Chavez homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Pollock homered to center ( 427 feet ) . Butera pitching for Dodgers . Owings doubled to deep right . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 416 feet ) , Owings scored . Inciarte grounded out to first . Prado struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez lined out to left . Kemp singled to right center . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Diamondbacks 18 .	D - backs chase Kershaw in 18 - 7 rout \n