Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Gregorius homered to right center ( 402 feet ) . Parra reached on infield single to shortstop . Parra picked off first . Goldschmidt walked . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to left , Goldschmidt safe at third on error by third baseman Culberson . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored , Prado to third . Prado scored on Lyles ' wild pitch . Hill singled to center . Peralta grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon walked . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki lined out to center . Cuddyer flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Inciarte singled to right , Inciarte out stretching at second . Collmenter struck out swinging . Gregorius lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau grounded out to first . Rosario doubled to deep center . Culberson flied out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Parra doubled to deep right center . Goldschmidt flied out to center , Parra to third . Prado singled to left , Parra scored . Montero singled to center , Prado to second . Hill struck out swinging . Peralta grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Lyles struck out swinging . Blackmon singled to left . Dickerson singled to left center , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki flied out to right . Cuddyer lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lyles pitching for Rockies . Inciarte flied out to left . Collmenter struck out swinging . Gregorius grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau singled to right . Rosario lined out to center . Culberson grounded out to third , Morneau to second . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Parra lined out to left . Goldschmidt singled to left . Prado singled to shallow left center , Goldschmidt to second . Montero grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Prado out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Morales walked . Blackmon reached on infield single to shortstop , Morales to second . Dickerson singled to center , Morales to third , Blackmon to second . Tulowitzki doubled to deep center , Morales and Blackmon scored , Dickerson to third . Cuddyer singled to right , Dickerson and Tulowitzki scored . Morneau lined out to center . Rosario singled to left , Cuddyer to second . Culberson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rosario out at second , Cuddyer to third . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Culberson out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Morales pitching for Rockies . Hill singled to center . Peralta flied out to center . Inciarte flied out to center . Ross hit for Collmenter . Ross flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Barnes hit for Morales . Barnes struck out swinging . Blackmon popped out to second . Dickerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Rockies . Gregorius struck out swinging . Parra walked . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Prado hit by pitch , Parra to second . Montero singled to right , Parra scored , Prado to third . Hill struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Tulowitzki singled to right . Cuddyer doubled to deep right center , Tulowitzki to third . Thatcher pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau flied out to left . Gregorius at second base . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Owings at shortstop . Rosario intentionally walked . Wheeler hit for Culberson . Wheeler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tulowitzki out at home , Cuddyer to third , Rosario to second . LeMahieu reached on infield single to shortstop , Cuddyer scored , Rosario to third , Wheeler to second , Rosario scored , Wheeler to third , LeMahieu to second on missed catch error by second baseman Gregorius . Stubbs hit for Ottavino . Stubbs singled to right , Wheeler and LeMahieu scored . Blackmon lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wheeler at third base . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Peralta singled to center . Inciarte singled to center , Peralta to second . Owings singled to left , Peralta scored , Inciarte to second . Gregorius singled to left , Inciarte to third , Owings to second . Parra walked , Inciarte scored , Owings to third , Gregorius to second . Masset pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Owings , Gregorius and Parra scored . Prado grounded out to second , Goldschmidt to third . Montero hit sacrifice fly to center , Goldschmidt scored . Chavez hit for Ziegler . Chavez walked . Chavez stole second . Peralta struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Dickerson struck out swinging . Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop . Cuddyer walked . Morneau popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Rockies . Inciarte grounded out to second . Owings popped out to third . Gregorius reached on infield single to shortstop . Parra doubled to deep left , Gregorius scored . Goldschmidt singled to right , Parra scored . Prado singled to left , Goldschmidt to second . Montero homered to left ( 370 feet ) , Goldschmidt and Prado scored . Evans hit for Perez . Evans struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Rosario struck out looking . Wheeler grounded out to first . LeMahieu grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 16 - Rockies 8 .	Montero lives up to prediction with 6 RBIs