Astros - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler singled to right . Altuve singled to left , Fowler to second . Singleton grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Altuve out at second , Fowler to third . Castro hit by pitch , Singleton to second . Dominguez hit sacrifice fly to right , Fowler scored , Singleton to third . Grossman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Singleton scored , Castro safe at second on error by second baseman Hill . Presley walked , Castro to third , Grossman to second . Villar struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Cosart pitching for Astros . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher . Parra struck out swinging . Goldschmidt grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Cosart grounded out to first . Fowler reached on infield single to second . Altuve doubled to deep center , Fowler scored . Singleton grounded out to first , Altuve to third . Castro doubled to deep right center , Altuve scored . Dominguez lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Cosart pitching for Astros . Montero struck out looking . Prado grounded out to second . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Grossman struck out looking . Presley grounded out to second . Villar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Cosart pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . Collmenter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Cosart grounded out to second . Fowler struck out swinging . Altuve singled to center . Singleton flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Cosart pitching for Astros . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop . Parra walked . Goldschmidt doubled to left , Parra scored . Montero singled to left center , Goldschmidt to third . Prado grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Montero out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro flied out to center . Dominguez singled to left . Grossman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Dominguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Cosart pitching for Astros . Hill struck out swinging . Peralta struck out looking . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Presley popped out to second . Villar grounded out to third . Cosart grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Cosart pitching for Astros . Collmenter grounded out to pitcher . Gregorius singled to center . Parra singled to right center , Gregorius to second , Gregorius scored , Parra to second on error by center fielder Fowler . Goldschmidt walked . Montero singled to right center , Parra scored , Goldschmidt to second . Prado struck out swinging . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Montero out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler flied out to center . Altuve popped out to shortstop . Singleton struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Peralta struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to first . Ross hit for Collmenter . Ross walked . Gregorius flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro grounded out to second . Dominguez reached on infield single to third . Grossman singled to left , Dominguez to second . Presley struck out swinging . Villar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Sipp pitching for Astros . Parra struck out swinging . Williams pitching for Astros . Presley in left field . Sipp in right field . Goldschmidt walked . Gonzalez in left field . Presley in right field . Sipp pitching for Astros . Montero struck out swinging . Farnsworth pitching for Astros . Prado struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Carter hit for Farnsworth . Carter lined out to third . Fowler doubled to deep center . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fowler out at third . Altuve stole second . Singleton singled to right , Altuve thrown out at home , Altuve to third advancing on play . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Hill popped out to second . Peralta grounded out to second . Inciarte doubled to deep left . Owings hit for Putz . Owings struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 4 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Altuve , Cosart lead Astros past Diamondbacks 4 - 3