Astros - Top 1st . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler grounded out to second . Altuve lined out to third . Singleton singled to center . Castro safe at first on error by shortstop Owings , Singleton to second . Dominguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Peacock pitching for Astros . Parra struck out looking . Owings struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Montero grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Grossman walked . Presley singled to center , Grossman to second . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Presley out at second , Grossman to third . Peacock struck out bunting foul . Fowler walked , Villar to second . Altuve grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Villar out at third , Fowler to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Prado popped out to shortstop . Hill flied out to left . Peralta reached on infield single to second . Inciarte reached on infield single to shortstop , Peralta to second . Arroyo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Singleton singled to left . Castro struck out swinging . Singleton caught stealing second , catcher to third . Dominguez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Peacock pitching for Astros . Parra lined out to second . Owings walked . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Owings out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Grossman flied out to right . Presley struck out looking . Villar grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Montero walked . Montero caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Prado grounded out to second . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Peacock struck out swinging . Fowler flied out to left . Altuve flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Peralta grounded out to second . Inciarte struck out swinging . Arroyo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Singleton doubled to deep right . Castro grounded out to shortstop , Singleton to third . Dominguez singled to left , Singleton scored . Grossman grounded into double play , first to shortshop to first , Dominguez out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Peacock pitching for Astros . Parra popped out to shortstop . Owings grounded out to pitcher . Goldschmidt walked . Goldschmidt to second on wild pitch by Peacock . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Arroyo pitching for Diamondbacks . Presley singled to center . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Presley out at second . Guzman hit for Peacock . Guzman struck out looking . Villar caught stealing second , catcher to second to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Fields pitching for Astros . Prado tripled to deep right . Hill hit sacrifice fly to center , Prado scored . Peralta flied out to left . Inciarte safe at first on error by shortstop Villar . Ross hit for Arroyo . Ross doubled to deep right center , Inciarte to third , Inciarte scored on error by center fielder Fowler . Parra intentionally walked . Ross to third , Parra to second on passed ball by Castro . Owings flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Fowler singled to right . Altuve grounded into double play , third to second to first , Fowler out at second . Singleton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Astros . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center . Montero fouled out to left . Goldschmidt stole third . Prado struck out swinging . Hill doubled to right , Goldschmidt scored . Peralta popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro struck out looking . Dominguez grounded out to shortstop . Grossman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 1 - Diamondbacks 4 .	D - backs pull out 4 - 1 win over Astros