Marlins - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich singled to left center . Solano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Yelich out at second . Stanton fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Inciarte lined out to right . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee singled to center . Jones grounded into double play , first to third , McGehee out at second . Ozuna flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Montero flied out to right . Prado lined out to right . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Hechavarria flied out to right . Mathis struck out swinging . Eovaldi grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Gregorius reached on infield single to second . Ahmed grounded out to second , Gregorius to second . Collmenter struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to third . Stanton lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Peralta flied out to left . Goldschmidt walked . Montero flied out to left . Prado grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee grounded out to shortstop . Jones grounded out to first . Ozuna walked . Hechavarria singled to left center , Ozuna to second . Mathis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Parra grounded out to third . Gregorius flied out to left . Ahmed safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Hechavarria . Collmenter lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Eovaldi struck out looking . Yelich singled to center . Solano singled to center , Yelich to third . Stanton hit sacrifice fly to center , Yelich scored . McGehee singled to left center , Solano to second . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Inciarte lined out to second . Peralta lined out to right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna doubled to right . Hechavarria struck out swinging . Mathis struck out swinging . Eovaldi lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Montero singled to deep right . Montero caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to shortstop . Prado lined out to second . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich grounded out to second . Solano grounded out to second . Stanton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Eovaldi pitching for Marlins . Gregorius tripled to deep right . Ahmed singled to left , Gregorius scored . Kieschnick hit for Stites . Dunn pitching for Marlins . Ross hit for Kieschnick . Ross singled to left center , Ahmed to second . Inciarte sacrificed to pitcher , Ahmed to third , Ross to second . Peralta popped out to first . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Montero grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . McGehee struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . Ozuna struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Prado singled to left center . Parra grounded out to catcher , Prado to second . Gregorius grounded out to shortstop , Prado to third . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 10th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Hechavarria reached on infield single to shortstop . Mathis sacrificed to pitcher , Hechavarria to second . Johnson hit for Morris . Johnson struck out swinging . Yelich intentionally walked . Solano doubled to deep left , Hechavarria and Yelich scored . Stanton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Cishek pitching for Marlins . Hill hit for Ziegler . Hill singled to right . Inciarte walked , Hill to second . Peralta singled to center , Hill scored , Inciarte to third . Goldschmidt doubled to deep left center , Inciarte and Peralta scored . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Diamondbacks 4 .	Goldschmidt 's 2 - run double gives Arizona win in 10