Cubs - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Coghlan popped out to shortstop . Alcantara grounded out to first . Rizzo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Hill struck out swinging . Peralta doubled to left . Goldschmidt grounded out to second , Peralta to third . Montero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Castro walked . Valbuena grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castro out at second . Ruggiano struck out swinging . Valbuena caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Trumbo grounded out to third . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney flied out to right . Castillo struck out swinging . Jackson singled to center . Coghlan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Gregorius grounded out to second . Cahill grounded out to shortstop . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Alcantara walked . Alcantara stole second . Rizzo homered to right center ( 444 feet ) , Alcantara scored . Castro struck out swinging . Valbuena doubled to deep right center . Ruggiano grounded out to shortstop , Valbuena to third . Sweeney singled to right , Valbuena scored . Castillo grounded out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Peralta singled to center . Goldschmidt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Peralta out at second . Montero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson grounded out to second . Coghlan flied out to center . Alcantara lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Prado singled to right . Parra singled to right , Prado to third . Gregorius singled to right , Prado scored , Parra to second . Evans hit for Cahill . Evans singled to left , Parra scored , Gregorius to third . Gregorius out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice , Evans to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Rizzo homered to center ( 444 feet ) . Castro fouled out to first . Valbuena flied out to left . Ruggiano flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Jackson pitching for Cubs . Peralta fouled out to third . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 366 feet ) . Russell pitching for Cubs . Montero reached on bunt single to third . Schlitter pitching for Cubs . Trumbo singled to right , Montero to second . Prado reached on infield single to third , Montero to third , Trumbo to second . Parra hit sacrifice fly to left , Montero scored . Rosscup pitching for Cubs . Gregorius singled to left center , Trumbo scored , Gregorius to second , Prado to second , Prado to third advancing on throw . Ross hit for De La Rosa . Ross fouled out to first . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Sweeney grounded out to second . Castillo struck out swinging . Schierholtz hit for Rosscup . Schierholtz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Cubs . Hill singled to left . Peralta struck out looking . Goldschmidt walked , Hill to second . Montero flied out to left . Trumbo grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Peralta in left field . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Inciarte in center field . Coghlan singled to right . Alcantara grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Coghlan out at second . Rizzo lined out to center . Alcantara stole second . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Grimm pitching for Cubs . Prado grounded out to shortstop . Parra struck out swinging . Gregorius fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Ahmed at shortstop . Gregorius at third base . Valbuena lined out to right . Ruggiano walked . Ruggiano stole second , Ruggiano safe at third on throwing error by catcher Montero . Sweeney popped out to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Diamondbacks overcome Rizzo 's 2 HRs , beat Cubs 5 - 4