Tigers - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson singled to deep right . Kinsler grounded out to shortstop , Jackson to second . Cabrera singled to left , Jackson scored . Martinez flied out to left . Martinez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Peralta struck out swinging . Hill homered to left ( 386 feet ) . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hunter struck out swinging . Avila flied out to right . Suarez fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . Parra lined out to center . Prado singled to right . Gregorius flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Porcello grounded out to third . Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler reached on bunt single to third , Jackson to second . Cabrera grounded out to third , Jackson to third , Kinsler to second . Martinez intentionally walked . Jackson scored , Kinsler to third , Martinez to second on wild pitch by Anderson . Martinez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Peralta tripled to deep right . Hill hit sacrifice fly to right , Peralta scored . Goldschmidt lined out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Hunter walked . Avila struck out swinging . Hunter caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Suarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Montero singled to left . Trumbo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Porcello grounded out to third . Jackson grounded out to second . Kinsler walked . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Prado lined out to second . Gregorius struck out swinging . Anderson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Martinez singled to right . Martinez flied out to center . Hunter grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Martinez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Peralta tripled to right . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Peralta scored . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Montero grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Avila struck out swinging . Suarez reached on infield single to second . Porcello sacrificed to first , Suarez to second . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Porcello pitching for Tigers . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Parra grounded out to second . Prado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Peralta in left field . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Inciarte in center field . Kinsler singled to left . Cabrera singled to center , Kinsler to third . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kinsler out at home , Cabrera to second . Kelly ran for Martinez . Martinez reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Kelly to second . Hunter singled to center , Cabrera and Kelly scored , Martinez to third , Hunter to second advancing on throw . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Avila struck out swinging . Suarez intentionally walked . Davis hit for Porcello . Davis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Cabrera at first base . Kelly at third base . Coke pitching for Tigers . Gregorius lined out to pitcher . Inciarte walked . Peralta walked , Inciarte to second . Alburquerque pitching for Tigers . Hill flied out to left . Goldschmidt walked , Inciarte to third , Peralta to second . Krol pitching for Tigers . Montero singled to center , Inciarte and Peralta scored , Goldschmidt to third . Marte hit for De La Rosa . Knebel pitching for Tigers . Marte fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson flied out to center . Kinsler popped out to third . Cabrera walked . Kelly grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Arizona rallies for 5 - 4 win over Detroit