Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Peralta lined out to center . Hill doubled to left . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to second , Hill to third . Montero hit by pitch , Goldschmidt to second . Trumbo struck out swinging . Prado lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore singled to center . Rollins flied out to left . Utley walked , Sizemore to second . Byrd singled to left , Sizemore to third , Utley to second . Ruiz walked , Sizemore scored , Utley to third , Byrd to second . Brown grounded out to second , Utley scored , Byrd to third , Ruiz to second . Ruf walked . Asche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Parra singled to left . Ahmed grounded out to second , Parra to second . Miley grounded out to second , Parra to third . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kendrick flied out to right . Sizemore doubled to left . Sizemore stole third . Rollins grounded out to third . Utley singled to left , Sizemore scored , Utley advanced to second on catching error by Hill . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Hill reached on infield single to pitcher . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Hill caught stealing second , catcher to second . Montero grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruiz hit by pitch . Brown doubled to deep right center , Ruiz to third . Ruf hit sacrifice fly to center , Ruiz scored , Brown to third . Asche singled to right , Brown scored . Kendrick struck out swinging . Sizemore grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Trumbo popped out to first . Prado lined out to center . Parra lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins grounded out to third . Utley struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Miley struck out looking . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruiz struck out looking . Brown struck out swinging . Ruf doubled to deep left . Asche reached on infield single to pitcher , Ruf scored , Asche to second on throwing error by pitcher Miley . Kendrick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Kendrick pitching for Phillies . Hill doubled to left . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Montero walked . Trumbo lined out to left . Prado singled to left , Hill to third , Montero to second . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Marte hit for Parra . Marte homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Hill , Montero and Prado scored . Ahmed fouled out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Marte in right field . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore lined out to left . Rollins popped out to shortstop . Utley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Evans hit for Delgado . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Evans singled to left . Peralta singled to right , Evans to second . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Hill struck out swinging . Goldschmidt walked , Evans to third , Peralta to second . Montero struck out swinging . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd doubled to left . Ruiz grounded out to shortstop , Byrd to third . Brown homered to right ( 355 feet ) , Byrd scored . Ruf struck out swinging . Asche grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Blanco at third base . Prado walked . Marte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado out at second . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Blanco doubled to center . Sizemore doubled to deep left center , Blanco scored . Rollins grounded out to shortstop . Utley walked . Byrd struck out looking . Ruiz fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Gosewisch hit for Perez . Diekman pitching for Phillies . Gosewisch reached on infield single to first . Peralta struck out swinging . Hill lined out to left . Goldschmidt doubled to deep center , Gosewisch scored . Montero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Phillies 9 .	Brown powers Phillies over Diamondbacks 9 - 5