Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lee pitching for Phillies . Hill singled to deep left . Prado walked , Hill to second . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Trumbo singled to shallow center , Hill scored , Prado to third . Marte struck out swinging . Parra hit by pitch , Trumbo to second . Gosewisch fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore struck out swinging . Rollins doubled to deep right . Utley singled to right , Rollins to third . Howard struck out swinging . Byrd struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lee pitching for Phillies . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Collmenter singled to shallow left . Hill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Collmenter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Brown singled to shallow left . Ruiz popped out to first . Asche homered to right ( 365 feet ) , Brown scored . Lee singled to left . Sizemore singled to center , Lee to second . Rollins doubled to deep right , Lee scored , Sizemore to third . Utley singled to right , Sizemore scored , Rollins to third . Howard grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lee pitching for Phillies . Prado homered to left ( 354 feet ) . Goldschmidt walked . Trumbo grounded out to third , Goldschmidt to second . Marte singled to right , Goldschmidt to third . Parra struck out looking . Gosewisch flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Byrd homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Brown flied out to right . Ruiz doubled to deep center . Asche struck out swinging . Lee singled to shallow center , Ruiz scored . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Sizemore flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Lee pitching for Phillies . Ahmed singled to center . De La Rosa sacrificed to catcher , Ahmed to second . Hill grounded out to shortstop , Ahmed to third . Prado singled to center , Ahmed scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins flied out to center . Utley walked . Howard singled to left , Utley to second . Byrd flied out to center . Brown grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Lee pitching for Phillies . Trumbo singled to shallow left . Marte struck out looking . Parra reached on infield single to second , Trumbo to second . Gosewisch flied out to right , Trumbo to third . Ahmed flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruiz doubled to left . Asche grounded out to shortstop , Ruiz to third . Ruf hit for Lee . Ruf hit by pitch . Sizemore grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ruiz out at home , Ruf to second . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . De Fratus pitching for Phillies . Inciarte hit for De La Rosa . Inciarte doubled to deep center . Hill hit by pitch . Prado doubled to deep center , Inciarte and Hill scored . Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop , Prado to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . Marte struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra in right field . Inciarte in center field . Utley struck out swinging . Howard singled to right . Byrd flied out to center . Brown flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hollands pitching for Phillies . Parra singled to right . Gosewisch singled to right , Parra to second . Ahmed sacrificed to catcher , Parra to third , Gosewisch to second . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop , Parra scored , Gosewisch to third . Sizemore in left field . Giles pitching for Phillies . Revere in center field . Gregorius hit for Hill . Gregorius grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Gregorius at second base . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Ruiz flied out to center . Asche struck out looking . Revere popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Giles pitching for Phillies . Prado struck out swinging . Goldschmidt struck out looking . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta in left field . Sizemore grounded out to shortstop . Rollins fouled out to first . Utley hit by pitch . Howard walked , Utley to second . Byrd grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Papelbon pitching for Phillies . Peralta grounded out to first . Parra grounded out to second . Gosewisch struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Brignac hit for Papelbon . Brignac singled to center . Brignac caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Ruiz grounded out to third . Asche walked . Revere reached on infield single to first , Asche to second . Sizemore grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 10th . Bastardo pitching for Phillies . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Inciarte reached on infield single to first . Gregorius doubled to deep right , Inciarte to third . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Inciarte scored , Gregorius to third . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Evans hit for Marshall . Evans homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Gregorius and Goldschmidt scored . Peralta flied out to left . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 10th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins struck out swinging . Utley doubled to deep right . Howard struck out swinging . Byrd struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Phillies 6 .	Prado helps D - backs beat Phillies 10 - 6 in 10