Pirates - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison flied out to right . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen hit ground rule double to deep right center . Snider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Pacheco struck out swinging . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin singled to center . Davis doubled to left , Martin to third . Mercer struck out swinging . Martinez grounded out to second , Martin scored , Davis to third . Liriano flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Trumbo struck out swinging . Peralta struck out swinging . Al Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison struck out swinging . Polanco singled to center . Polanco caught stealing second , catcher to second . McCutchen walked . Snider grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Gosewisch reached on infield single to third . Ahmed walked , Gosewisch to second . Cahill sacrificed to pitcher , Gosewisch to third , Ahmed to second . Inciarte grounded out to second , Gosewisch scored , Ahmed to third . Pacheco singled to center , Ahmed scored . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pacheco out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Davis popped out to second . Mercer struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Trumbo doubled to deep right center . Peralta struck out swinging . Al Marte lined into double play , to second , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Martinez singled to center . Liriano sacrificed to catcher , Martinez to second . Harrison struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Gosewisch grounded out to second . Ahmed grounded out to third . Cahill grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen popped out to second . Snider fouled out to left . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Liriano pitching for Pirates . Inciarte singled to left , Inciarte out stretching at second . Pacheco flied out to right . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Davis singled to right . Davis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mercer struck out swinging . Martinez doubled to deep right center . Alvarez hit for Liriano . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hughes pitching for Pirates . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . Peralta fouled out to third . Al Marte grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison singled to right . Polanco doubled to left , Harrison to third . McCutchen hit sacrifice fly to left , Harrison scored . Snider intentionally walked . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to first to catcher , Polanco out at home . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Martinez in center field . Nix at second base . Gosewisch walked . Ahmed sacrificed to first , Gosewisch to second . An Marte hit for Ziegler . An Marte flied out to right . Inciarte reached on infield single to second , Gosewisch to third . Pacheco popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . An Marte at third base . Davis struck out looking . Mercer struck out looking . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Wilson pitching for Pirates . Hill struck out swinging . Trumbo singled to center . Peralta grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Trumbo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 10th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Nix grounded out to third . Harrison singled to right center . Polanco intentionally walked . Sanchez hit for Wilson . Harrison to third , Polanco to second on passed ball by Gosewisch . Sanchez struck out looking . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Melancon pitching for Pirates . Al Marte lined out to right . Gosewisch doubled to deep right center . Gosewisch to third on wild pitch by Melancon . Ahmed walked . An Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gosewisch scored , Ahmed out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 2 - Diamondbacks 3 .	D - backs top Pirates on disputed play in 10th