Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hand pitching for Marlins . Inciarte lined out to left . Pennington homered to left ( 367 feet ) . Peralta struck out swinging . Trumbo reached on infield single to third . Hill homered to left center ( 384 feet ) , Trumbo scored . Marte grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich singled to left . Solano singled to shallow right , Yelich to third . Stanton singled to left , Yelich scored , Solano to second . McGehee flied out to center , Solano to third . Jones singled to left , Solano scored , Stanton to second . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Jones out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hand pitching for Marlins . Gosewisch lined out to shortstop . Gregorius grounded out to second . Cahill grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna grounded out to third . Hechavarria struck out looking . Hand flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hand pitching for Marlins . Inciarte walked . Pennington grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inciarte out at second . Peralta struck out swinging . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Yelich lined out to center . Solano walked . Stanton walked , Solano to second . McGehee grounded into double play , third to second to first , Stanton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Hill grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to second . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones lined out to center . Saltalamacchia singled to left . Ozuna flied out to center . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Gregorius lined out to second . Cahill singled to right . Inciarte singled to left , Cahill to second . Pennington grounded out to first , Cahill to third , Inciarte to second . Peralta grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Hand grounded out to first . Yelich struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Trumbo lined out to center . Hill grounded out to third . Marte walked . Gosewisch grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton walked . McGehee grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Stanton out at second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hand pitching for Marlins . Gregorius flied out to right . Cahill flied out to center . Inciarte flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Saltalamacchia struck out swinging . Ozuna grounded out to third . Hechavarria singled to center . Johnson hit for Hand . Hechavarria to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Johnson hit by pitch . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Hechavarria to third , Johnson to second on wild pitch by Stites . Yelich walked . Solano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Yelich out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Morris pitching for Marlins . Pennington singled to left . Peralta sacrificed to catcher , Pennington to second . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher , Pennington to third . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Stanton grounded out to second . McGehee singled to right . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Baker hit for Jones . Baker walked , McGehee to second . Saltalamacchia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Baker out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Baker at first base . Dyson pitching for Marlins . Marte struck out swinging . Gosewisch lined out to right . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Ozuna lined out to left . Hechavarria lined out to shortstop . Valdespin hit for Dyson . Valdespin lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 3 - Marlins 2 .	Hill , Pennington lead D - Backs past Marlins , 3 - 2