Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Inciarte flied out to center . Hill lined out to left . Peralta homered to right center ( 395 feet ) . Trumbo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Span walked . Rendon lined out to left . Werth lined out to left . LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Montero lined out to shortstop . Pacheco singled to center . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pacheco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond singled to center . Harper struck out swinging . Desmond stole second . Cabrera walked . Lobaton struck out swinging . Strasburg lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Gregorius grounded out to first . Anderson grounded out to second . Inciarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Span singled to center . Span stole second . Rendon safe at first on error by shortstop Gregorius , Span to third . Werth singled to center , Span scored , Rendon to second . LaRoche walked , Rendon to third , Werth to second . Desmond singled to left , Rendon and Werth scored , LaRoche to second . Harper singled to right , LaRoche to third , Desmond to second . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera doubled to deep right center , LaRoche , Desmond and Harper scored . Lobaton struck out swinging . Strasburg struck out swinging . Span struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Hill doubled to deep right center . Peralta flied out to center . Trumbo struck out swinging . Montero grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Rendon walked . Werth flied out to right . LaRoche struck out swinging . Desmond popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Pacheco lined out to shortstop . Lamb grounded out to first . Gregorius flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Harper walked . Cabrera grounded out to third , Harper to second . Lobaton singled to center , Harper to third . Strasburg bunted into double play , pitcher to shortstop to second , Lobaton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . De La Rosa struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . Hill flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Span grounded out to second . Rendon singled to center . Werth singled to left , Rendon to second . LaRoche lined out to center . Rendon to third , Werth to second on balk by De La Rosa . Desmond singled to right , Rendon and Werth scored , Desmond to second advancing on throw . Harper lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Peralta walked . Trumbo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Peralta out at second . Montero flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera popped out to third . Lobaton grounded out to second . Strasburg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Pacheco lined out to right . Lamb struck out looking . Gregorius lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Gosewisch catching . Span grounded out to second . Rendon flied out to right . Werth singled to center . LaRoche flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Blevins pitching for Nationals . Gosewisch struck out swinging . Inciarte grounded out to second . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Nationals 8 .	Strasburg helps Nats run win streak to eight