Rockies - Top 1st . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to left . Stubbs struck out swinging . Blackmon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Inciarte flied out to center . Pennington walked . Peralta flied out to center . Trumbo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 2nd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to second . Dickerson grounded out to second . McKenry popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Montero walked . Lamb struck out swinging . Montero caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Marte lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 3rd . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Rutledge flied out to center . LeMahieu grounded out to shortstop . Bergman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Gregorius struck out looking . Collmenter grounded out to shortstop . Inciarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 4th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon grounded out to shortstop . Stubbs grounded out to third . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Pennington walked . Peralta grounded out to second , Pennington to second . Trumbo walked . Montero flied out to center , Pennington to third . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 5th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado popped out to shortstop . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop . McKenry struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Marte lined out to center . Gregorius struck out swinging . Collmenter doubled to deep right center . Inciarte lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 6th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Rutledge struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out looking . Bergman grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Bergman pitching for Rockies . Pennington struck out looking . Peralta tripled to deep right . Trumbo intentionally walked . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Trumbo to second on passed ball by McKenry . Montero struck out swinging . Peralta scored , Trumbo to third on wild pitch by Friedrich . Lamb grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 7th . Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon fouled out to third . Stubbs reached on bunt single to third . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau struck out swinging . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado doubled to deep right center , Stubbs scored . Arenado to third on wild pitch by Marshall . Dickerson popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Friedrich pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out swinging . Gregorius grounded out to pitcher . Pacheco hit for Marshall . Pacheco lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 8th . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . McKenry struck out swinging . Rutledge singled to shortstop . LeMahieu singled to right , Rutledge to second . Barnes hit for Friedrich . Barnes singled to right , Rutledge to third , LeMahieu to second . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to left , Rutledge scored , LeMahieu to third , Barnes to second . Stubbs flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Brothers pitching for Rockies . Inciarte walked . Pennington walked , Inciarte to second . Inciarte to third , Pennington to second on wild pitch by Brothers . Peralta walked . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Inciarte out at home , Pennington to third , Peralta to second . Montero struck out swinging . Lamb homered to center ( 427 feet ) , Pennington , Peralta and Trumbo scored . Marte struck out looking . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Morneau struck out swinging . Arenado grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Lamb 's slam gives Arizona 5 - 2 win over Rockies