Padres - Top 1st . Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte grounded out to third . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Gyorko grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Stults pitching for Padres . Inciarte doubled to left . Owings grounded out to pitcher , Inciarte to third . Pollock singled to right , Inciarte scored . Trumbo grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pollock out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera walked . Grandal singled to right center , Rivera to third . Liriano grounded out to third , Rivera scored , Grandal to second . Maybin tripled to deep right , Grandal scored . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maybin out at home . Stults grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Stults pitching for Padres . Montero flied out to left . Ross grounded out to third . Lamb singled to right center . Pennington flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte singled to center , Solarte to second on error by left fielder Inciarte . Spangenberg sacrificed to pitcher , Solarte to third . Gyorko hit ground rule double to deep left , Solarte scored . Rivera flied out to left . Grandal singled to center , Gyorko scored . Liriano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grandal out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Stults pitching for Padres . Nuno struck out looking . Inciarte singled to left . Owings lined out to left . Pollock grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Inciarte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin flied out to right . Amarista reached on infield single to pitcher . Stults sacrificed to third , Amarista to second . Amarista stole third . Solarte singled to left center , Amarista scored . Spangenberg flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Stults pitching for Padres . Trumbo grounded out to third . Montero walked . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Montero out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Nuno pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . Rivera homered to left ( 399 feet ) . Grandal struck out swinging . Liriano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Stults pitching for Padres . Lamb tripled to deep center . Pennington popped out to second . Reimold hit for Nuno . Reimold singled to left , Lamb scored . Inciarte lined out to center . Owings safe at first on error by third baseman Solarte , Reimold to second . Pollock homered to left center ( 395 feet ) , Reimold and Owings scored . Trumbo grounded out to pitcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Maybin grounded out to third . Amarista singled to right center , Amarista out stretching at second . Stults struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Stults pitching for Padres . Montero flied out to center . Ross struck out looking . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte grounded out to pitcher . Spangenberg flied out to center . Gyorko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Vincent pitching for Padres . Pennington struck out swinging . Marte hit for De La Rosa . Marte struck out looking . Inciarte lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera struck out looking . Grandal struck out swinging . Liriano walked . Maybin singled to right , Liriano to second . Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks . Liriano to third , Maybin to second on fielder 's indifference . Amarista flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Smith in left field . Thayer pitching for Padres . Owings grounded out to second . Pollock reached on infield single to shortstop . Trumbo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pollock out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Medica hit for Thayer . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Goebbert hit for Medica . Goebbert struck out swinging . Solarte grounded out to second . Smith walked . Gyorko singled to center , Smith to third . Gyorko stole second . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Quackenbush pitching for Padres . Montero grounded out to second . Ross singled to left center . Jackson ran for Ross . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jackson out at second . Pennington singled to center , Lamb to third . Hill hit for Reed . Hill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 6 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Stults , Padres hand D - backs 7th straight loss , 6 - 5