Padres - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte flied out to center . Smith struck out swinging . Gyorko grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Ross pitching for Padres . Inciarte doubled to left . Owings lined out to first . Pollock walked . Inciarte stole third , Pollock stole second . Trumbo singled to right center , Inciarte and Pollock scored . Hill singled to center , Trumbo to second . Ross struck out looking . Trumbo scored , Hill to third on wild pitch by Ross . Gosewisch struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Grandal grounded out to third . Rivera walked . Liriano flied out to center . Maybin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rivera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Ross pitching for Padres . Gregorius singled to center . Anderson sacrificed to catcher , Gregorius to second . Inciarte walked . Owings singled to center , Gregorius scored , Inciarte to third . Pollock safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Amarista , Inciarte scored , Owings to third . Trumbo grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Owings scored , Pollock to second . Hill struck out swinging . Pollock caught stealing third , catcher to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista flied out to center . Ross struck out looking . Solarte singled to right . Smith grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Ross pitching for Padres . Ross struck out swinging . Gosewisch grounded out to pitcher . Gregorius grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Gyorko struck out swinging . Grandal homered to right ( 414 feet ) . Rivera walked . Liriano struck out swinging . Maybin walked , Rivera to second . Amarista singled to right center , Rivera scored , Maybin to third . Spangenberg hit for Ross . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wieland pitching for Padres . Anderson grounded out to second . Inciarte lined out to right . Owings lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte grounded out to second . Smith lined out to second . Gyorko singled to deep right . Grandal grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wieland pitching for Padres . Pollock struck out looking . Trumbo doubled to deep center . Hill grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Trumbo out at third . Ross singled to right center , Hill to third . Gosewisch reached on infield single to shortstop , Hill scored , Ross to second . Garces pitching for Padres . Gregorius struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera tripled to deep center . Liriano struck out swinging . Maybin struck out swinging . Amarista singled to right , Rivera scored . Goebbert hit for Garces . Goebbert flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Alvarez pitching for Padres . Marte hit for Hudson . Marte struck out swinging . Inciarte walked . Inciarte stole second . Owings struck out looking . Pollock grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Solarte homered to left center ( 410 feet ) . Smith flied out to left . Gyorko struck out swinging . Grandal struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Campos pitching for Padres . Trumbo singled to deep center . Hill lined out to center . Ross singled to right center , Trumbo to second . Gosewisch flied out to right . Gregorius walked , Trumbo to third , Ross to second . Pacheco hit for Perez . Trumbo scored , Ross to third , Gregorius to second on wild pitch by Campos . Pacheco singled to center , Ross and Gregorius scored . Pacheco to second on wild pitch by Campos . Inciarte grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Rivera grounded out to shortstop . Liriano singled to center . Maybin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Liriano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Padres . Owings grounded out to second . Pollock grounded out to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Amarista flied out to center . Medica hit for Torres . Medica grounded out to shortstop . Moore hit for Solarte . Moore struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Diamondbacks 10 .	D - backs tag Padres ace Tyson Ross early in win