Cardinals - Top 1st . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter grounded out to second . Jay struck out swinging . Holliday fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Inciarte singled to center . Pollock walked , Inciarte to second . Peralta walked , Inciarte to third , Pollock to second . Trumbo hit sacrifice fly to center , Inciarte scored , Pollock to third . Montero singled to center , Pollock scored , Peralta to second . Lamb grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Montero out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Adams walked . Adams to second on wild pitch by Cahill . Peralta singled to left , Adams to third . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adams scored , Peralta out at second . Grichuk walked . Wong flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed flied out to right . Gregorius singled to center . Cahill struck out looking . Inciarte singled to right , Gregorius to third . Pollock walked , Inciarte to second . Peralta grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Wacha struck out looking . Carpenter grounded out to first . Jay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Trumbo struck out swinging . Montero lined out to center . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday walked . Adams flied out to center . Peralta flied out to left . Molina grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Gregorius flied out to center . Cahill lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Grichuk singled to center . Wong lined into double play , second to first , Grichuk doubled off first . Wacha struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Inciarte grounded out to pitcher . Pollock flied out to center . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Cahill pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter singled to center . Jay singled to right , Carpenter to second . Holliday flied out to right . Adams singled to right , Carpenter to third , Jay to second . Peralta doubled to deep center , Carpenter and Jay scored , Adams to third . Harris pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina hit sacrifice fly to right , Adams scored , Peralta to third . Grichuk struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Trumbo singled to left . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Montero struck out swinging . Lamb grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Trumbo out at second . Maness pitching for Cardinals . Ahmed grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Perez pitching for Diamondbacks . Wong reached on infield single to second . Bourjos hit for Maness . Bourjos walked , Wong to second . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher , Wong scored , Bourjos to third . Jay singled to left , Bourjos scored . Holliday walked , Jay to second . Garcia ran for Holliday . Adams struck out swinging . Stites pitching for Diamondbacks . Peralta flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Jay in left field . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Bourjos in center field . Gregorius reached on infield single to first . Pennington hit for Stites . Pennington flied out to center . Inciarte singled to shallow left , Gregorius to third . Martinez pitching for Cardinals . Pollock grounded out to shortstop , Gregorius scored , Inciarte to second . Peralta flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks . Molina struck out swinging . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong singled to center . Bourjos flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Neshek pitching for Cardinals . Trumbo flied out to center . Montero reached on infield single to first . Lamb singled to right , Montero to second . Ahmed singled to center , Montero to third , Lamb to second . Gregorius singled to center , Montero and Lamb scored , Ahmed to second . Pacheco hit for De La Rosa . Pacheco popped out to shortstop . Inciarte hit ground rule double to deep left , Ahmed scored , Gregorius to third . Pollock popped out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Reed pitching for Diamondbacks . Carpenter struck out looking . Jay flied out to center . Taveras hit for Neshek . Taveras grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Gonzales pitching for Cardinals . Ross hit for Peralta . Ross walked . Jackson ran for Ross . Trumbo popped out to shortstop . Montero popped out to shortstop . Lamb safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Carpenter , Jackson to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 10th . Jackson in right field . Marshall pitching for Diamondbacks . Adams doubled to deep right . Descalso ran for Adams . Peralta singled to center , Descalso scored . Molina grounded out to second , Peralta to second . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong intentionally walked . Bourjos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Descalso at first base . Gregorius lined out to center . Gosewisch hit for Marshall . Gosewisch grounded out to first . Inciarte flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 7 - Diamondbacks 6 .	Cards hold NL Central lead