Yankees - Top 1st . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Jeter doubled to deep right . Granderson tripled to deep right , Jeter scored . Teixeira grounded out to second , Granderson scored . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano hit by pitch . Martin walked , Cano to second . Cano to third , Martin to second on wild pitch by Bergesen . Posada walked . Swisher doubled to deep left , Cano , Martin and Posada scored . Gardner struck out looking . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Andino flied out to right . Hardy struck out swinging . Markakis hit by pitch . Guerrero singled to right , Markakis to third . Jones grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Guerrero out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson lined out to second . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Pie bunt popped out to third . Reynolds struck out swinging . Fox grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano grounded out to shortstop . Martin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Snyder struck out looking . Andino grounded out to second . Hardy safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Bergesen pitching for Orioles . Posada flied out to center . Swisher walked . Gardner tripled to deep right , Swisher scored . Jeter tripled to deep right , Gardner scored . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Teixeira homered to right ( 376 feet ) , Jeter scored . Rodriguez flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Guerrero struck out swinging . Jones popped out to second . Pie grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Cano singled to right center . Martin singled to center , Cano to second . Posada walked , Cano to third , Martin to second . Swisher singled to shallow right , Cano scored , Martin to third , Posada to second . Gardner struck out looking . Jeter flied out to right . Granderson flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Reynolds grounded out to pitcher . Fox doubled to deep right . Snyder grounded out to shortstop . Andino singled to left , Fox to third . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Andino out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Teixeira grounded out to first . Rodriguez walked . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rodriguez out at second . Martin singled to left center , Cano to second . Posada doubled to deep right , Cano scored , Martin to third . Swisher grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Markakis struck out looking . Guerrero singled to deep center , Guerrero out stretching at second . Jones hit ground rule double to deep right center . Pie lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Jakubauskas pitching for Orioles . Gardner lined out to second . Jeter grounded out to second . Granderson singled to right . Patton pitching for Orioles . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Reynolds struck out looking . Fox struck out swinging . Snyder lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Jones hit for Rodriguez . Patton pitching for Orioles . Jones struck out swinging . Cano walked . Martin flied out to center . Posada flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Nunez at third base . Jones in left field . Gardner in center field . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Andino singled to right . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Andino out at second . Markakis singled to left . Guerrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Patton pitching for Orioles . Swisher struck out swinging . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Nunez homered to left ( 395 feet ) , Gardner scored . Teixeira flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Nunez at second base . Cervelli catching . Martin at third base . Sanit pitching for Yankees . Jones singled to center . Pie singled to right , Jones to second . Reynolds hit ground rule double to deep right center , Jones scored , Pie to third . Fox grounded out to third , Pie scored . Snyder hit by pitch . Andino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Reynolds safe at third on error by third baseman Martin , Snyder to second . Hardy lined out to shortstop . Markakis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 13 - Orioles 2 .	Yanks pound Orioles behind CC