Blue Jays - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Escobar flied out to right . Patterson struck out swinging . Bautista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to third . Granderson popped out to third . Teixeira singled to right center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rivera singled to deep left . Arencibia grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rivera out at second . Hill flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Cano flied out to left . Martin homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Swisher flied out to left . Gardner walked . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Davis singled to left . McDonald flied out to right . Escobar singled to center , Davis to third . Patterson singled to right , Davis scored , Escobar to third . Bautista struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson singled to center . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . Rodriguez singled to right , Teixeira to second . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rivera doubled to deep center . Arencibia singled to center , Rivera scored . Hill flied out to right . Encarnacion singled to right , Arencibia to third . Davis singled to right , Arencibia scored , Encarnacion to third . McDonald sacrificed to first , Encarnacion scored , Davis to second , McDonald safe at first on error by second baseman Cano . Davis to third on error by second baseman Cano . Escobar sacrificed to pitcher , McDonald to second . Patterson walked . Bautista grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Patterson out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Martin struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rivera grounded out to third . Arencibia flied out to center . Hill grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Nunez grounded out to third . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Granderson singled to right . Granderson caught stealing second , pitcher to first to second . Teixeira batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion fouled out to catcher . Davis flied out to left . McDonald flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira walked . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Teixeira out at second . Cano doubled to deep center . Martin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Escobar grounded out to third . Patterson fouled out to shortstop . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Romero pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher struck out swinging . Gardner walked . Nunez singled to center , Gardner to second . Jeter grounded into double play , third to first , Gardner out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Rivera grounded out to first . Arencibia grounded out to second . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson doubled to right . Teixeira grounded out to second , Granderson to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Rzepczynski pitching for Blue Jays . Cano doubled to deep right center , Granderson scored . Martin singled to center , Cano scored . Swisher flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion flied out to right . Davis struck out swinging . McDonald grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Francisco pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner grounded out to first . Posada hit for Nunez . Posada doubled to right center . Dickerson ran for Posada . Jeter grounded out to shortstop , Dickerson to third . Granderson singled to right , Dickerson scored . Granderson stole second . Teixeira singled to shallow right , Granderson scored . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 4 - Yankees 5 .	Yanks walk off vs. Jays