Yankees - Top 1st . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jeter singled to center . Granderson homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Jeter scored . Teixeira singled to left . Rodriguez popped out to second . Cano grounded out to second , Teixeira to second . Martin popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Crisp grounded out to pitcher . DeJesus walked . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , DeJesus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Swisher walked . Jones popped out to first . Gardner lined into double play , shortstop to first , Swisher doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Willingham flied out to right . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Rodriguez . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Suzuki out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Jeter safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis . Granderson struck out looking . Teixeira flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Kouzmanoff singled to left , Kouzmanoff out stretching at second . LaRoche tripled to deep right . Crisp struck out swinging . DeJesus singled to right center , LaRoche scored . Jackson flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Martin flied out to center . Swisher singled to center . Jones singled to right , Swisher to third . Swisher caught stealing home , catcher to third to catcher to shortstop , Jones to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gardner hit by pitch . Jeter reached on infield single to second , Jones to third , Gardner to second . Granderson singled to right , Jones and Gardner scored , Jeter to third . Teixeira grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Willingham struck out swinging . Sweeney singled to left . Suzuki struck out swinging . Ellis singled to center , Sweeney to second . Kouzmanoff walked , Sweeney to third , Ellis to second . LaRoche grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kouzmanoff out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez singled to left center . Cano homered to right ( 410 feet ) , Rodriguez scored . Martin struck out swinging . Swisher flied out to left . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Crisp tripled to deep right . DeJesus homered to right ( 378 feet ) , Crisp scored . Jackson grounded out to third . Willingham struck out swinging . Sweeney lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Anderson pitching for Athletics . Gardner grounded out to second . Jeter walked . Granderson singled to right , Jeter to second . Jeter stole third , Granderson stole second . Teixeira intentionally walked . Ziegler pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter and Granderson scored , Teixeira to third . Cano struck out swinging , Teixeira scored , Rodriguez stole second . Martin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . Suzuki flied out to center . Ellis doubled to deep center . Kouzmanoff lined into double play , pitcher to second , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Wuertz pitching for Athletics . Swisher grounded out to first . Jones walked . Gardner grounded out to first , Jones to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Yankees . LaRoche singled to right . Crisp flied out to center . DeJesus struck out swinging . Jackson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LaRoche out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Powell catching . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Granderson flied out to left . Teixeira flied out to right . Nunez hit for Rodriguez . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Nunez at third base . Cervelli catching . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Willingham flied out to left . Sweeney struck out looking . Powell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Cano hit by pitch . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cano out at second . Swisher flied out to right . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Pendleton pitching for Yankees . Dickerson in left field . Gardner in center field . Ellis grounded out to second . Kouzmanoff grounded out to third . LaRoche walked . Crisp flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 10 - Athletics 3 .	Granderson HR helps Yankees beat A 's again \n\n