Rangers - Top 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Kinsler grounded out to first . Andrus grounded out to first . Hamilton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Gardner grounded out to second . Granderson popped out to second . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Young flied out to right . Beltre struck out swinging . Cruz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Ogando pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez singled to center . Cano popped out to third . Posada doubled to right , Rodriguez to third . Swisher walked . Nunez singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Posada to third , Swisher to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Gardner singled to left , Posada scored , Swisher to third , Nunez to second . Granderson singled to right , Swisher and Nunez scored , Gardner to third . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Gardner and Granderson scored . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Rodriguez flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Moreland struck out swinging . Torrealba grounded out to second . Gentry flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Cano grounded out to second . Posada fouled out to first . Swisher homered to left ( 365 feet ) . Nunez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Kinsler singled to center . Andrus singled to center , Kinsler to second . Hamilton grounded out to catcher , Kinsler to third , Andrus to second . Young singled to center , Kinsler and Andrus scored . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . Cruz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher . Gardner walked . Granderson flied out to right . Teixeira hit by pitch , Gardner to second . Rodriguez doubled to deep left center , Gardner and Teixeira scored . Cano popped out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Moreland reached on infield single to third . Torrealba singled to right center , Moreland to second . Gentry doubled to left , Moreland scored , Torrealba to third . Kinsler popped out to second . Andrus grounded out to shortstop , Torrealba scored , Gentry to third . Hamilton flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Kirkman pitching for Rangers . Posada struck out swinging . Swisher doubled to left . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Nunez fouled out to shortstop . Cervelli flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Young struck out swinging . Beltre singled to right . Cruz struck out swinging . Moreland flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Tateyama pitching for Rangers . Gardner reached on infield single to shortstop . Gardner stole second . Granderson homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Gardner scored . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez grounded out to catcher . Cano homered to right ( 375 feet ) . Posada grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Torrealba singled to left . Gentry flied out to right . Kinsler flied out to center . Andrus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Torrealba out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Rhodes pitching for Rangers . Swisher struck out looking . Nunez singled to left . Cervelli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nunez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Hamilton struck out looking . Young grounded out to third . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Bush pitching for Rangers . Gardner singled to right . Jones struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Pendleton pitching for Yankees . Cruz walked . Moreland struck out swinging . Torrealba walked , Cruz to second . Gentry flied out to center . Kinsler struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 4 - Yankees 12 .	Granderson , Yanks tag Ogando , roll Rangers