Athletics - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Yankees . Weeks struck out looking . Crisp struck out swinging . Matsui singled to left . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Yankees . DeJesus grounded out to first . Jackson flied out to center . Suzuki doubled to left . Pennington singled to right , Suzuki scored , Pennington to second advancing on throw . Sogard doubled to deep center , Pennington scored . Weeks flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Martin singled to center . Martin stole second . Jones singled to center , Martin scored . Nunez flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Crisp grounded out to shortstop . Matsui singled to left . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Laird safe at first on error by shortstop Pennington . Jeter walked , Laird to second . Granderson flied out to center . Teixeira grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Jeter out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Colon pitching for Yankees . DeJesus grounded out to second . Jackson singled to center . Suzuki flied out to center . Pennington grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Cano grounded out to second . Swisher flied out to right . Martin hit by pitch . Jones walked , Martin to second . Nunez doubled to deep left , Martin and Jones scored . Laird struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Sogard walked . Weeks flied out to center . Crisp flied out to left . Matsui doubled to deep center , Sogard thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Gonzalez pitching for Athletics . Jeter walked . Granderson homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Jeter scored . Teixeira singled to center . Cano grounded out to catcher , Teixeira to second . Swisher struck out swinging . Martin singled to right , Teixeira to third . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Teixeira scored , Martin to second . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jones out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Willingham struck out looking . DeJesus safe at first on error by second baseman Cano . Jackson flied out to center . Suzuki struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 6th . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Laird walked . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Pennington singled to right . Pennington caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Sogard fouled out to third . Weeks grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Cano singled to center . Swisher popped out to shortstop . Martin struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Dickerson in left field . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Crisp doubled to right . Matsui doubled to left center , Crisp scored . Willingham walked . DeJesus struck out swinging . Jackson fouled out to third . Suzuki doubled to deep center , Matsui scored , Willingham to third . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Pennington grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Devine pitching for Athletics . Nunez singled to left . Laird sacrificed to catcher , Nunez to second . Nunez stole third . Jeter grounded out to shortstop , Nunez scored . Granderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Gardner in left field . Dickerson in right field . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Sogard grounded out to shortstop . Weeks singled to right center . Crisp reached on infield single to second , Weeks to second . Matsui singled to right , Weeks to third , Crisp to second . Willingham singled to left , Weeks scored , Crisp to third , Matsui to second . Sweeney ran for Willingham . DeJesus lined into double play , to first , Sweeney doubled off first . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Yankees 7 .	Colon halts skid ; Rivera helps Yanks stop A 's