Athletics - Top 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Weeks singled to center . Weeks stole second . Crisp sacrificed to first , Weeks to third . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to center , Weeks scored . Willingham struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Jeter tripled to deep right . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to second , Jeter scored . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Allen struck out looking . DeJesus tripled to right . Pennington doubled to right , DeJesus scored . Recker struck out swinging . Sizemore struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Cano singled to center . Swisher struck out swinging . Martin singled to left , Cano to second . Nunez reached on infield single to third , Cano to third , Martin to second . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Weeks singled to center . Crisp struck out swinging . Matsui singled to right , Weeks to second . Willingham singled to shallow left , Weeks scored , Matsui to second . Allen flied out to left . DeJesus singled to right , Matsui scored , Willingham to third . Wade pitching for Yankees . Pennington homered to right ( 381 feet ) , Willingham and DeJesus scored . Recker walked . Sizemore struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Granderson flied out to center . Teixeira fouled out to catcher . Rodriguez singled to left . Cano lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wade pitching for Yankees . Weeks singled to center . Crisp flied out to center . Weeks stole second . Matsui grounded out to second , Weeks to third . Willingham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Swisher struck out swinging . Martin homered to right ( 349 feet ) . Nunez struck out swinging . Gardner flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Allen reached on infield single to third . DeJesus reached on bunt single to pitcher , Allen to second . Pennington flied out to center , Allen to third . Recker struck out swinging . Sizemore walked , DeJesus to second . Weeks grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Jeter singled to center . Granderson walked , Jeter to second . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter to third , Granderson to second . Cano homered to right ( 379 feet ) , Jeter , Granderson and Rodriguez scored . Swisher doubled to deep right . Breslow pitching for Athletics . Martin walked . Nunez singled to shallow left , Swisher to third , Martin to second . Gardner popped out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Crisp grounded out to second . Matsui doubled to deep right center . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . Logan pitching for Yankees . Allen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics . Granderson hit by pitch . Teixeira lined out to left . De Los Santos pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez walked , Granderson to second . Granderson to third , Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by De Los Santos . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher intentionally walked . Martin homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Granderson , Rodriguez and Swisher scored . Nunez singled to center . Norberto pitching for Athletics . Gardner walked , Nunez to second . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop , Nunez tagged out at home , Gardner to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Logan pitching for Yankees . DeJesus struck out swinging . Pennington struck out swinging . Recker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Norberto pitching for Athletics . Granderson walked . Teixeira walked , Granderson to second . Rodriguez walked , Granderson to third , Teixeira to second . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Granderson scored , Teixeira to third . Swisher walked , Rodriguez to second . Billings pitching for Athletics . Martin singled to shallow right , Teixeira scored , Rodriguez to third , Swisher to second . Nunez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez scored , Martin out at second , Swisher to third . Gardner walked , Nunez to second . Jeter walked , Swisher scored , Nunez to third , Gardner to second . Granderson reached on infield single to first , Nunez scored , Gardner to third , Jeter to second . Teixeira walked , Gardner scored , Jeter to third , Granderson to second . Rodriguez lined out to third . 6 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Jones in right field . Chavez at third base . Swisher at first base . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Sizemore homered to right ( 341 feet ) . Weeks struck out swinging . Sweeney hit for Crisp . Sweeney struck out swinging . Matsui flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Sweeney in center field . Sogard at shortstop . Cervelli hit for Cano . Billings pitching for Athletics . Cervelli singled to left . Swisher struck out swinging . Martin doubled to deep left center , Cervelli to third . Nunez walked . Gardner singled to right , Cervelli scored , Martin to third , Nunez to second . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson homered to right center ( 396 feet ) , Martin , Nunez and Gardner scored . Fuentes pitching for Athletics . Jones homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Chavez grounded out to catcher . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Cervelli catching . Posada at second base . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Willingham hit ground rule double to right . Allen doubled to left , Willingham scored . DeJesus flied out to right , Allen to third . Sogard lined out to first . Recker grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 9 - Yankees 22 .	Yanks hit record 3 grand slams