Yankees - Top 1st . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson struck out looking . Teixeira grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . McCoy singled to shallow center . Thames struck out swinging . Bautista singled to shallow right , McCoy to third . Encarnacion grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCoy scored , Bautista out at second . Encarnacion stole second . Lind struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Cano singled to right , Cano out stretching at second . Swisher grounded out to third . Chavez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Lawrie grounded out to second . Rasmus struck out swinging . Arencibia popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to second . Martin struck out swinging . Gardner walked . Gardner stole second . Gardner stole third . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Johnson singled to left . McCoy reached on bunt single to first , Johnson to second . Thames flied out to center , Johnson to third . Bautista walked , McCoy to second . Encarnacion grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Johnson out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson walked . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Granderson out at second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Teixeira out at second . Swisher doubled to center , Cano scored . Chavez homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Swisher scored . Posada flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Lind singled to center . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out swinging . Arencibia flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Martin grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to second . Jeter struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Johnson singled to center . McCoy struck out swinging . Thames struck out swinging . Bautista walked , Johnson to second . Encarnacion walked , Johnson to third , Bautista to second . Lind doubled to left , Johnson , Bautista and Encarnacion scored . Lawrie reached on infield single to pitcher , Lind to third . Rasmus grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson grounded out to second . Teixeira flied out to left . Cano doubled to right . Swisher singled to left , Cano scored . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Arencibia grounded out to shortstop . Johnson singled to center . McCoy singled to shallow right , Johnson to second . Thames struck out looking . Bautista walked , Johnson to third , McCoy to second . Ayala pitching for Yankees . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Litsch pitching for Blue Jays . Posada grounded out to first . Martin grounded out to third . Gardner flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Lind struck out swinging . Lawrie struck out swinging . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to second . Granderson popped out to shortstop . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Arencibia doubled to shallow left . Wise ran for Arencibia . Johnson walked . McCoy struck out looking . Thames grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second , Wise to third . Bautista intentionally walked , Thames to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Molina catching . Janssen pitching for Blue Jays . Cano flied out to center . Swisher grounded out to second . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Lind doubled to deep right . Loewen ran for Lind . Lawrie intentionally walked . Rasmus bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Loewen out at third , Lawrie to second . Wade pitching for Yankees . Molina singled to right center , Lawrie scored , Rasmus to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Blue Jays 5 .	Jays spoil CC 's bid for 20 wins