Yankees - Top 1st . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson reached on bunt single to pitcher . Teixeira grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Granderson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Colon pitching for Yankees . McCoy flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to second . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Cano bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez singled to center . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Lind singled to center . Cooper singled to center , Lind to third . Rasmus doubled to deep right center , Lind scored , Cooper to third . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop , Cooper scored . Loewen walked . Molina hit ground rule double to deep left , Rasmus scored , Loewen to third . McCoy sacrificed to first , Loewen scored , Molina to third . Johnson struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Montero reached on infield single to third . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Montero out at second . Romine grounded out to third , Gardner to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Bautista grounded out to shortstop . Lind popped out to third . Cooper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson walked . Teixeira doubled to center , Granderson to third . Cano hit sacrifice fly to left , Granderson scored , Teixeira to third , Cano to second on error by left fielder Loewen . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Swisher flied out into unassisted double play , Cano out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Colon pitching for Yankees . Rasmus reached on bunt single to third . Lawrie singled to center , Rasmus to second . Loewen struck out looking . Molina lined out to left . McCoy doubled to deep right , Rasmus and Lawrie scored , McCoy to third on error by catcher Romine . Johnson popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 5th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Montero struck out looking . Gardner tripled to left . Romine popped out to second . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Bautista walked . Lind grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bautista out at second . Cooper struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Alvarez pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson hit ground rule double to deep right . Teixeira singled to center , Granderson scored , Teixeira to second on error by center fielder Rasmus . Teixeira to third on wild pitch by Alvarez . Cano hit by pitch . Rodriguez homered to left ( 413 feet ) , Teixeira and Cano scored . Swisher grounded out to third . Montero flied out to center . Gardner singled to left . Romine grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Laffey pitching for Yankees . Rasmus fouled out to third . Lawrie flied out to center . Loewen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Villanueva pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Granderson homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Jeter scored . Teixeira grounded out to third . Cano grounded out to first . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Noesi pitching for Yankees . Teahen hit for Molina . Teahen struck out swinging . McCoy grounded out to shortstop . Johnson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Thames in left field . Arencibia catching . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher flied out to center . Montero struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Dickerson in right field . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Bautista struck out swinging . Lind struck out swinging . Cooper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Chavez hit for Romine . Drabek pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez struck out swinging . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson walked . Teixeira flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 9th . Martin catching . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Rasmus struck out looking . Lawrie grounded out to first . Thames flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 7 - Blue Jays 6 .	Rivera ties MLB mark at 601 \n\n