Rays - Top 1st . Colon pitching for Yankees . Jennings singled to center . Upton hit by pitch , Jennings to second . Longoria walked , Jennings to third , Upton to second . Joyce singled to right , Jennings scored , Upton to third , Longoria to second , Upton scored , Longoria to third on error by right fielder Swisher . Damon hit sacrifice fly to left , Longoria scored . Zobrist singled to right , Joyce to third . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Zobrist out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Moore pitching for Rays . Jeter struck out swinging . Nunez grounded out to pitcher . Teixeira struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Jaso struck out swinging . Brignac grounded out to second . Jennings safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Upton tripled to center , Jennings scored . Longoria doubled to right , Upton scored . Joyce grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Moore pitching for Rays . Swisher singled to left . Jones struck out swinging . Montero walked , Swisher to second . Posada struck out looking . Laird struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Colon pitching for Yankees . Damon singled to center . Zobrist homered to right ( 385 feet ) , Damon scored . Kotchman grounded out to third . Jaso popped out to shortstop . Brignac flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Moore pitching for Rays . Golson struck out swinging . Jeter struck out swinging . Nunez reached on infield single to second . Nunez to second on wild pitch by Moore . Teixeira lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Jennings walked . Upton homered to left center ( 417 feet ) , Jennings scored . Longoria safe at first on error by shortstop Jeter . Joyce flied out to left . Damon homered to right ( 380 feet ) , Longoria scored . Zobrist singled to center . Kotchman walked , Zobrist to second . Jaso flied out to center , Zobrist to third . Brignac singled to center , Zobrist scored , Kotchman to second . Jennings popped out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Pena hit for Swisher . Rodriguez at third base . Moore pitching for Rays . Pena popped out to first . Jones struck out swinging . Montero singled to left . Posada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Dickerson in right field . Pena at shortstop . Laffey pitching for Yankees . Upton singled to deep right . Rodriguez singled to left , Upton to second . Joyce flied out to center . Canzler hit for Damon . Canzler singled to right center , Upton to third , Rodriguez to second . Zobrist hit sacrifice fly to right , Upton scored . Kotchman singled to right , Rodriguez to third , Canzler to second . Jaso struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Johnson at first base . Ruggiano in left field . Moore pitching for Rays . Laird singled to right . Golson flied out to center . Dickerson struck out swinging . Nunez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Laffey pitching for Yankees . Brignac flied out to left . Johnson lined out to right . Brackman pitching for Yankees . Upton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Guyer in left field . Ruggiano in center field . De La Rosa pitching for Rays . Romine hit for Teixeira . Romine struck out swinging . Pena singled to left . Jones homered to left center ( 410 feet ) , Pena scored . Montero singled to left . Posada singled to right , Montero to second . Laird struck out swinging . Golson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Brackman pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Joyce walked . Canzler flied out to right . Zobrist safe at first on error by right fielder Dickerson , Joyce to second . Johnson ran for Zobrist . Ruggiano singled to left , Joyce to third , Johnson to second . Jaso lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Johnson at second base . De La Rosa pitching for Rays . Dickerson grounded out to first . Nunez singled to right . Nunez to second on wild pitch by De La Rosa . Romine singled to right , Nunez to third . Pena singled to shallow right , Nunez scored , Romine to third . Jones singled to shallow left , Romine scored , Pena to second . Torres pitching for Rays . Montero doubled to deep center , Pena and Jones scored . Posada struck out swinging . Laird grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Betances pitching for Yankees . Brignac flied out to center . Johnson walked . Guyer walked , Johnson to second . Rodriguez walked , Johnson to third , Guyer to second . Joyce hit by pitch , Johnson scored , Guyer to third , Rodriguez to second . Canzler hit sacrifice fly to center , Guyer scored , Rodriguez to third . Johnson walked , Joyce to second . Kontos pitching for Yankees . Ruggiano struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Torres pitching for Rays . Golson grounded out to third . Dickerson reached on infield single to second . Nunez walked , Dickerson to second . Romine walked , Dickerson to third , Nunez to second . Pena safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Johnson , Dickerson and Nunez scored , Romine to second . Gomes pitching for Rays . Jones popped out to third . Montero walked , Romine to third , Pena to second . McGee pitching for Rays . Posada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Top 9th . Kontos pitching for Yankees . Jaso singled to right center . Brignac flied out to center . Johnson flied out to left . Guyer popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Fuld in right field . Cruz pitching for Rays . Laird flied out to right . Golson grounded out to shortstop . Dickerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 15 - Yankees 8 .	Wild card : Rays roll , 2 back