Royals - Top 1st. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford singled to left. Randa homered to left center, Relaford scored. Beltran reached on infield triple to first. Sweeney walked. Ibanez walked, Beltran to third, Sweeney to second. Harvey walked, Beltran scored, Sweeney to third, Ibanez to second. Mayne grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney scored, Harvey out at second, Ibanez to third. Berroa singled to left, Ibanez scored. Brown struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Stewart grounded out to pitcher. Catalanotto flied out to left. Wells flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford hit by pitch. Randa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Relaford out at second. Beltran homered to center. Sweeney homered to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Delgado homered to right. Phelps grounded out to second. Hinske struck out looking. Wilson singled to center. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Harvey grounded out to third. Mayne singled to right. Berroa flied out to right. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart lined out to right. Catalanotto doubled to left. Wells fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford struck out swinging. Randa doubled to right. Beltran walked. Sweeney singled to left, Randa scored, Beltran to second. Ibanez singled to right, Beltran to third, Sweeney to second. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Harvey struck out swinging. Mayne flied out to left. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Delgado doubled to right center. Phelps flied out to center. Hinske grounded out to shortstop, Delgado to third. Wilson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa singled to right. Brown flied out to left. Relaford singled to left, Berroa to second. Randa struck out swinging. Beltran struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Berg flied out to center. Woodward fouled out to shortstop. Stewart safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. Catalanotto singled to center, Stewart to second. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Catalanotto out at second, Stewart to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney struck out swinging. Ibanez singled to left. Harvey grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. Mayne singled to center, Harvey to third. Berroa walked, Mayne to second. Brown flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Delgado flied out to center. Phelps walked. Hinske struck out swinging. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford flied out to center. Randa struck out looking. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Royals. Berg singled to right. Woodward flied out to right. Stewart doubled to left, Berg scored. Catalanotto lined out to left. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney flied out to left. Berger hit for Ibanez. Berger grounded out to second. Harvey doubled to right. Berger in right field. Lopez pitching for Royals. Brown in left field. Lopez at first base. Mayne struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Delgado doubled to right. Phelps doubled to left center, Delgado scored. Hinske struck out swinging. Wilson walked. Myers hit for Woodward. Berg lined out to right. Bordick at shortstop. Myers singled to center, Phelps scored, Wilson to second, Wilson tagged out at third attempting to advance on throw. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Kershner pitching for Blue Jays. Berroa flied out to center. Brown hit ground rule double to left. Relaford singled to center, Brown scored. Randa flied out to right. Beltran safe at first on error by left fielder Stewart, Relaford to third. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 9th. Bukvich pitching for Royals. Stewart singled to left. Catalanotto reached on infield single to first, Stewart to second. Wells walked, Stewart to third, Catalanotto to second. Delgado grounded out to second, Stewart scored, Catalanotto to third, Wells to second. Phelps doubled to right, Catalanotto and Wells scored. Werth ran for Phelps. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Relaford at third base. Febles at second base. Hinske doubled to deep right, Werth to third. Wilson hit by pitch. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to third, Werth scored, Hinske out at third, Wilson to second. Bordick singled to center, Wilson scored, Berg to second. Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop, Berg to third, Bordick to second, Berg scored on throwing error by shortstop Berroa. 6 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 9 - Blue Jays 10.	Blue crush: Toronto rallies past Royals in ninth