Blue Jays - Top 1st. George pitching for Royals. Stewart struck out looking. Bordick struck out swinging. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Relaford lined out to shortstop. Randa grounded out to shortstop. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. George pitching for Royals. Delgado flied out to center. Wilson singled to right center. Wilson to second on wild pitch by George. Phelps walked. Catalanotto struck out looking. Hudson singled to center, Wilson scored, Phelps to second. Woodward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Sweeney singled to left. Ibanez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. Harvey popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. George pitching for Royals. Stewart singled to left. Bordick walked, Stewart to second. Wells doubled to left, Stewart scored, Bordick to third. Delgado grounded out to pitcher, Bordick scored, Wells to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to center, Wells scored. Phelps singled to left. Catalanotto flied out to right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Brown flied out to left. Difelice lined out to center. Berroa reached on infield single to second. Relaford singled to center, Berroa to second. Randa lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. George pitching for Royals. Hudson lined out to pitcher. Woodward struck out swinging. Stewart singled to left. Bordick singled to right, Stewart to third. Stewart scored, Bordick to second on wild pitch by George. Wells struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Beltran grounded out to third. Sweeney singled to center. Ibanez struck out swinging. Harvey grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. George pitching for Royals. Delgado hit by pitch. Wilson flied out to right. Phelps lined out to center. Catalanotto lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Brown grounded out to second. Difelice popped out to shortstop. Berroa walked. Gilfillan pitching for Royals. Relaford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berroa out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Gilfillan pitching for Royals. Hudson singled to left. Woodward singled to center, Hudson to second. Stewart reached on infield single to first, Hudson to third, Woodward to second. Bordick struck out swinging. Hudson scored, Woodward to third, Stewart to second on wild pitch by Gilfillan. Woodward scored, Stewart to third on wild pitch by Gilfillan. Wells homered to left, Stewart scored. Delgado walked. Wilson singled to right, Delgado to second. Phelps struck out swinging. Catalanotto grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Randa reached on infield single to second. Beltran grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Randa out at second. Sweeney popped out to third. Lopez pitching for Royals. Lopez at third base. Ibanez lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Hudson grounded out to second. Woodward grounded out to third. Stewart walked. Bordick flied out to shallow right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Harvey flied out to shallow right center. Brown flied out to left center. Difelice doubled to deep right center. Berroa reached on infield single to shortstop, Difelice to third, Difelice scored on throwing error by shortstop Woodward. Relaford singled to center, Berroa to second. Lopez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Wells doubled to left. Delgado singled to right, Wells to third. Wilson singled to center, Wells scored, Delgado to second. Lowe pitching for Royals. Delgado to third, Wilson to second on wild pitch by Lowe. Phelps doubled to deep right center, Delgado and Wilson scored, Phelps to third. Catalanotto doubled to deep right center, Delgado and Wilson scored, Phelps to third. Hudson grounded out to third, Phelps scored, Catalanotto to third. Johnson hit for Stewart. Woodward singled to left, Catalanotto scored. Johnson doubled to left, Woodward to third. Bordick grounded out to second, Woodward scored, Johnson to third. Wells singled to left center, Johnson scored. Johnson in right field. Catalanotto in left field. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Delgado grounded out to second. 7 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Beltran walked. Beltran to second on wild pitch by Creek. Sweeney grounded out to catcher. Ibanez grounded out to second, Beltran to third. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Harvey lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. MacDougal pitching for Royals. Wilson struck out swinging. Phelps singled to center. Catalanotto grounded out to first, Phelps to second. Hudson hit by pitch. Woodward singled to right center, Phelps scored, Hudson to third. Johnson reached on infield single to pitcher, Hudson scored, Woodward to second, Woodward to third, Johnson to second on throwing error by pitcher MacDougal. Bordick grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Creek pitching for Blue Jays. Brown reached on infield single to pitcher. Febles hit for Berroa. Difelice singled to left, Brown to second. Febles flied out to left center. Relaford lined into double play, pitcher to first, Difelice doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 18 - Royals 1.	Blue Jays take batting practice against Royals