White Sox - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Jimenez flied out to left. Lee flied out to right. Rios grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Colon pitching for White Sox. Johnson flied out to right. Catalanotto struck out looking. Wells lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez struck out swinging. Daubach grounded out to third. Crede grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Delgado doubled to right. Myers struck out swinging. Phelps struck out looking. Delgado to third on wild pitch by Colon. Hudson reached on infield single to shortstop, Delgado scored. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hudson out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Valentin lined out to right. Olivo flied out to left. Borchard homered to right. Jimenez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Colon pitching for White Sox. Woodward grounded out to third. Johnson lined out to right. Catalanotto grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Lee singled to center. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lee out at second. Ordonez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Wells grounded out to second. Delgado singled to center. Myers grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Delgado out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Daubach struck out swinging. Crede grounded out to third. Valentin singled to left. Valentin stole second. Olivo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Phelps hit by pitch. Hudson singled to right center, Phelps to third, Hudson to second advancing on throw. Berg grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phelps scored on error by second baseman Jimenez, Hudson safe at third on error by second baseman Jimenez. Woodward grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hudson scored, Berg out at second. Johnson walked. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Catalanotto batting. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Borchard grounded out to second. Jimenez struck out looking. Lee singled to center. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Catalanotto flied out to left. Wells lined out to left. Delgado doubled to deep right. Wilson singled to left, Delgado scored, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Phelps struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez doubled to deep left center. Daubach struck out swinging. Crede popped out to shortstop. Valentin grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Hudson flied out to right center. Berg struck out looking. Woodward flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Olivo struck out swinging. Borchard walked. Jimenez popped out to shallow center. Lee doubled to right, Borchard to third. Rios grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Colon pitching for White Sox. Johnson singled to right. Catalanotto sacrificed to catcher, Johnson to second. Wells doubled to deep center, Johnson scored. Delgado intentionally walked. Wilson flied out to left center. Phelps struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Ordonez struck out looking. Daubach grounded out to second. Crede doubled to right center. Valentin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 1 - Blue Jays 5.	Halladay, Blue Jays extend turnarounds with latest win