Red Sox - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller flied out to center. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out looking. Catalanotto walked. Wells flied out to center. Delgado flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez homered to left. Millar flied out to left. Varitek grounded out to first. Nixon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Wilson singled to right. Phelps lined out to center. Bordick walked, Wilson to second. Berg doubled to left, Wilson scored, Bordick to third. Woodward hit sacrifice fly to center, Bordick scored, Berg to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Mirabelli singled to center. Damon walked, Mirabelli to second. Mueller grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mirabelli out at third, Damon to second. Walker grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto grounded out to third. Wells grounded out to third. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra singled to left center. Ramirez singled to left, Garciaparra to second. Millar flied out to center. Varitek reached on infield single to shortstop, Garciaparra to third, Ramirez to second. Nixon hit sacrifice fly to left, Garciaparra scored. Mirabelli singled to center, Ramirez scored, Varitek to third. Damon grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mirabelli out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Wilson singled to left. Phelps singled to center, Wilson to third. Bordick struck out looking. Berg homered to left, Wilson and Phelps scored. Woodward lined out to third. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller flied out to center. Walker doubled to left center. Garciaparra tripled to deep center, Walker scored. Ramirez singled to right, Garciaparra scored. Millar doubled to right center, Ramirez scored. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek flied out to right. Nixon walked. Mirabelli grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Catalanotto struck out swinging. Wells fouled out to first. Delgado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Damon struck out swinging. Mueller singled to center. Walker flied out to left. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Mueller out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Fossum pitching for Red Sox. Wilson doubled to right center. Phelps singled to left, Wilson scored. Bordick homered to left, Phelps scored. Berg flied out to right. Woodward reached on infield single to shortstop. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Johnson hit by pitch, Woodward to second. Catalanotto doubled to right center, Woodward and Johnson scored. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado intentionally walked. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Wilson struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Tam pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez popped out to shallow center. Millar homered to left center. Varitek grounded out to second. Nixon reached on infield single to third. Mirabelli flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Timlin pitching for Red Sox. Phelps struck out swinging. Bordick grounded out to shortstop. Berg struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Damon reached on infield single to second. Mueller grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Damon out at second. Walker walked. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Garciaparra popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Woodward flied out to deep center. Johnson flied out to right. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Catalanotto popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Ramirez grounded out to first. Millar flied out to center. Varitek grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 7 - Blue Jays 10.	Soaring Jays finish best month in club history