Red Sox - Top 1st. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller singled to center. Walker flied out to center. Garciaparra doubled to deep center, Mueller to third. Ramirez struck out swinging. Ortiz doubled to right, Mueller and Garciaparra scored. Nixon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Johnson flied out to left. Catalanotto flied out to shallow right. Wells singled to left. Delgado struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Giambi flied out to deep center. Mirabelli grounded out to third. Damon flied out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Myers singled to right. Phelps struck out swinging. Hudson flied out to center. Bordick walked, Myers to second. Woodward singled to center, Myers thrown out at home, Bordick to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Mueller doubled to left. Walker hit ground rule double to left, Mueller scored. Garciaparra lined out to left. Ramirez doubled to left, Walker scored. Ortiz doubled to left, Ramirez scored. Nixon hit ground rule double to right, Ortiz scored. Giambi grounded out to first, Nixon to third. Mirabelli grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto walked. Wells struck out swinging. Delgado walked, Catalanotto to second. Myers reached on infield single to pitcher, Catalanotto to third, Delgado to second. Phelps singled to right, Catalanotto and Delgado scored, Myers to second. Hudson struck out looking. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Damon grounded out to first. Mueller grounded out to second. Walker grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Wakefield pitching for Red Sox. Bordick doubled to left. Woodward struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Catalanotto singled to left, Bordick scored, Catalanotto to second on error by third baseman Mueller. Wells singled to left, Catalanotto scored. Delgado doubled to shallow left, Wells scored. Myers hit ground rule double to right, Delgado scored. Phelps struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop. Ramirez struck out swinging. White pitching for Red Sox. Ortiz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. White pitching for Red Sox. Hudson fouled out to first. Bordick tripled to deep left. Woodward doubled to right center, Bordick scored. Johnson flied out to deep left, Woodward to third. Catalanotto doubled to left, Woodward scored. Mendoza pitching for Red Sox. Wells hit ground rule double to left, Catalanotto scored. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Delgado struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 6th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon walked. Giambi struck out swinging. Mirabelli flied out to deep center. Damon walked, Nixon to second. Mueller grounded into fielder's choice to third, Nixon out at third, Damon to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Embree pitching for Red Sox. Myers reached on infield single to second. Phelps flied out to shallow right. Hudson fouled out to right. Bordick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Halladay pitching for Blue Jays. Walker singled to center. Garciaparra lined out to center. Ramirez singled to center, Walker to second. Ortiz struck out swinging. Walker pitching for Blue Jays. Nixon doubled to right center, Walker scored, Ramirez to third. Varitek hit for Mirabelli. Giambi walked. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Varitek catching. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Varitek struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Kim pitching for Red Sox. Woodward struck out looking. Johnson reached on infield single to second. Catalanotto doubled to right, Johnson scored. Wells struck out swinging. Catalanotto stole third. Delgado singled to left, Catalanotto scored. Delgado to second on wild pitch by Kim. Myers grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Damon lined out to second. Mueller flied out to shallow left. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Walker popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Lyon pitching for Red Sox. Phelps doubled to left center. Clark ran for Phelps. Hudson struck out swinging. Bordick popped out to shallow center. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Woodward grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Politte pitching for Blue Jays. Garciaparra tripled to right center. Ramirez singled to right, Garciaparra scored. Ortiz singled to right, Ramirez to second. Nixon struck out swinging. Giambi walked, Ramirez to third, Ortiz to second. Jackson ran for Giambi. Varitek grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 8 - Blue Jays 11.	Halladay, Blue Jays finish off Red Sox with sweep