Orioles - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Segui singled to right. Conine struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Daal pitching for Orioles. Stewart homered to left. Johnson grounded out to third. Wells singled to right. Delgado walked, Wells to second. Wilson singled to left, Wells scored, Delgado to second. Phelps fouled out to first. Bordick hit ground rule double to right, Delgado scored, Wilson to third. Woodward lined out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Surhoff walked. Batista homered to left, Surhoff scored. Mendez grounded out to first. Cruz lined out to right. Fordyce singled to left. Roberts grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Berg singled to right. Stewart flied out to center. Johnson doubled to deep center, Berg to third. Wells fouled out to first. Delgado doubled to left center, Berg and Johnson scored. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Matos grounded out to shortstop. Segui popped out to shallow center. Conine fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Daal pitching for Orioles. Phelps homered to left. Bordick doubled to left center. Woodward flied out to center. Berg safe at first on error by shortstop Cruz. Stewart singled to right, Bordick to third, Berg to second. Driskill pitching for Orioles. Johnson hit by pitch, Bordick scored, Berg to third, Stewart to second. Wells walked, Berg scored, Stewart to third, Johnson to second. Delgado singled to right, Stewart and Johnson scored, Wells to second. Wilson singled to center, Wells scored, Delgado to second. Phelps grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wilson out at second, Delgado to third. Bordick fouled out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 4th. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Surhoff singled to center. Batista struck out swinging. Mendez singled to left, Surhoff to second. Cruz grounded into double play, third to first, Surhoff out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Driskill pitching for Orioles. Woodward struck out swinging. Berg grounded out to second. Stewart lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Fordyce lined out to center. Roberts walked. Matos popped out to second. Segui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Driskill pitching for Orioles. Johnson singled to right. Wells popped out to third. Delgado singled to center, Johnson to second. Wilson singled to left, Johnson scored, Delgado to second. Phelps struck out swinging. Bordick struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Davis pitching for Blue Jays. Conine popped out to second. Surhoff lined out to first. Batista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Morban at shortstop. Woodward singled to right. Berg singled to right, Woodward to second. Stewart singled to center, Woodward to third, Berg to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Woodward scored, Berg to third, Stewart safe at second on error by second baseman Roberts. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Berg out at home, Stewart to third, Johnson to second. Delgado struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Service pitching for Blue Jays. Mendez struck out swinging. Morban struck out looking. Fordyce popped out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles. Phelps grounded out to third. Bordick flied out to right. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Hudson at second base. Clark at first base. Johnson in center field. Berg in right field. Woodward grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays. Roberts grounded out to pitcher. Matos homered to left center. Segui struck out swinging. Conine singled to center. Surhoff singled to right, Conine to third. Batista singled to left, Conine scored, Surhoff to second. Mendez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Batista out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Berg struck out looking. Stewart grounded out to second. Johnson doubled to right. Hudson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Acevedo pitching for Blue Jays. Morban struck out swinging. Fordyce singled to right. Roberts singled to right, Fordyce to second. Matos grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Roberts out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 4 - Blue Jays 13.	Blue Jays climb within one game of Yankees