Mariners - Top 1st. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Boone walked. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Johnson lined out to pitcher. Hinske popped out to shallow left. Wells grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Olerud struck out looking. Cameron doubled to left center. Winn flied out to deep center. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Delgado walked. Kielty singled to left, Delgado to second. Phelps singled to left, Delgado scored, Kielty to second. Woodward flied out to deep center, Kielty to third. Berg grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Phelps out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Cirillo flied out to right center. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Cash walked. Johnson lined out to third. Hinske flied out to left. Wells struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Boone grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to right. Olerud grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Delgado doubled to deep right. Kielty doubled to left, Delgado scored. Phelps walked. Woodward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Phelps out at second, Kielty to third. Berg walked, Woodward to second. Cash grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berg out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Cameron grounded out to pitcher. Winn grounded out to second. Wilson singled to shallow left center. Cirillo flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Johnson fouled out to third. Hinske doubled to right. Wells flied out to center. Delgado intentionally walked. Kielty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Sanchez grounded out to first. Boone grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Phelps flied out to deep right. Woodward reached on infield single to shortstop. Berg doubled to left center, Woodward to third. Cash hit sacrifice fly to left, Woodward scored. Johnson flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Martinez flied out to deep right. Olerud grounded out to first. Cameron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Moyer pitching for Mariners. Hinske singled to shallow left. Wells singled to right, Hinske to second. Soriano pitching for Mariners. Delgado flied out to center. Kielty doubled to left, Hinske scored, Wells to third. Myers hit for Phelps. Myers grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wells scored, Kielty to third. Woodward struck out swinging. Berg struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Hendrickson pitching for Blue Jays. Winn singled to left. Wilson homered to left, Winn scored. Lopez pitching for Blue Jays. Cirillo popped out to third. Suzuki singled to left. Sanchez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Suzuki out at second. Boone singled to left, Sanchez to second. Martinez walked, Sanchez to third, Boone to second. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Meyers ran for Martinez. Olerud walked, Sanchez scored, Boone to third, Meyers to second. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Cameron struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Sasaki pitching for Mariners. Cash grounded out to shortstop. Johnson walked. Hinske walked, Johnson to second. Benitez pitching for Mariners. Wells reached on infield single to third, Johnson to third, Hinske to second. Delgado grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johnson scored, Wells out at second, Hinske to third, Hinske scored on throwing error by shortstop Sanchez. Kielty flied out to right. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 9th. Miller pitching for Blue Jays. Winn walked. Reichert pitching for Blue Jays. Mabry hit for Wilson. Davis hit for Cirillo. Mabry grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Winn out at second. Davis singled to center. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Blue Jays 7.	Toronto 7, Seattle 3