Cardinals - Top 1st. Musgrove pitching for Padres. Edman grounded out to first. Carlson hit by pitch. Goldschmidt singled to left center, Carlson to second. Arenado flied out to left. Molina lined out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Oviedo pitching for Cardinals. Grisham reached on infield single to second. Machado doubled to deep left center, Grisham scored. Cronenworth grounded out to shortstop, Machado to third. Pham walked. O'Grady grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Pham out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Musgrove pitching for Padres. Carpenter grounded out to first. O'Neill popped out to first. Bader flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Oviedo pitching for Cardinals. Nola hit by pitch. Marcano grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nola out at second. Kim flied out to left. Musgrove walked, Marcano to second. Grisham grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Musgrove pitching for Padres. Oviedo struck out swinging. Edman singled to right. Carlson walked, Edman to second. Goldschmidt walked, Carlson to second, Edman to third. Arenado grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Goldschmidt out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Oviedo pitching for Cardinals. Machado walked. Cronenworth walked, Machado to second. Pham walked, Cronenworth to second, Machado to third. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. O'Grady hit sacrifice fly to center, Machado scored. Nola hit by pitch, Pham to second, Cronenworth to third. Marcano grounded into fielder's choice to first, Cronenworth scored, Nola out at second, Pham to third. Kim grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Musgrove pitching for Padres. Molina doubled to left. Carpenter struck out swinging. O'Neill struck out swinging. Bader intentionally walked. Woodford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Musgrove struck out swinging. Grisham walked. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grisham out at second. Cronenworth singled to right, Machado to second. Cronenworth to second on wild pitch by Woodford, Machado to third on wild pitch by Woodford. Pham grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Musgrove pitching for Padres. Edman singled to left. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt walked, Edman to second. Arenado singled to shallow left, Goldschmidt to second, Edman to third. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Edman scored, Goldschmidt to third. Carpenter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Moroff at second base. O'Grady grounded out to second. Nola struck out looking. Marcano walked. Kim struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Castillo at second base. O'Neill singled to right. Bader reached on infield single to shortstop, O'Neill to second. Moroff struck out swinging. Edman grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bader out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Castillo grounded out to second. Grisham walked. Edman at second base. Sosa at shortstop. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. Grisham to second on wild pitch by Elledge. Machado singled to deep left, Grisham scored. Machado caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cronenworth lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Stammen pitching for Padres. Carlson flied out to left. Adams pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt flied out to right. Arenado doubled to shallow left. Molina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Elledge pitching for Cardinals. Pham struck out swinging. O'Grady walked. Nola walked, O'Grady to second. Kivlehan hit for Adams. Kivlehan hit by pitch, Nola to second, O'Grady to third. Kim hit sacrifice fly to center, O'Grady scored. Castillo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Pagán pitching for Padres. Sosa hit by pitch. O'Neill homered to right (390 feet), Sosa scored. Bader grounded out to third. Williams hit for Elledge. Williams struck out looking. Edman struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Whitley pitching for Cardinals. Grisham walked. Machado walked, Grisham to second. Cronenworth fouled out to third. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado out at second, Grisham to third. O'Grady flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Padres. Andreoli in left field. Carlson struck out swinging. Goldschmidt lined out to center. Arenado homered to left (394 feet). Molina grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Padres 5.	Musgrove gets 1st win since no-hitter, Padres beat Cardinals