Cardinals - Top 1st. Paddack pitching for Padres. Edman flied out to shortstop. Carlson grounded out to shortstop. Goldschmidt singled to shallow center. Arenado flied out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Grisham flied out to right. Machado lined out to center. Cronenworth walked. Pham homered to left (381 feet), Cronenworth scored. Nola grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Molina flied out to center. O'Neill struck out swinging. Moroff flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. O'Grady flied out to left. Kim homered to left (373 feet). Caratini singled to center. Paddack struck out swinging. Grisham singled to left center, Caratini to third. Machado lined out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Bader singled to right. Wainwright struck out bunting foul. Edman grounded out to second, Bader to second. Carlson walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carlson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Cronenworth singled to shallow right center. Pham walked, Cronenworth to second. Nola homered to right (353 feet), Cronenworth scored and Pham scored. O'Grady singled to right. Kim popped out to shortstop. Caratini walked, O'Grady to second. Paddack struck out bunting foul. Grisham lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Paddack pitching for Padres. Arenado flied out to center. Molina homered to right (378 feet). O'Neill lined out to left. Moroff flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Machado popped out to shortstop. Cronenworth singled to center. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cronenworth out at second. Nola lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Díaz pitching for Padres. Andreoli in left field. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Williams hit for Wainwright. Williams walked. Edman lined out to right. Carlson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. O'Grady walked. Kim grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, O'Grady out at second. Caratini flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Diaz pitching for Padres. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Arenado homered to left center (406 feet). Molina struck out swinging. O'Neill singled to center. Moroff grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Fernandez pitching for Cardinals. Andreoli walked. Grisham singled to deep right, Andreoli to third. Machado singled to center, Andreoli scored, Grisham to second. Webb pitching for Cardinals. Carpenter at second base. Cronenworth popped out to shortstop. Kivlehan hit for Díaz. Machado to second on wild pitch by Webb, Grisham to third on wild pitch by Webb. Kivlehan singled to center, Grisham scored, Machado to third. Nola doubled to deep left, Machado scored, Kivlehan to third. O'Grady grounded out to second, Kivlehan scored, Nola to third. Kim flied out to center. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Johnson pitching for Padres. Bader homered to left (399 feet). Carpenter struck out swinging. Edman flied out to third. Carlson walked. Goldschmidt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carlson out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Sosa at third base. Knizner catching. Woodford pitching for Cardinals. Caratini lined out to right. Andreoli doubled to deep left center. Grisham singled to center, Andreoli to third. Machado hit sacrifice fly to center, Andreoli scored. Cronenworth reached on infield single to pitcher, Grisham to second. Marcano ran for Grisham. Castillo hit for Johnson. Castillo walked, Cronenworth to second, Marcano to third. Thomas at second base. Matt Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Nola singled to left, Cronenworth scored and Marcano scored, Castillo to second. O'Grady popped out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Marcano in left field. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Castillo at third base. Andreoli in center field. Sosa hit by pitch. Knizner grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sosa out at second. O'Neill hit by pitch. Thomas grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, O'Neill out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Kim lined out to left. Caratini hit by pitch. Andreoli lined out to third. Marcano singled to right, Caratini thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Bader grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter struck out swinging. Edman lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Padres 13.	Nola drives in six runs, Padres embarrass Cardinals 13-3