Nationals - Top 1st. Paddack pitching for Padres. Escobar hit by pitch. Turner singled to center, Escobar to third. Soto homered to left (382 feet), Escobar scored and Turner scored. Bell grounded out to first. Castro grounded out to shortstop. Gomes singled to right. Harrison flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Pham grounded out to shortstop. Tatis Jr. flied out to right. Grisham reached on infield single to third. Machado walked, Grisham to second. Myers walked, Machado to second, Grisham to third. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Robles struck out swinging. Corbin struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Turner singled to right, Escobar to third. Soto intentionally walked, Turner to second. Bell singled to left, Escobar scored and Turner scored. Bell safe at second, Soto safe at third on throwing error by left fielder Pham. Castro singled to center, Soto scored and Bell scored, Castro to second. Gomes flied out to right. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Kim hit by pitch. Rivas fouled out to second. Paddack grounded out to third, Kim to second. Pham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Paddack pitching for Padres. Harrison singled to right. Robles doubled to shallow left, Harrison scored. Corbin sacrificed, Corbin to first on fielding error by pitcher Paddack, Robles to third. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Robles scored, Corbin out at second. Turner grounded into fielder's choice to third, Escobar out at second. Soto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Turner out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Tatis Jr. struck out swinging. Grisham fouled out to shortstop. Machado reached on infield single to second. Myers popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Bell grounded out to second. Castro doubled to left. Gomes flied out to right. Harrison singled to shallow right center, Castro scored. Robles hit by pitch, Harrison to second. Corbin grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Hosmer singled to shallow center. Kim fouled out to first. Rivas flied out to right. Crismatt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Escobar grounded out to third. Turner flied out to right. Soto walked. Bell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Pham doubled to left. Tatis Jr. lined out to shortstop. Grisham grounded out to second, Pham to third. Machado singled to left center, Pham scored. Mateo ran for Machado. Myers lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Profar at second base. Mateo at third base. Kim at shortstop. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Castro grounded out to third. Gomes grounded out to third. Harrison walked. Robles flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Corbin pitching for Nationals. Hosmer homered to right center (434 feet). Kim grounded out to shortstop. Rivas reached on infield single to second. Crismatt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Rivas out at second. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crismatt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Parra hit for Corbin. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Parra grounded out to first. Escobar lined out to center. Turner grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Escobar at shortstop. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Harrison at second base. Parra in left field. Profar struck out swinging. Grisham grounded out to third. Mateo walked. Myers struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Padres. Soto singled to right. Bell singled to center, Soto to second. Castro flied out to right, Soto to third. Gomes doubled to deep center, Soto scored, Bell to third. Harrison doubled to deep left, Bell scored and Gomes scored. Robles grounded out to shortstop. Parra reached on infield single to shortstop, Harrison scored. Escobar grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Hernández in right field. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Hosmer struck out swinging. Kim flied out to left. Rivas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Caratini at first base. Ramirez pitching for Padres. McGowin struck out looking. Hernández safe at first on fielding error by second baseman Profar. Bell doubled to deep left, Hernández to third. Castro grounded out to shortstop, Hernández scored. Gomes grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Bottom 9th. McGowin pitching for Nationals. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Pham walked. Profar struck out looking. Grisham homered to right (397 feet), Pham scored. Mateo doubled to deep left. Rodríguez pitching for Nationals. Myers reached on infield single to shortstop, Mateo to third. Caratini singled to left, Mateo scored, Myers to second. Kim walked, Caratini to second, Myers to third. Rivas struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 15 - Padres 5.	All-Star Soto hits 3-run homer, Nationals rout Padres 15-5