Padres - Top 1st. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham doubled to deep center. Frazier tripled to deep center, Pham scored. Machado struck out swinging. Cronenworth singled to right, Frazier scored. Hosmer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cronenworth out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Darvish pitching for Padres. Rojas singled to deep center. Marte struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. Kelly singled to center, Rojas to third. Peralta lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Peacock pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers struck out swinging. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Grisham struck out swinging. Caratini struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Darvish pitching for Padres. Walker grounded out to third. VanMeter struck out looking. Ellis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Darvish struck out looking. Pham grounded out to third. Frazier grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Darvish pitching for Padres. Smith singled to right. Rojas walked, Smith to second. Marte grounded out to first, Rojas to second, Smith to third. Smith doubled to right, Smith scored and Rojas scored. Kelly singled to right, Smith scored. Peralta homered to right center (418 feet), Kelly scored. Walker flied out to right. Strahm pitching for Padres. VanMeter struck out looking. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado flied out to center. Cronenworth grounded out to first. Hosmer reached on infield single to catcher. Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Smith. Myers flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Strahm pitching for Padres. Ellis singled to shallow left. Smith bunted into fielder's choice to third, Ellis out at second. Rojas doubled to shallow left, Smith to third. Marte intentionally walked. Smith singled to shallow left, Smith scored and Rojas scored, Marte to third. Kelly doubled to deep left, Marte scored, Smith to third. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Smith out at home. Walker flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Grisham grounded out to second. Caratini singled to left. Marisnick hit for Strahm. Marisnick flied out to left. Pham doubled to right, Caratini to third. Frazier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. VanMeter struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to third. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Machado safe at first on fielding error by center fielder Marte, Machado safe at second on error. Cronenworth singled to left, Machado to third. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to second, Machado scored, Cronenworth out at second. Myers lined into double play, to first, Hosmer doubled off first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Crismatt pitching for Padres. Rojas singled to left. Marte grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rojas out at second. Smith singled to center. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Diamondbacks. Grisham walked. Caratini struck out swinging. Kim hit for Crismatt. Kim lined out to center. Poppen pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Adams pitching for Padres. Peralta struck out looking. Walker walked. VanMeter grounded out to first, Walker to second. Ellis hit by pitch. Varsho hit for Poppen. Varsho walked, Ellis to second, Walker to third. Stammen pitching for Padres. Rojas singled to shallow right, Ellis scored and Walker scored, Varsho to third. Marte struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Mantiply pitching for Diamondbacks. Frazier struck out swinging. Machado grounded out to second. Cronenworth tripled to deep right. Hosmer flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hill pitching for Padres. Smith lined out to shortstop. Kelly singled to center. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kelly out at second. Walker walked, Peralta to second. VanMeter singled to shallow center, Peralta scored, Walker to second. Ellis walked, VanMeter to second, Walker to third. Hager hit for Mantiply. Hager walked, Walker scored, Ellis to second, VanMeter to third. Rojas lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Faria pitching for Diamondbacks. Myers flied out to right. Grisham doubled to deep left. Caratini grounded out to second, Grisham to third. O'Grady hit for Hill. O'Grady flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 3 - Diamondbacks 12.	Darvish (back) exits early, Diamondbacks beat Padres 12-3