Astros - Top 1st. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Biggio bunt grounded out to pitcher. Beltran grounded out to shortstop. Bagwell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Munro pitching for Astros. Kendall grounded out to pitcher. Wilson singled to center. Bay popped out to shortstop. Ward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Berkman walked. Kent grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berkman out at second. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Munro pitching for Astros. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Redman doubled to deep right. Wigginton flied out to left, Redman to third. Castillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Vizcaino singled to left center. Ausmus flied out to right. Munro bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Vizcaino out at second. Biggio grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Munro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Munro pitching for Astros. Van Benschoten grounded out to shortstop. Kendall hit ground rule double to deep right. Wilson doubled to left, Kendall scored. Bay grounded out to third, Wilson to third. Ward singled to center, Wilson scored. Wilson grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Beltran doubled to center. Bagwell flied out to center. Berkman grounded out to pitcher, Beltran to third. Kent reached on infield single to first, Beltran scored. Kent caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lamb batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Munro pitching for Astros. Redman reached on bunt single to catcher. Wigginton singled to left, Redman to third, Wigginton to second advancing on throw. Castillo grounded out to shortstop, Redman scored. Van Benschoten struck out looking. Kendall singled to center, Wigginton scored, Kendall to second on throwing error by center fielder Beltran. Wilson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 5th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Lamb flied out to center. Vizcaino grounded out to first. Ausmus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Munro pitching for Astros. Bay flied out to left. Ward flied out to left. Burke hit for Munro. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Burke struck out swinging. Biggio singled to center. Duckworth pitching for Astros. Beltran grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Biggio out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Duckworth pitching for Astros. Redman struck out swinging. Wigginton grounded out to third. Castillo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Bagwell flied out to left. Berkman flied out to left. Kent grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Duckworth pitching for Astros. Van Benschoten flied out to right. Kendall grounded out to third. Wilson doubled to deep left. Bay flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Van Benschoten pitching for Pirates. Lamb struck out swinging. Vizcaino grounded out to third. Palmeiro hit for Duckworth. Ausmus singled to center. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Palmeiro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Wheeler pitching for Astros. Ward doubled to deep right. Wilson singled to center, Ward scored, Wilson to second advancing on throw. Redman reached on bunt single to catcher, Wilson to third. Redman stole second. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop. Nunez ran for Wilson. Hill hit for Van Benschoten. Castillo singled to right, Nunez scored, Redman to third. Mackowiak in right field. Torres pitching for Pirates. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Castillo out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Biggio struck out swinging. Beltran walked. Bagwell grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Beltran out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 1 - Pirates 6.	Pirates rookie gets first win at Astros' expense