Rangers - Top 1st . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Choo struck out looking . Andrus lined out to second . Fielder grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Nava hit by pitch . Pedroia struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nava safe at second on error by shortstop Andrus . Napoli grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ortiz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Beltre flied out to center . Rios singled to center , Rios to second on error by left fielder Nava . Moreland struck out swinging . Murphy lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Sizemore grounded out to second . Bogaerts reached on infield single to shortstop . Pierzynski singled to left center , Bogaerts to third . Herrera fouled out to third . Bradley Jr. singled to center , Bogaerts scored , Pierzynski to third . Nava walked , Bradley Jr. to second . Pedroia grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Martin bunt grounded out to second . Arencibia flied out to right . Choo tripled to deep center . Andrus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Ortiz grounded out to shortstop . Napoli singled to left . Sizemore grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Napoli out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Fielder grounded out to second . Beltre singled to center . Rios reached on infield single to third , Beltre to second . Beltre to third , Rios to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Moreland hit sacrifice fly to center , Beltre scored . Murphy struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Bogaerts grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski singled to center . Herrera singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Bradley Jr. singled to left center , Pierzynski scored , Herrera to third . Nava flied out to left . Pedroia fouled out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Martin struck out swinging . Arencibia grounded out to second . Choo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Ortiz struck out swinging . Napoli singled to right . Sizemore singled to right , Napoli to second . Bogaerts fouled out to first . Napoli to third , Sizemore to second on passed ball by Arencibia . Pierzynski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Andrus singled to center . Fielder flied out to center . Beltre grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Andrus out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Figueroa pitching for Rangers . Herrera hit by pitch . Bradley Jr. flied out to center . Nava grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Lackey pitching for Red Sox . Rios walked . Rios stole second . Moreland grounded out to first , Rios to third . Murphy popped out to second . Martin walked . Martin stole second . Arencibia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Rosin pitching for Rangers . Pedroia grounded out to shortstop . Ortiz flied out to center . Napoli reached on infield single to second . Sizemore doubled to left , Napoli to third . Bogaerts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Capuano pitching for Red Sox . Choo singled to deep left . Andrus lined out to center . Fielder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Rosin pitching for Rangers . Pierzynski singled to center . Herrera walked , Pierzynski to second . Bradley Jr. reached on bunt single to first , Pierzynski to third , Herrera to second , Pierzynski scored , Herrera to third on throwing error by first baseman Fielder . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Nava singled to right , Herrera scored , Bradley Jr. to third . Pedroia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bradley Jr. scored , Nava out at second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pedroia out at second . Napoli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 9th . Uehara pitching for Red Sox . Beltre lined out to left . Rios fouled out to third . Moreland singled to right . Murphy doubled to deep left , Moreland to third . Martin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 1 - Red Sox 5 .	Lackey helps Red Sox snap skid at 3