Blue Jays - Top 1st . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Reyes popped out to second . Cabrera grounded out to first . Bautista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Choice struck out swinging . Andrus struck out looking . Choo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Lind doubled to deep left . Encarnacion walked . Francisco struck out swinging . Lawrie flied out to right , Lind to third . Thole flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Beltre grounded out to shortstop . Rios grounded out to third . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gose struck out swinging . Reyes singled to center . Cabrera flied out to left . Bautista walked , Reyes to second . Lind grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Chirinos grounded out to second . Martin safe at first on error by second baseman Lawrie . Sardinas grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martin out at second . Choice grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sardinas out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Francisco homered to right ( 418 feet ) . Lawrie flied out to center . Thole grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Choo reached on infield single to shortstop . Beltre walked , Choo to second . Rios tripled to deep right center , Choo and Beltre scored . Moreland grounded out to shortstop . Chirinos popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Martinez pitching for Rangers . Gose walked . Gose caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reyes popped out to shortstop . Cabrera singled to right . Bautista grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Martin struck out swinging . Sardinas grounded out to third . Choice grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Poreda pitching for Rangers . Lind flied out to center . Encarnacion homered to left center ( 418 feet ) . Francisco struck out swinging . Lawrie grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Choo walked . Beltre grounded into double play , third to second to first , Choo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Poreda pitching for Rangers . Thole grounded out to second . Pillar hit for Gose . Pillar struck out swinging . Reyes doubled to deep left . Cabrera lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Pillar in center field . Dickey pitching for Blue Jays . Rios safe at first on error by third baseman Francisco . Moreland homered to right ( 374 feet ) , Rios scored . Chirinos walked . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Chirinos safe at second on error by shortstop Reyes . Sardinas sacrificed to pitcher , Chirinos to third , Martin to second . McGowan pitching for Blue Jays . Choice lined into double play to third . Chirinos out at third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Tolleson pitching for Rangers . Bautista flied out to right . Lind flied out to left . Encarnacion flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Redmond pitching for Blue Jays . Andrus reached on infield single to shortstop . Choo doubled to deep right center , Andrus scored . Beltre singled to center , Choo scored . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beltre out at second . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Moreland doubled to center , Rios to third . Chirinos safe at first on error by third baseman Francisco . Martin struck out swinging . Sardinas grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Chirinos out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Rangers . Francisco singled to right . Lawrie popped out to first . Thole singled to center , Francisco to second . Navarro hit for Pillar . Navarro lined out to right . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 2 - Rangers 6 .	Moreland , Rios help Rangers beat Blue Jays 6 - 2