Astros - Top 1st . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Altuve struck out swinging . Grossman doubled to deep center . Springer grounded out to shortstop , Grossman to third . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Choo grounded out to shortstop . Andrus struck out swinging . Rios doubled to left . Beltre singled to right , Rios scored , Beltre out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Dominguez grounded out to pitcher . Carter fouled out to right . Corporan doubled to deep right . Hernandez tripled to deep left , Corporan scored . Hernandez scored on Darvish 's wild pitch . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Smolinski singled to left . Gimenez singled to right , Smolinski to second . Odor walked , Smolinski to third , Gimenez to second . Rosales grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smolinski out at home , Gimenez to third , Odor to second . Robertson doubled to left , Gimenez and Odor scored , Rosales to third . Choo hit sacrifice fly to left , Rosales scored . Andrus grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Altuve doubled to deep right center . Grossman singled to center , Altuve scored , Grossman to second on throwing error by center fielder Robertson . Springer reached on infield single to first , Grossman to third . Singleton struck out looking . Dominguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Springer out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Rios lined out to center . Beltre struck out looking . Smolinski singled to center . Gimenez lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Carter struck out swinging . Corporan struck out swinging . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Odor grounded out to pitcher . Rosales singled to center . Robertson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Altuve grounded out to shortstop . Grossman homered to right ( 357 feet ) . Springer grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Choo struck out looking . Andrus grounded out to first . Rios grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Darvish pitching for Rangers . Singleton singled to right . Dominguez popped out to third . Carter singled to center , Singleton to second . Corporan doubled to deep left , Singleton and Carter scored . Hernandez lined out to right . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Beltre popped out to second . Smolinski singled to center . Smolinski to second on wild pitch by Keuchel . Gimenez grounded out to pitcher . Odor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Altuve grounded out to second . Grossman singled to center . Springer homered to right center ( 385 feet ) , Grossman scored . Singleton struck out looking . Dominguez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Rosales reached first base on catcher 's interference . Keuchel pitching for Astros . Rosales batting . Robertson grounded out to pitcher , Rosales to second . Choo flied out to left . Veras pitching for Astros . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 8th . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Carter singled to left . Corporan struck out swinging . Carter to second on balk by Cotts . Hernandez walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Veras pitching for Astros . Rios popped out to second . Beltre reached on infield single to third . Smolinski grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Beltre safe at second on error by third baseman Dominguez . Gimenez struck out looking . Odor grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Astros - Top 9th . Baker pitching for Rangers . Altuve popped out to first . Grossman struck out swinging . Springer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Qualls pitching for Astros . Martin hit for Rosales . Martin grounded out to second . Pena hit for Robertson . Pena grounded out to first . Choo singled to center . Andrus singled to left , Choo to second . Rios struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 8 - Rangers 4 .	Astros escape cellar with 8 - 4 win , sweep at Texas