Rangers - Top 1st . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Robertson walked . Andrus doubled to left , Robertson scored . Rios flied out to right , Andrus out at third . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Baker pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez singled to left . Altuve grounded out to third , Gonzalez to second . Carter popped out to second . Fowler singled to center , Gonzalez scored , Fowler thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Rua grounded out to third . Rosales struck out swinging . Telis grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Baker pitching for Rangers . Castro struck out looking . Krauss walked . Singleton popped out to first . Marisnick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Krauss out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Odor grounded out to second . Choice doubled to left . Robertson singled to left , Choice to third . Robertson stole second . Andrus hit sacrifice fly to right , Choice scored , Robertson to third . Rios lined out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Baker pitching for Rangers . Petit struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to left . Gonzalez caught stealing third , catcher to third . Altuve flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Beltre singled to left . Rua struck out swinging . Rosales reached on infield single to shortstop , Beltre to second . Telis singled to center , Beltre scored , Rosales to second . Odor popped out to third . Choice homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Rosales and Telis scored . Robertson lined out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Baker pitching for Rangers . Carter flied out to right . Fowler doubled to deep center . Castro grounded out to first , Fowler to third . Krauss flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Andrus flied out to center . Rios doubled to deep left center . Beltre hit ground rule double to deep right , Rios scored . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Rua grounded out to second , Beltre to third . Rosales flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Baker pitching for Rangers . Singleton fouled out to first . Marisnick struck out looking . Petit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Telis grounded out to third . Odor reached on infield single to first . Choice singled to left , Odor to second . Odor to third on wild pitch by Buchanan . Robertson reached on infield single to second , Odor scored , Choice to second . Andrus struck out swinging . Robertson out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Rios batting . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 6th . Baker pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez flied out to right . Altuve singled to left . Carter grounded into double play , third to second to first , Altuve out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Buchanan pitching for Astros . Rios safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Altuve . Beltre walked . Rua singled to right , Rios to third , Beltre to second . Rosales singled to center , Rios and Beltre scored , Rua to second . Telis grounded out to shortstop , Rua to third , Rosales to second . Odor homered to right ( 377 feet ) , Rua and Rosales scored . Choice struck out swinging . Robertson grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 7th . Guzman hit for Fowler . Baker pitching for Rangers . Guzman flied out to right . Castro homered to right ( 398 feet ) . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Krauss singled to center . Singleton struck out looking . Marisnick singled to right , Krauss to third . Petit struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Guzman in left field . Krauss in right field . Marisnick in center field . Foltynewicz pitching for Astros . Andrus walked . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Andrus out at second . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Altuve singled to left . Carter walked , Altuve to second . Guzman singled to center , Altuve scored , Carter to second . Castro struck out swinging . Krauss struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Foltynewicz pitching for Astros . Rua grounded out to shortstop . Rosales reached on infield single to shortstop . Telis flied out to left . Odor grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 9th . Cotts pitching for Rangers . Singleton walked . Marisnick singled to center , Singleton to second . Petit singled to center , Singleton to third , Marisnick to second . Gonzalez doubled to left , Singleton and Marisnick scored , Petit to third , Petit scored on throwing error by left fielder Choice . Altuve popped out to third . Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Cotts . Carter flied out to center . Guzman flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Rangers 13 - Astros 6 .	Choice and Odor HRs lead Rangers over Astros 13 - 6