Braves - Top 1st . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Bonifacio flied out to center . Gosselin flied out to center . Freeman doubled to deep center . Upton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Minor pitching for Braves . Martin lined out to center . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Arencibia singled to left . Beltre hit by pitch , Arencibia to second . Rua flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Heyward singled to left . Bethancourt struck out swinging , Heyward stole second , Heyward to third on throwing error by catcher Chirinos . Doumit fouled out to third . Simmons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Minor pitching for Braves . Chirinos grounded out to third . Rosales walked . Sardinas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rosales out at second . Choice tripled to deep center , Sardinas scored . Martin reached on bunt single to pitcher . Martin picked off first . Andrus batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Pena grounded out to first . Bonifacio grounded out to second . Gosselin singled to center . Freeman walked , Gosselin to second . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Minor pitching for Braves . Andrus walked . Arencibia hit by pitch , Andrus to second . Beltre flied out to right , Andrus to third . Rua grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Arencibia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Heyward grounded out to second . Bethancourt flied out to left . Doumit popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Minor pitching for Braves . Chirinos grounded out to shortstop . Rosales singled to left . Sardinas doubled to deep right , Rosales scored . Choice grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sardinas out at third . Martin reached on infield single to second , Choice to second . Andrus flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Simmons singled to center . Pena grounded out to third , Simmons to second . Bonifacio fouled out to third . Gosselin flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Minor pitching for Braves . Arencibia struck out swinging . Beltre fouled out to catcher . Rua doubled to deep left . Chirinos singled to left center , Rua scored . Rosales walked , Chirinos to second . Hale pitching for Braves . Sardinas singled to center , Chirinos scored , Rosales to second . Choice doubled to deep center , Rosales and Sardinas scored . Robertson ran for Choice . Martin singled to center , Robertson scored . Andrus doubled to left , Martin scored . Arencibia struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Robertson in right field . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Freeman flied out to center . Upton lined out to shortstop . Heyward grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Terdoslavich in right field . Constanza in left field . Russell pitching for Braves . Beltre flied out to right . Rua singled to left . Chirinos singled to center , Rua to second . Rosales struck out looking . Sardinas doubled to left , Rua and Chirinos scored . Robertson popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Rodriguez at third base . Lewis pitching for Rangers . Bethancourt struck out swinging . Doumit homered to right ( 370 feet ) . Simmons flied out to center . Pena grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Shreve pitching for Braves . Martin lined out to left . Andrus singled to left center . Arencibia flied out to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Claudio pitching for Rangers . Bonifacio singled to center . Gosselin doubled to left , Bonifacio to third . Freeman lined out to shortstop . Terdoslavich doubled to deep center , Bonifacio and Gosselin scored . Constanza grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Terdoslavich out at third . Bethancourt grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Schlosser pitching for Braves . Rua flied out to right . Chirinos singled to right . Rosales singled to left , Chirinos to second . Sardinas grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rosales out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Edwards pitching for Rangers . Doumit singled to right . Simmons grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Doumit out at second . Pena singled to right center . Bonifacio lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 3 - Rangers 10 .	Rangers sweep Braves with 10 - 3 win