Pirates - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Iwamura singled to right. McCutchen grounded out to third, Iwamura to second. Milledge singled to center, Iwamura scored. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Milledge out at second. Doumit struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Duke pitching for Pirates. Jackson grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Clement homered to right (410 feet). LaRoche grounded out to third. Duke lined out to right. Cedeno singled to left. Cedeno stole second. Iwamura walked. McCutchen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Iwamura out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Duke pitching for Pirates. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Reynolds grounded out to shortstop. Montero grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Milledge struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Duke pitching for Pirates. Young lined out to shortstop. Johnson lined out to second. Haren flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Clement flied out to left. LaRoche singled to right. Duke sacrificed to pitcher, LaRoche to second. Cedeno doubled to deep left center, LaRoche scored. Iwamura homered to right (403 feet), Cedeno scored. McCutchen struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Jackson lined out to left. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Upton walked. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Milledge lined out to right. Jones flied out to center. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Reynolds singled to left center. Snyder struck out swinging. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reynolds out at second. Johnson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Clement walked. LaRoche singled to left, Clement to second. Duke bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Clement out at third, LaRoche to second. Cedeno struck out swinging. Iwamura struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Haren grounded out to second. Jackson walked. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. McCutchen singled to left. McCutchen stole second. Milledge grounded out to second, McCutchen to third. Jones safe at first on error by second baseman Johnson, McCutchen scored. Jones stole second. Doumit struck out swinging. Clement flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Duke pitching for Pirates. Upton grounded out to third. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Reynolds homered to left (452 feet), LaRoche scored. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. LaRoche popped out to first. Young grounded out to shortstop. Cedeno grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Taschner pitching for Pirates. Johnson doubled to right, Johnson to third on error by right fielder Jones. Ryal walked. Jackson walked, Ryal to second. Abreu hit sacrifice fly to center, Johnson scored, Ryal to third, Jackson to second on throwing error by center fielder McCutchen. Upton struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Iwamura struck out looking. McCutchen flied out to center. Milledge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Dotel pitching for Pirates. Reynolds fouled out to first. Snyder flied out to center. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Diamondbacks 3.	Haren crumbles early as Pirates roll D-backs