Cardinals - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Schumaker doubled to deep left. Ludwick hit by pitch. Pujols flied out to center, Schumaker to third. Holliday flied out to right, Schumaker scored, Ludwick advanced to second on play. Throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton. Rasmus homered to right (384 feet), Ludwick scored. Molina singled to center. Freese struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Johnson struck out swinging. Abreu walked. Drew struck out swinging. Upton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryan grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter hit by pitch. Schumaker grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche flied out to left. Young grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick flied out to center. Pujols struck out swinging. Holliday singled to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Snyder singled to left. Jackson struck out looking. Johnson struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to deep center, Snyder scored. Drew doubled to right, Abreu scored. Upton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina singled to left. Freese grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second. Ryan bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. LaRoche singled to center. Young singled to left, LaRoche to second. Parra struck out swinging. Snyder grounded into double play, third to second to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Schumaker lined out to right. Ludwick singled to center. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Jackson struck out looking. Johnson walked. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday flied out to center. Rasmus tripled to deep center. Rasmus scored on Jackson's wild pitch. Molina grounded out to first. Freese struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Drew struck out swinging. Upton struck out looking. LaRoche grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryan popped out to shortstop. Carpenter lined out to first. Schumaker grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Young grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to first. Snyder flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Carpenter pitching for Cardinals. Gillespie doubled to deep left. Miller pitching for Cardinals. Johnson doubled to deep right, Gillespie scored. Abreu grounded out to second, Johnson to third. Johnson scored on Miller's wild pitch. Drew walked. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Upton struck out swinging. LaRoche walked, Drew to second. Young struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Rasmus homered to right center (447 feet). Molina singled to center. Freese sacrificed to catcher, Molina to second. Ryan doubled to left, Molina scored. Howry pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez singled to right, Ryan to third. Schumaker homered to right (393 feet), Ryan and Lopez scored. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Franklin pitching for Cardinals. Parra struck out swinging. Snyder struck out looking. Ryal grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Diamondbacks 4.	Rasmus's 2nd homer carries Cardinals in 9th