Blue Jays - Top 1st. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Lewis fouled out to catcher. Hill popped out to second. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Jackson struck out swinging. Abreu doubled to deep right. Drew struck out swinging. Upton singled to left, Abreu scored. LaRoche grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Bautista struck out looking. Overbay singled to right. Encarnacion singled to left, Overbay to second. McDonald lined out to third. Molina reached on infield single to second, Overbay to third, Encarnacion to second. Marcum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Reynolds struck out looking. Young struck out swinging. Snyder fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Lewis singled to right. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lewis safe at second on error by second baseman Abreu. Lind grounded out to first, Lewis to third, Hill to second. Bautista singled to center, Lewis and Hill scored. Overbay flied out to right. Encarnacion grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bautista out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Buckner flied out to center. Jackson grounded out to first. Abreu grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. McDonald walked. McDonald to second on wild pitch by Buckner. Molina grounded out to third. Marcum doubled to left, McDonald scored. Lewis grounded out to second, Marcum to third. Hill grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Drew doubled to deep left. Upton struck out swinging. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Young singled to left, Drew scored, Reynolds to second. Snyder struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Buckner pitching for Diamondbacks. Lind singled to center. Bautista homered to left (404 feet), Lind scored. Overbay singled to right. Encarnacion homered to left (440 feet), Overbay scored. McDonald doubled to deep left center. Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina singled to deep left, McDonald scored, Molina out stretching at second. Ojeda at second base. Marcum struck out looking. Lewis grounded out to first. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Marcum pitching for Blue Jays. Valdez grounded out to pitcher. Jackson doubled to deep left. Ojeda singled to right, Jackson scored. Drew flied out to left. Upton struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hill walked. Lind hit ground rule double to deep right center, Hill to third. Bautista popped out to shortstop. Overbay grounded out to second. Encarnacion intentionally walked. McDonald singled to left, Hill and Lind scored, Encarnacion to second, Encarnacion scored, McDonald to second on error by left fielder Jackson.J McDonald thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds doubled to deep center. Young struck out swinging. Snyder popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina singled to right. Camp singled to center, Molina to second. Lewis singled to center, Molina to third, Camp to second. Hill popped out to shortstop. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Molina scored. Bautista flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Reed in left field. Parra hit for Rivera. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Parra singled to right. Jackson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. Ojeda grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryal at first base. Parra in left field. Overbay flied out to left. Encarnacion grounded out to third. McDonald flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. McCoy at second base. Drew flied out to center. Upton lined out to center. Ryal singled to left. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina flied out to center. McCoy struck out looking. Lewis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Gregg pitching for Blue Jays. Young homered to left (381 feet). Snyder walked. Parra walked, Snyder to second. Hester hit for Rosa. Hester grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Parra out at second, Snyder to third. Ojeda lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Diamondbacks 4.	Blue Jays batter Diamondbacks to avoid sweep