Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Johnson walked. Johnson stole second. Upton struck out swinging. Drew flied out to left. Reynolds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres singled to center. Sanchez walked, Torres to second. Sandoval struck out swinging. Huff walked, Torres to third, Sanchez to second. Molina hit sacrifice fly to right, Torres scored, Sanchez to third. Posey doubled to deep right center, Sanchez scored, Huff to third. Schierholtz grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. LaRoche singled to right. Young struck out swinging. Parra struck out swinging. Snyder homered to right (402 feet), LaRoche scored. Kennedy struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Rohlinger struck out swinging. Wellemeyer struck out looking. Torres flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Johnson singled to right. Upton flied out to center. Drew flied out to center. Johnson caught stealing second, catcher to second. Reynolds batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to left. Sandoval popped out to shortstop. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sanchez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Reynolds struck out swinging. LaRoche grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Posey doubled to left. Schierholtz walked. Rohlinger struck out swinging. Wellemeyer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Parra grounded out to second. Snyder flied out to center. Kennedy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres flied out to left. Sanchez flied out to center. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. Johnson reached on infield single to second, Johnson out stretching at second. Upton flied out to right. Drew walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff flied out to left. Molina flied out to right. Posey singled to left. Schierholtz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Wellemeyer pitching for Giants. LaRoche walked. Young flied out to left. Parra singled to right, LaRoche thrown out at third. Snyder singled to left, Parra to second. Ryal hit for Kennedy. Casilla pitching for Giants. Ryal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Rohlinger singled to right center. Cain hit for Casilla. Cain sacrificed to first, Rohlinger to second. Torres singled to center, Rohlinger thrown out at home, Torres to second advancing on throw. Torres to third on wild pitch by Heilman. Sanchez walked. Sandoval struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Uribe at shortstop. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop, Johnson to second on throwing error by shortstop Uribe. Upton walked. Drew sacrificed to pitcher, Johnson to third, Upton to second. Reynolds intentionally walked. LaRoche walked, Johnson scored, Upton to third, Reynolds to second. Mota pitching for Giants. Young hit sacrifice fly to left, Upton scored. Parra grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 8th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff homered to right (339 feet). Molina struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to third. Schierholtz flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Mota pitching for Giants. Snyder grounded out to third. Roberts hit for Heilman. Roberts singled to center. Johnson singled to right, Roberts out at third, Johnson to second advancing on throw. Upton doubled to deep left, Johnson scored. Drew flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Uribe grounded out to third. Ishikawa hit for Mota. Ishikawa doubled to left. Torres singled to center, Ishikawa to third. Sanchez singled to right, Ishikawa scored, Torres to third. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torres scored, Sanchez out at second. Huff singled to right, Sandoval to second. Molina flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Whiteside catching. Reynolds struck out looking. LaRoche struck out looking. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 10th. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Posey grounded out to third. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Uribe singled to center. Whiteside singled to left center, Uribe to third. Torres singled to right, Uribe scored, Whiteside to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 5 - Giants 6.	Giants tie it in 9th, finish sliding D-backs in 10th