Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Johnson struck out swinging. Drew flied out to left. Upton singled to left. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kelly singled to right. Damon safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Kelly to third. Ordonez singled to deep right, Kelly scored, Damon to third. Cabrera walked, Ordonez to second. Boesch struck out swinging. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Young safe at second on error by left fielder Boesch. LaRoche flied out to center, Young to third. Reynolds homered to left (395 feet), Young scored. Parra flied out to left. Snyder singled to left. Johnson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Inge walked. Inge to second on wild pitch by Jackson. Avila singled to center, Inge scored. Santiago sacrificed to pitcher, Avila to second. Kelly flied out to right. Damon lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Drew lined out to second. Upton struck out looking. Montero singled to center. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ordonez popped out to second. Cabrera grounded out to second. Boesch grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. LaRoche reached on infield single to shortstop. Reynolds singled to right, LaRoche to second. Parra grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second, LaRoche to third. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Guillen grounded out to second. Inge grounded out to shortstop. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Johnson struck out swinging. Drew lined out to center. Upton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Santiago doubled to right. Kelly fouled out to third. Damon grounded out to shortstop, Santiago to third. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Montero homered to left center (398 feet). Young flied out to center. LaRoche doubled to deep right. Reynolds walked. Ni pitching for Tigers. Parra tripled to deep right, LaRoche and Reynolds scored. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Snyder hit sacrifice fly to center, Parra scored. Johnson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to center. Boesch singled to center, Cabrera to second. Guillen flied out to left. Inge struck out swinging. Avila singled to left, Cabrera scored, Boesch to second. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Avila out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Drew walked. Upton grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Drew out at second. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Kelly popped out to shortstop. Damon doubled to right. Ordonez safe at first on error by third baseman Reynolds, Damon to third. Cabrera grounded out to third, Damon scored, Ordonez to second. Ordonez out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Boesch batting. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Young flied out to center. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Boesch grounded out to first. Guillen struck out swinging. Inge singled to right. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Inge to second on wild pitch by Heilman. Avila struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Tigers. Parra lined out to center. Snyder flied out to right. Johnson walked. Drew walked, Johnson to second. Upton singled to left, Johnson thrown out at home, Drew to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Santiago flied out to left. Kelly singled to center. Damon popped out to shortstop. Ordonez doubled to deep right center, Kelly scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 6 - Tigers 5.	D-backs hold on to stop 14-game road slide