Dodgers - Top 1st. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal grounded out to first. Kemp flied out to right. Ethier grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Young grounded out to shortstop. Abreu walked. Upton struck out swinging. Abreu caught stealing second, catcher to second. Snyder batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney singled to center. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to first, Loney safe at third on error by first baseman Ryal. Paul batting. Martin struck out swinging. DeWitt singled to right, Loney scored, Blake to third, Paul to second. Kershaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blake scored, Paul to third, DeWitt safe at second on error by shortstop Abreu. Furcal singled to deep center, Paul and DeWitt scored, Kershaw to second, Furcal out stretching at second. Kemp homered to right (391 feet), Kershaw scored. Ethier flied out to left. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Snyder singled to left. Reynolds singled to left, Snyder to second. Ryal fouled out to catcher. Gillespie struck out swinging. Ojeda grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney grounded out to second. Blake safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Reynolds. Paul safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Ryal, Blake scored, Paul advanced to first on Ryal throwing error, Paul tagged out at second attempting to advance on play. Martin safe at first on error by shortstop Abreu. DeWitt grounded out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 3 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Lopez struck out swinging. Young grounded out to third. Abreu singled to left. Upton walked, Abreu to second. Snyder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks. Kershaw struck out swinging. Furcal homered to right (431 feet). Kemp flied out to right. Ethier homered to right (381 feet). Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney singled to left. Blake flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds struck out looking. Ryal grounded out to shortstop. Gillespie singled to right. Ojeda grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Paul reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin singled to shallow right, Paul to second. DeWitt singled to left, Paul scored, Martin to second. Kershaw grounded into double play, shortstop to first, DeWitt out at second, Martin to third. Furcal safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Abreu, Martin scored. Kemp popped out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Drew hit for Boyer. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Drew struck out swinging. Young flied out to center. Abreu struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Ethier singled to center. Loney singled to center, Ethier to second. Blake hit by pitch, Ethier to third, Loney to second. Paul singled to right, Ethier and Loney scored, Blake to third. Martin hit sacrifice fly to center, Blake scored. DeWitt struck out swinging. Kershaw struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Carroll at shortstop. Johnson in right field. Belliard at third base. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Upton flied out to center. Snyder struck out swinging. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Gillespie in center field. Parra in left field. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. Kemp doubled to deep right. Johnson grounded out to pitcher, Kemp to third. Loney walked. Belliard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. Ryal doubled to left. Gillespie grounded out to third. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop, Ryal to third. Parra grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Paul struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. DeWitt fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. LaRoche hit for Vasquez. Schlichting pitching for Dodgers. LaRoche singled to center. Abreu struck out looking. Upton struck out looking. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Anderson hit for Schlichting. Anderson singled to right. Anderson to second on passed ball by Snyder. Carroll struck out swinging. Kemp flied out to right, Anderson to third. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Reynolds homered to right (390 feet). Ryal struck out swinging. Gillespie flied out to right. Ojeda grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 14 - Diamondbacks 1.	Dodgers dismantle D-backs thanks to six errors