Giants - Top 1st. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres flied out to center. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. Huff homered to right center (401 feet). Sandoval popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Young struck out swinging. Johnson homered to right (411 feet). Upton walked. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Upton to third. Reynolds struck out swinging. Ryal grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ishikawa singled to right. Renteria walked, Ishikawa to second. Schierholtz flied out to center. Whiteside grounded into double play, third to second to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Snyder struck out swinging. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez lined out to third. Torres grounded out to second. Sanchez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Young struck out looking. Johnson hit by pitch. Johnson caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Upton singled to left. LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff grounded out to second. Sandoval grounded out to first. Ishikawa doubled to deep left center. Renteria singled to center, Ishikawa scored. Schierholtz grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Reynolds walked. Ryal struck out looking. Drew walked, Reynolds to second. Snyder popped out to shortstop. Jackson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Whiteside struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to second. Torres struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Sanchez pitching for Giants. Young walked. Johnson hit ground rule double to deep right, Young to third. Upton popped out to second. LaRoche walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Ryal struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez struck out swinging. Huff homered to right (403 feet). Sandoval singled to center. Ishikawa fouled out to third. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sandoval out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Casilla pitching for Giants. Drew singled to center. Snyder walked, Drew to second. Jackson struck out bunting foul. Young grounded into fielder's choice to first, Snyder out at second, Drew to third. Young stole second. Johnson tripled to deep center, Drew and Young scored. Upton walked. Ray pitching for Giants. LaRoche singled to left, Johnson scored, Upton to second. Reynolds flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Jackson pitching for Diamondbacks. Schierholtz singled to shallow right. Whiteside sacrificed to first, Schierholtz to second, Whiteside safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Jackson. Velez hit for Ray. Velez sacrificed to catcher, Schierholtz to third, Whiteside to second, Velez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Jackson. Schierholtz scored, Whiteside to third on throwing error by pitcher Jackson. Torres tripled to deep center, Whiteside and Velez scored. Sanchez walked. Norberto pitching for Diamondbacks. Huff struck out swinging. Sandoval struck out swinging. Ishikawa grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Romo pitching for Giants. Ryal singled to left center. Drew popped out to shortstop. Snyder struck out swinging. Parra hit for Norberto. Parra singled to right, Ryal to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Schierholtz struck out swinging. Whiteside singled to left. Romo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Romo pitching for Giants. Johnson singled to right. Upton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johnson out at second. LaRoche walked. Wilson pitching for Giants. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, LaRoche out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Torres doubled to right. Sanchez flied out to right, Torres to third. Huff singled to right, Torres scored. Sandoval walked, Huff to second. Ishikawa flied out to left. Renteria walked, Huff to third, Sandoval to second. Schierholtz flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Giants. Ryal singled to right. Drew popped out to shortstop. Snyder lined out to center. Montero hit for Vasquez. Ryal to second on fielder's indifference. Montero struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 7 - Diamondbacks 4.	Giants dispatch D-backs despite Johnson's cycle