Padres - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein reached on infield single to third. Tejada homered to center (412 feet), Eckstein scored. Gonzalez singled to left. Ludwick grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Headley tripled to deep right center. Torrealba grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Drew singled to right. Upton walked, Drew to second. Johnson lined out to first. Young grounded into fielder's choice to second, Upton out at second, Drew to third. Montero doubled to deep center, Drew and Young scored. Reynolds homered to right (377 feet), Montero scored. Ryal struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Denorfia singled to right. Hairston lined out to center. LeBlanc bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Denorfia out at second. Eckstein lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Saunders grounded out to third. Drew hit ground rule double to deep center. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada flied out to left. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Ludwick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Padres. Johnson flied out to left. Young singled to center. Montero struck out swinging. Reynolds homered to left (435 feet), Young scored. Ryal popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley lined out to center. Torrealba reached on infield single to third. Denorfia grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. Denorfia caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Hairston batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Parra flied out to left. Saunders struck out looking. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston popped out to first. Stauffer singled to right. Stauffer to second on wild pitch by Saunders. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop, Stauffer to third. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Upton singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Upton out at second. Young grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. Ludwick struck out swinging. Headley grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Stauffer pitching for Padres. Montero struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out looking. Ryal doubled to deep left. Parra intentionally walked. Saunders grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Torrealba singled to center. Denorfia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Torrealba out at second. Hairston doubled to left. Cunningham hit for Stauffer. Cunningham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Drew flied out to center. Upton struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Church in left field. Parra in right field. Saunders pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein lined out to pitcher. Tejada singled to left. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Tejada to third on throwing error by first baseman Ryal. Ludwick grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Mujica pitching for Padres. Young singled to center. Montero singled to right, Young to third. Reynolds singled to left, Young scored, Montero to second. Ryal grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Reynolds out at second, Montero to third. Parra struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley struck out swinging. Torrealba grounded out to second. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 2 - Diamondbacks 7.	Padres' skid reaches 5