Padres - Top 1st. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein singled to right. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. Gonzalez doubled to left, Tejada scored. Ludwick singled to center, Gonzalez scored. Ludwick to second on wild pitch by Kennedy. Headley walked. Venable flied out to left. Denorfia struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Drew struck out swinging. Ryal singled to center. Johnson flied out to center. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley grounded out to third. Correia popped out to second. Eckstein flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Montero singled to center. Montero to second on wild pitch by Correia. Reynolds homered to right center (418 feet), Montero scored. Parra lined out to second. Church doubled to deep right. Kennedy struck out swinging. Drew lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada flied out to center. Gonzalez fouled out to third. Ludwick struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Ryal popped out to first. Johnson grounded out to first. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Headley singled to right. Venable grounded into fielder's choice to second, Headley out at second. Denorfia struck out swinging, Venable stole second. Hundley doubled to deep center, Venable scored. Correia struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Montero grounded out to first. Reynolds struck out swinging. Parra walked. Church struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein lined out to second. Tejada flied out to right. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. Kennedy walked. Drew singled to right, Kennedy to second. Ryal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second, Kennedy to third. Johnson walked, Ryal to second. Young singled to left, Kennedy scored, Ryal to third, Johnson to second. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Montero hit ground rule double to deep left, Ryal and Johnson scored, Young to third. Reynolds intentionally walked. Parra singled to center, Young and Montero scored, Reynolds to second. Church struck out swinging. Kennedy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick walked. Headley grounded out to second, Ludwick to second. Venable grounded out to second, Ludwick to third. Denorfia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Drew struck out swinging. Frieri pitching for Padres. Hairston in left field. Ryal struck out swinging. Johnson walked. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Kennedy pitching for Diamondbacks. Hundley doubled to deep left. Hairston flied out to left. Eckstein singled to right, Hundley to third. Tejada struck out looking. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Frieri pitching for Padres. Montero flied out to right. Reynolds walked. Reynolds caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Ludwick grounded out to shortstop. Headley singled to left. Venable grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Headley out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Church doubled to deep left. Roberts hit for Boyer. Roberts safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez. Drew flied out to center. Ryal struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Padres - Top 9th. Demel pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera hit for Adams. Cabrera walked. Hundley doubled to deep left center, Cabrera scored. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston struck out swinging. Eckstein grounded out to first, Hundley to third. Tejada grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 4 - Diamondbacks 7.	Padres lose 6th straight