Marlins - Top 1st. Hill pitching for Nationals. Ramirez grounded out to second. Uggla struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Lopez flied out to right. Guzman singled to center. Zimmerman reached on infield single to third, Guzman to second, Guzman to third, Zimmerman to second on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Church grounded out to first, Guzman scored, Zimmerman to third. Kearns grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 2nd. Hill pitching for Nationals. Willingham grounded out to shortstop. Boone struck out swinging. Olivo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Belliard singled to right. Schneider reached on infield single to catcher, Belliard to second. Logan grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Schneider out at second, Belliard to third. Hill struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Hill pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie struck out swinging. Amezaga flied out to left. Olsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. Uggla flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Church grounded out to shortstop. Kearns safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cabrera. Kearns to second on passed ball by Olivo. Belliard flied into double play, center to second, Kearns doubled off second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Hill pitching for Nationals. Willingham walked. Boone walked, Willingham to second. Olivo flied out to left. Abercrombie flied out to center. Amezaga grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Schneider singled to right. Logan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second. Hill walked. Lopez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Olsen safe at first on error by first baseman Belliard. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop, Olsen to second. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Olsen pitching for Marlins. Guzman singled to center. Zimmerman flied out to right. Church doubled to right, Guzman scored, Church to third on throwing error by first baseman Boone. Kearns hit sacrifice fly to right, Church scored. Belliard singled to left. Schneider doubled to deep right, Belliard scored. Batista hit for Abreu. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Logan reached on infield single to shortstop, Schneider to third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Batista flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Willingham singled to left center. Boone struck out swinging. Olivo flied out to right. Abercrombie reached on infield single to third, Willingham to second. Amezaga fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Gardner pitching for Marlins. Lopez hit ground rule double to deep left center. Guzman singled to left, Lopez to third. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Lopez scored. Langerhans ran for Church. Abercrombie in center field. Julio pitching for Marlins. Borchard in right field. Church singled to right, Guzman to third. Kearns singled to right, Guzman scored, Langerhans to second. Belliard flied out to center. Langerhans in left field. Colome pitching for Nationals. Fick at first base. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kearns out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Colome pitching for Nationals. Borchard flied out to left. Ramirez singled to right. Uggla struck out swinging. Cabrera lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Julio pitching for Marlins. Logan singled to right. Fick struck out swinging. Lopez struck out looking. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Guzman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Willingham struck out swinging. Boone singled to left. Olivo fouled out to catcher. Boone to second on fielder's indifference. Abercrombie grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 0 - Nationals 6.	Nationals blank Marlins to end eight-game slide