Marlins - Top 1st. Chico pitching for Nationals. Ramirez doubled to deep right. Uggla struck out looking. Cabrera walked. Ramirez caught stealing third, catcher to third. Willingham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Lopez lined out to shortstop. Guzman grounded out to first. Zimmerman lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Boone flied out to right. Gall fouled out to catcher. Olivo singled to center. Abercrombie lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Church flied out to center. Kearns walked. Schneider grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kearns out at second. Fick flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Nolasco struck out swinging. Ramirez flied out to left. Uggla doubled to left. Cabrera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Langerhans singled to right. Chico sacrificed into fielder's choice to catcher, Langerhans to second. Lopez sacrificed to catcher, Langerhans to third, Chico to second. Guzman walked. Zimmerman hit sacrifice fly to center, Langerhans scored, Chico to third, Guzman to second. Church walked. Kearns flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Willingham doubled to deep center. Boone flied out to left. Gall hit by pitch. Olivo singled to right center, Willingham scored, Gall thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. Abercrombie flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Schneider grounded out to first. Fick flied out to center. Langerhans singled to right. Chico singled to right, Langerhans to second. Lopez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Nolasco popped out to shortstop. Ramirez doubled to right. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Uggla doubled to deep left center, Ramirez scored. Cabrera intentionally walked. Willingham singled to right, Uggla to third, Cabrera to second. Boone singled to center, Uggla scored, Cabrera to third, Willingham to second. Gall struck out swinging. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Olivo struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Guzman singled to left. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Wood hit for Lindstrom. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Abercrombie grounded out to second. Wood doubled to deep center. Ramirez struck out looking. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Uggla lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Kearns inside-the-park home run to deep center. Schneider singled to left center. Fick lined into double play, to first, Schneider doubled off first. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Langerhans struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Cabrera struck out swinging. Willingham hit ground rule double to deep left. Borchard hit for Gall. Boone walked. Borchard fouled out to first. Olivo reached on infield single to second, Willingham to third, Boone to second. Borchard in right field. Batista hit for Abreu. Abercrombie grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Olivo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Pinto pitching for Marlins. Batista flied out to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Amezaga hit for Pinto. Guzman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Amezaga struck out looking. Ramirez grounded out to second. Uggla doubled to right. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. Church flied out to center. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Kearns fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Willingham walked. Boone bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Willingham out at second. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Borchard grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Belliard hit for Fick. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Schneider walked. Logan ran for Schneider. Young hit for Langerhans. Belliard lined out to center. Flores hit for Rauch. Young singled to left center, Logan to third. Bergmann ran for Young. Flores walked, Young to second. Lopez singled to right, Logan scored, Bergmann to third, Flores to second. Guzman struck out looking. Julio pitching for Marlins. Zimmerman homered to left center, Bergmann, Flores and Lopez scored. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 3 - Nationals 7.	Zimmerman slam seals Nats' rain-soaked win