Braves - Top 1st. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Johnson fouled out to third. Renteria singled to center. Jones doubled to deep right, Renteria to third. Jones singled to left, Renteria and Jones scored. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Davies pitching for Braves. Guzman grounded out to first. Belliard singled to right. Zimmerman doubled to deep right, Belliard scored. Church grounded out to second, Zimmerman to third. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Francoeur flied out to center. Thorman singled to center. Harris grounded out to first, Thorman to second. Davies struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Davies pitching for Braves. Schneider popped out to shortstop. Fick struck out swinging. Langerhans struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Speigner pitching for Nationals. Johnson struck out swinging. Renteria doubled to deep right center. Jones grounded out to third. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Davies pitching for Braves. Speigner grounded out to first. Guzman struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Speigner pitching for Nationals. McCann popped out to second. Francoeur doubled to deep right. Thorman singled to right, Francoeur scored, Thorman to second advancing on throw. Thorman to third on wild pitch by Speigner. Harris singled to right center, Thorman scored. Davies struck out bunting foul. Johnson safe at first on error by first baseman Fick, Harris to third. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Johnson out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Davies pitching for Braves. Zimmerman homered to right center. Church grounded out to first. Kearns grounded out to third. Traber pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Jones lined out to first. Jones singled to shallow left. McCann struck out looking. Francoeur grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Davies pitching for Braves. Fick flied out to left. Flores hit for Traber. Langerhans singled to right center. Flores walked, Langerhans to second. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Langerhans to third, Flores safe at second on error by second baseman Johnson. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Langerhans scored, Guzman out at second, Flores to third. Zimmerman walked, Belliard to second. Paronto pitching for Braves. Church doubled to deep right center, Flores, Belliard and Zimmerman scored. Kearns walked. King pitching for Nationals. Schneider grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. King pitching for Nationals. Thorman grounded out to second. Woodward hit for Paronto. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Harris struck out swinging. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Woodward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Fick grounded out to second. Young hit for Abreu. Langerhans struck out swinging. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Johnson reached on infield single to second. Renteria flied out to center. Jones flied out to left. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Villarreal pitching for Braves. Guzman bunt grounded out to pitcher. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Cordero pitching for Nationals. Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Cordero pitching for Nationals. McCann fouled out to third. Francoeur struck out swinging. Wickman pitching for Braves. Thorman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Wickman pitching for Braves. Church flied out to right. Kearns flied out to center. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Langerhans in left field. Logan in center field. Schneider flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Diaz hit for Wickman. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Harris grounded out to first. Diaz struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Nationals 6.	Church's go-ahead, 3-run double carries Nationals