Nationals - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Guzman singled to right. Belliard hit ground rule double to deep center, Guzman to third. Zimmerman grounded out to second, Guzman scored, Belliard to third. Young grounded out to first. Kearns struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Castillo grounded out to second. Mauer grounded out to second. Cuddyer grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Church doubled to deep right. Schneider singled to center, Church to third. Fick grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Church scored, Schneider out at second. Langerhans flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Morneau flied out to center. Hunter singled to center. Redmond grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Hunter out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman singled to left. Zimmerman to second on balk by Silva. Young singled to left, Zimmerman scored. Kearns walked, Young to second. Church singled to center, Young scored, Kearns to second. Schneider grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Kubel grounded out to first. Punto singled to right. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Punto safe at second on error by shortstop Guzman. Castillo grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Bartlett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Fick singled to center. Langerhans walked, Fick to second. Guzman singled to center, Fick scored, Langerhans to second. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Belliard grounded out to pitcher, Langerhans to third, Guzman to second. Zimmerman singled to left, Langerhans scored, Guzman to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman scored, Zimmerman out at second. Kearns safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett, Young to second. Church grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Mauer lined out to right. Cuddyer struck out looking. Morneau safe at second on error by left fielder Church. Hunter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Schneider flied out to left. Fick lined out to shortstop. Langerhans struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Redmond flied out to right. Kubel grounded out to first. Punto grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Guzman hit ground rule double to deep left center. Belliard grounded out to first, Guzman to third. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Young singled to right, Guzman scored. Kearns singled to center, Young to third. Church grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. Castillo flied out to center. Mauer tripled to deep left. Cuddyer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Schneider flied out to center. Fick lined out to shortstop. Langerhans flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Morneau singled to center. Hunter flied out to center. Redmond singled to right center, Morneau to third. Kubel homered to right, Morneau and Redmond scored. Punto popped out to shortstop. Bartlett lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 8th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Guzman singled to right center. Belliard struck out swinging. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Simontacchi pitching for Nationals. Castillo struck out swinging. Mauer grounded out to first. Cuddyer walked. Traber pitching for Nationals. Morneau singled to right center, Cuddyer to third. Hunter singled to center, Cuddyer scored, Morneau to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Redmond grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Ortiz pitching for Twins. Young singled to deep right center, Young tagged out at second. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. Church flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Logan in center field. Langerhans in left field. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Kubel grounded out to shortstop. Tyner hit for Bartlett. Punto flied out to left. Tyner reached on infield single to second. Tyner to second on fielder's indifference. Castillo singled to center, Tyner scored. Mauer lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Twins 5.	Young, Nats spoil Mauer's return in win over Twins