Tigers - Top 1st. Chico pitching for Nationals. Granderson singled to center. Polanco lined into double play, third to first, Granderson doubled off first. Sheffield grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Lopez flied out to right. Zimmerman fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Ordonez singled to left center. Guillen hit ground rule double to deep right center, Ordonez to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Thames singled to right center, Ordonez scored, Guillen to third. Inge hit sacrifice fly to left, Guillen scored, Thames to second. Maroth grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young doubled to deep right center. Kearns singled to right, Young to third. Church walked, Kearns to second. Schneider hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored, Kearns to third. Logan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Church out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Chico pitching for Nationals. Granderson safe at first on error by first baseman Young. Polanco flied out to right. Sheffield singled to left, Granderson to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sheffield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Chico struck out looking. Guzman doubled to right. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Guzman out at third. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Guillen homered to left center. Rodriguez fouled out to first. Thames fouled out to first. Inge flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Young struck out swinging. Kearns flied out to right. Church struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Chico pitching for Nationals. Maroth doubled to deep center. Granderson walked. Polanco singled to right, Maroth to third, Granderson to second. Sheffield singled to center, Maroth and Granderson scored, Polanco to second. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Sheffield to second. Guillen singled to center, Polanco and Sheffield scored, Ordonez to third. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ordonez scored, Guillen out at second. Thames homered to left. Casey at first base. Inge fouled out to first. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Schneider struck out looking. Logan grounded out to third. Abreu flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Maroth struck out looking. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco out on batter's interference to catcher. Polanco batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Maroth pitching for Tigers. Guzman singled to left. Lopez tripled to deep left center, Guzman scored. Zimmerman safe at first on error by shortstop Guillen, Lopez scored. Young singled to center, Zimmerman to second. Seay pitching for Tigers. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to third, Young to second. Church singled to right, Zimmerman scored, Young to third, Kearns to second. Schneider hit sacrifice fly to center, Young scored. Batista hit for Abreu. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Logan grounded into fielder's choice to third, Church out at second, Kearns to third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Batista grounded out to catcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 7th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher. Guillen grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Grilli pitching for Tigers. Guzman grounded out to shortstop. Lopez walked. Zimmerman grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rodriguez flied out to left. Casey grounded out to pitcher. De La Cruz pitching for Tigers. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. De La Cruz pitching for Tigers. Young grounded out to second. Kearns grounded out to third. Church singled to left. Church to second on wild pitch by De La Cruz. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Fick in left field. Infante hit for De La Cruz. Schneider grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Rauch pitching for Nationals. Infante struck out swinging. Granderson flied out to left. Jones pitching for Tigers. Langerhans hit for Logan. Polanco popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Langerhans doubled to deep right. Fick singled to left, Langerhans to third. Guzman tripled to deep right, Langerhans and Fick scored. Lopez singled to left, Guzman scored. Zimmerman singled to right, Lopez to second. Young struck out swinging. Belliard hit for Rauch. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to first, Zimmerman out at second, Lopez to third. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Nationals 8.	Tigers use six-run fifth inning to outslug Nationals