Cardinals - Top 1st. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Eckstein popped out to shortstop. Edmonds doubled to deep right. Rolen flied out to center. Duncan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Lopez grounded out to second. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Spiezio walked. Encarnacion popped out to third. Molina grounded into double play, second to first to shortstop, Spiezio out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Young singled to right. Kearns struck out swinging. Church grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Young out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Pineiro flied out to left. Kennedy homered to right. Eckstein flied out to center. Edmonds struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Schneider grounded out to second. Logan reached on infield single to third. Hanrahan sacrificed to first, Logan to second. Lopez walked. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Rolen walked. Duncan struck out swinging. Spiezio lined into double play, second to first, Rolen doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman homered to left. Young singled to center. Kearns grounded into fielder's choice to third, Young out at second. Church lined out to right. Schneider walked, Kearns to second. Logan singled to right, Kearns scored, Schneider to third. Logan stole second. Hanrahan doubled to left, Schneider and Logan scored. Lopez singled to right, Hanrahan to third. Belliard grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Encarnacion lined out to third. Molina grounded out to second. Pineiro walked. Kennedy singled to right, Pineiro to second. Eckstein singled to left, Pineiro to third, Kennedy to second. Edmonds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Young grounded out to shortstop. Kearns struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Hanrahan pitching for Nationals. Rolen singled to left center. Duncan singled to right, Rolen to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Spiezio fouled out to third. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Spiezio fouled out to third. Encarnacion walked, Rolen to third, Duncan to second. Molina grounded into double play, third to second to first, Encarnacion out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Duncan at first base. Maroth pitching for Cardinals. Ludwick in left field. Church popped out to shortstop. Schneider doubled to deep right center. Logan doubled to center, Schneider scored. Batista hit for Rivera. Batista singled to left, Logan scored. Lopez safe at first on error by second baseman Kennedy, Batista to third. Belliard hit sacrifice fly to center, Batista scored. Zimmerman homered to left center, Lopez scored. Young doubled to deep left. Kearns struck out swinging. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. Traber pitching for Nationals. Batista at first base. Ludwick singled to left. Kennedy flied out to left. Eckstein grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ludwick out at second. Edmonds singled to right, Eckstein to second. Rolen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Church singled to center. Schneider homered to right, Church scored. Logan walked. Batista struck out swinging. Jimenez hit for Lopez. Jimenez flied out to center. Belliard flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Jimenez at shortstop. Traber pitching for Nationals. Duncan lined out to right. Taguchi hit for Thompson. Taguchi singled to left. Encarnacion grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Taguchi out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Taguchi in right field. Miles pitching for Cardinals. Zimmerman grounded out to third. Langerhans hit for Traber. Langerhans flied out to right. Kearns grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Langerhans in right field. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Molina struck out swinging. Ludwick singled to left. Kennedy safe at first on error by first baseman Batista, Ludwick to second. Eckstein struck out swinging. Edmonds walked, Ludwick to third, Kennedy to second. Rolen grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 1 - Nationals 12.	Nats continue winning ways by pounding Cardinals