Nationals - Top 1st. Seddon pitching for Marlins. Logan bunt grounded out to third. Lopez struck out swinging. Zimmerman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 1st. Bacsik Jr. pitching for Nationals. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla walked. Hermida grounded out to first, Uggla to second. Cabrera singled to center, Uggla to third. Willingham struck out swinging. Jacobs hit by pitch, Cabrera to second. Ross popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 2nd. Seddon pitching for Marlins. Young grounded out to shortstop. Kearns doubled to deep left center. Pena singled to right, Kearns scored, Pena to second advancing on throw. Pena stole third. Belliard hit sacrifice fly to right, Pena scored. Schneider flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 2nd. Bacsik Jr. pitching for Nationals. Hoover singled to left. Seddon sacrificed to third, Hoover to second. Ramirez singled to center, Hoover to third. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoover scored, Ramirez out at second. Hermida flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 3rd. Seddon pitching for Marlins. Bacsik struck out looking. Logan struck out swinging. Lopez singled to right. Zimmerman singled to left, Lopez to second. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 3rd. Bacsik Jr. pitching for Nationals. Cabrera grounded out to third. Willingham singled to left. Jacobs homered to right, Willingham scored. Ross homered to left. Hoover singled to right. Seddon sacrificed to third, Hoover to second. Ramirez hit by pitch. Abreu pitching for Nationals. Uggla struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 4th. Seddon pitching for Marlins. Kearns doubled to left center. Pena singled to center, Kearns scored. Belliard hit ground rule double to deep left, Pena to third. Schneider walked. Maxwell hit for Abreu. Maxwell homered to left, Pena, Belliard and Schneider scored. Barone pitching for Marlins. Logan reached on infield single to pitcher. Logan caught stealing second, pitcher to first. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Zimmerman grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 4th. Bowie pitching for Nationals. Hermida flied out to left. Cabrera walked. Willingham reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second. Jacobs singled to right, Cabrera scored, Willingham to second. Carroll hit for Ross. Carroll walked, Willingham to third, Jacobs to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Hoover struck out swinging. Linden hit for Barone. Linden grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 5th. Carroll in center field. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Young walked. Kearns flied out to center. Pena struck out swinging. Belliard popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 5th. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Ramirez doubled to left. Uggla singled to center, Ramirez to third. Ramirez scored, Uggla to second on passed ball by Schneider. Hermida flied out to center, Uggla to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Willingham singled to center, Uggla scored. Jacobs walked, Willingham to second. Carroll struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 6th. Kensing pitching for Marlins. Schneider singled to center. Langerhans hit for Rivera. Langerhans struck out swinging. Logan grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schneider out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 6th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Hoover popped out to second. De Aza hit for Kensing. De Aza flied out to center. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 7th. Lindstrom pitching for Marlins. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Zimmerman singled to right. Young doubled to deep center, Zimmerman scored. Kearns hit by pitch. Pena struck out swinging. Belliard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kearns out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 7th. Schroder pitching for Nationals. Uggla singled to center. Hermida singled to left, Uggla to third. Albaladejo pitching for Nationals. Cabrera singled to right center, Uggla scored, Hermida to second. Willingham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hermida out at third, Cabrera to second. Jacobs doubled to center, Cabrera and Willingham scored, Jacobs to third on throwing error by shortstop Lopez. Carroll flied out to right. Hoover grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Nationals - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Marlins. Wood at first base. Schneider flied out to center. Church hit for Albaladejo. Church grounded out to first. Logan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Bottom 8th. Ayala pitching for Nationals. Amezaga hit for Miller. Amezaga grounded out to first. Ramirez homered to left. Uggla singled to left. Hermida singled to right, Uggla to third. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Uggla scored, Hermida to second. Willingham flied out to right, Hermida to third. Wood grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Top 9th. Gregg pitching for Marlins. Amezaga at third base. Lopez struck out looking. Zimmerman singled to center. Young struck out swinging. Kearns walked, Zimmerman to second. Pena grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kearns out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Nationals 8 - Marlins 13.	Ramirez, Jacobs power Marlins past Nationals