Reds - Top 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Valent struck out swinging. Castro singled to center. Jimenez singled to center, Castro to second. Casey doubled to left, Castro and Jimenez scored. Branyan struck out swinging. LaRue singled to right center, Casey scored. Stenson struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Serafini pitching for Reds. Hart flied out to center. Cairo popped out to second. Pujols homered to left center. Rolen walked. Renteria walked, Rolen to second. Rolen to third, Renteria to second on wild pitch by Serafini. Marrero tripled to deep center, Rolen and Renteria scored. Matheny flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Pena struck out looking. Serafini grounded out to first. Valent struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Serafini pitching for Reds. Taguchi popped out to shortstop. Williams singled to left. Hart tripled to deep center, Williams scored. Cairo popped out to pitcher, Hart scored on throwing error by pitcher Serafini. Pujols singled to left. Rolen popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Jimenez struck out looking. Casey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Serafini pitching for Reds. Renteria reached on infield single to second. Renteria caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Marrero reached on infield single to third. Matheny safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Jimenez, Marrero to second. Taguchi singled to left, Marrero scored, Matheny to second. Williams sacrificed to third, Matheny to third, Taguchi to second. Hart doubled to deep left, Matheny and Taguchi scored. Cairo reached on infield single to second, Hart scored, Cairo to second on throwing error by first baseman Casey. Pujols walked. Reith pitching for Reds. Rolen singled to left, Cairo scored, Pujols to second. Renteria flied out to center. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Reds - Top 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Branyan walked. LaRue fouled out to first. Stenson popped out to third. Pena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Reith pitching for Reds. Marrero struck out swinging. Matheny flied out to center. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Reith struck out swinging. Valent singled to right. Castro singled to left center, Valent to second. Jimenez homered to right, Valent and Castro scored. Casey flied out to center. Sardinha hit for LaRue. Branyan walked. Sardinha catching. Sardinha struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Reith pitching for Reds. Williams doubled to deep right. Hart reached on bunt single to third, Williams to third. Cairo hit sacrifice fly to left, Williams scored, Hart to second on throwing error by left fielder Stenson. Pujols intentionally walked. Rolen lined into double play, to second, Hart doubled off second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Reds - Top 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Stenson singled to left. Hummel hit for Reith. Pena flied out to left. Hummel popped out to second. Valent reached on infield single to shortstop, Stenson to second. Randall pitching for Reds. Hummel at shortstop. Castro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Randall pitching for Reds. Renteria grounded out to second. Marrero struck out swinging. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Matheny grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 7th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Jimenez grounded out to shortstop. Casey lined out to center. Branyan walked. Sardinha flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Edmonds hit for Kline. Randall pitching for Reds. Taguchi safe at second on error by third baseman Branyan. Edmonds struck out swinging. Hart reached on infield single to third, Taguchi to third. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Cairo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Reds - Top 8th. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Stenson lined out to third. Pena grounded out to shortstop. Hall pitching for Reds. Hummel struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Hall pitching for Reds. Pujols walked. Rolen walked, Pujols to second. Renteria singled to center, Pujols scored, Rolen to third. Marrero hit sacrifice fly to center, Rolen scored. Matheny flied out to center. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Girardi catching. Taguchi popped out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Reds - Top 9th. Olmedo hit for Hall. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Valent flied out to left. Olmedo grounded out to first. Jimenez singled to center. Casey flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Reds 6 - Cardinals 13.	Drought over: Cards' Williams ends streak