Twins - Top 1st. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Stewart safe at first on error by third baseman Blake. Punto struck out looking. Mientkiewicz grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Lawton struck out looking. Vizquel popped out to shortstop. Gerut grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Koskie flied out to center. Offerman grounded out to first. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Blake singled to right. Hafner singled to center, Blake to second. Martinez flied out to right, Blake to third. Broussard singled to left, Blake scored, Hafner to second. Hafner safe at third on error by Silva. Belliard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Broussard out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Ryan singled to center. Blanco homered to left, Ryan scored. Guzman tripled to deep center. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to center, Guzman scored. Punto fouled out to first. Mientkiewicz singled to left. Koskie fouled out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Crisp grounded out to first. Lawton grounded out to second. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Offerman lined out to left. Jones grounded out to second. Ryan flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Gerut flied out to center. Blake walked. Hafner flied out to center. Martinez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Blanco singled to center. Blanco caught stealing second, Blanco safe at second on error by Vizquel. Guzman doubled to right, Blanco scored. Stewart flied out to left, Guzman scored on throwing error by left fielder Lawton. Punto singled to center. Mientkiewicz lined into double play, left to shortstop to first, Punto doubled off first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Broussard lined out to left. Belliard lined out to right. Crisp doubled to deep right. Lawton singled to center, Crisp scored. Vizquel singled to right center, Lawton to third. Gerut grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Koskie grounded out to shortstop. Offerman grounded out to first. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Blake singled to right. Fultz pitching for Twins. Hafner walked, Blake to second. Martinez flied out to center, Blake to third. Broussard grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blake scored, Hafner out at second. Belliard popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. D'Amico pitching for Indians. Ryan flied out to center. Blanco doubled to deep left. Guzman grounded out to second, Blanco to third. Stewart pitching for Indians. Stewart doubled to deep right, Blanco scored. Punto popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Fultz pitching for Twins. Crisp lined out to right. Lawton lined out to right. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Stewart pitching for Indians. Mientkiewicz doubled to left. Koskie struck out looking. Offerman intentionally walked. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Jones singled to right, Mientkiewicz scored, Offerman to third. Ryan reached on infield single to third, Offerman scored, Jones to second. Blanco doubled to deep left, Jones scored, Ryan to third. Guzman grounded out to pitcher. Romero pitching for Twins. Stewart grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Twins. Gerut walked. Blake struck out swinging. McDonald at second base. Hafner grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gerut out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Punto singled to center. Mientkiewicz grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Punto out at second. Koskie homered to right. Nathan pitching for Twins. Offerman lined out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Nathan pitching for Twins. Martinez homered to right. Broussard walked. McDonald grounded into fielder's choice to third, Broussard out at second. Crisp fouled out to third. McDonald to second on fielder's indifference. Lawton singled to center, McDonald scored. Lawton to second on fielder's indifference. Vizquel singled to right, Lawton scored. Vizquel to second on fielder's indifference. Rincon pitching for Twins. Gerut walked. Blake struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Indians 6.	Twins win by giving Indians Blanco look