Royals - Top 1st. Durbin pitching for Indians. Graffanino struck out swinging. Beltran singled to deep right. Beltran stole second. Sweeney singled to deep right center, Beltran scored, Sweeney to second advancing on throw. Gonzalez singled to left, Sweeney to third. Stairs doubled to deep right, Sweeney scored, Gonzalez to third. Randa intentionally walked. Santiago struck out looking. Harvey reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez scored, Stairs to third, Randa to second. Blanco singled to left center, Stairs and Randa scored, Harvey to second. Graffanino lined out to second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Royals. Belliard singled to center. Vizquel struck out looking. Lawton flied out to right. Blake grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Durbin pitching for Indians. Beltran hit by pitch. Sweeney singled to left, Beltran to second. Robertson pitching for Indians. Gonzalez struck out looking. Beltran stole third, Sweeney stole second. Stairs grounded out to shortstop, Beltran scored. Randa flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Hafner singled to center. Martinez doubled to deep right, Hafner to third. Escobar doubled to deep right, Hafner and Martinez scored. Broussard flied out to center. Crisp reached on infield single to shortstop, Escobar hit by batted ball out at third. Belliard struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Indians. Santiago flied out to center. Harvey struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Royals. Vizquel grounded out to third. Lawton walked. Blake grounded out to second, Lawton to second. Lawton in right field. Merloni in left field. Hafner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Indians. Graffanino singled to deep left, Graffanino out stretching at second. Beltran walked. Sweeney flied out to right. Beltran to second on wild pitch by Robertson. Beltran stole third. Gonzalez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Blake, Beltran scored. Stairs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Martinez singled to left. Merloni safe at second on error by right fielder Gonzalez, Martinez to third. Broussard grounded out to second, Martinez scored, Merloni to third. Crisp grounded out to second, Merloni scored. Belliard flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Indians. Randa flied out to left. Santiago singled to center. Harvey grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Vizquel grounded out to pitcher. Lawton singled to right. Blake grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Lawton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Indians. Blanco walked. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco out at second. Beltran walked, Graffanino to second. Sweeney grounded out to third, Graffanino to third, Beltran to second. Gonzalez intentionally walked. Stairs homered to center, Graffanino, Beltran and Gonzalez scored. Randa flied out to right. 4 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Hafner walked. Martinez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hafner out at second. Merloni flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Robertson pitching for Indians. Santiago grounded out to third. Harvey homered to right center. Blanco hit by pitch. Graffanino safe at first on error by shortstop Vizquel, Blanco to second. Lee pitching for Indians. Beltran struck out swinging. Sweeney singled to center, Blanco scored, Graffanino to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Graffanino and Sweeney scored. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Lee. Thompson ran for Stairs. Stairs walked. Randa walked, Thompson to second. Lopez in left field. Thompson in right field. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Santiago struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Broussard grounded out to pitcher. Crisp grounded out to first. Belliard walked. Belliard to second on wild pitch by Grimsley. McDonald at second base. Vizquel grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Lee pitching for Indians. Harvey grounded out to third. Blanco flied out to left. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Graffanino grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Sullivan pitching for Royals. Lawton homered to right center. Blake flied out to center. Hafner struck out swinging. Laker pitching for Indians. Martinez fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Laker pitching for Indians. Beltran walked. Sweeney singled to left, Beltran to second. Lopez fouled out to first. Field pitching for Royals. Thompson grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Field pitching for Royals. Merloni singled to center. Broussard flied out to right. Crisp lined out to center. McDonald struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 15 - Indians 5.	Royals, Stairs (6 RBIs) slam Indians