Indians - Top 1st. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Belliard struck out looking. Merloni struck out looking. Lawton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Davis pitching for Indians. Roberts grounded out to third. Mora homered to right center. Tejada flied out to center. Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Hafner struck out swinging. Blake singled to deep left. Blake stole second. Blake to third on passed ball by Lopez. Gerut struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Davis pitching for Indians. Lopez singled to left. Gibbons struck out swinging. Surhoff hit ground rule double to deep right, Lopez to third. Matos reached on infield single to shortstop, Lopez scored, Surhoff to third. Bigbie singled to center, Surhoff scored, Matos to second. Roberts flied out to center. Mora flied out to right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Escobar walked. McDonald singled to right, Escobar to third, McDonald to second advancing on throw. Belliard singled to left, Escobar scored, McDonald scored on throwing error by left fielder Bigbie. Merloni struck out swinging. Lawton grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Belliard out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Davis pitching for Indians. Tejada singled to left. Tejada to second on wild pitch by Davis. Palmeiro walked. Lopez popped out to third. Gibbons doubled to right, Tejada scored, Palmeiro to third. Surhoff grounded into double play, first to catcher, Palmeiro out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Martinez flied out to center. Hafner walked. Blake flied out to left. Hafner stole second. Gerut walked. Escobar doubled to deep right, Hafner and Gerut scored, Escobar to third advancing on throw. McDonald singled to right, Escobar scored. Belliard struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Davis pitching for Indians. Matos popped out to shortstop. Bigbie grounded out to shortstop. Roberts grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. DuBose pitching for Orioles. Merloni homered to center. Lawton struck out looking. Martinez grounded out to second. Hafner struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Davis pitching for Indians. Mora singled to center. Tejada homered to center, Mora scored. Palmeiro fouled out to third. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. Gibbons walked. Surhoff walked, Gibbons to second. Riley pitching for Orioles. Matos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Surhoff out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Riley pitching for Orioles. Blake grounded out to third. Gerut singled to center. Escobar struck out swinging. Gerut stole second. McDonald walked. DeJean pitching for Orioles. Broussard hit for Merloni. Belliard walked, Gerut to third, McDonald to second. Broussard singled to left, Gerut and McDonald scored, Belliard to second. Lawton hit by pitch, Belliard to third, Broussard to second. Broussard at first base. Riske pitching for Indians. Martinez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Riske pitching for Indians. Bigbie hit ground rule double to deep left. Roberts flied out to left. Mora struck out swinging. Tejada homered to left, Bigbie scored. Palmeiro walked. Lopez singled to center, Palmeiro to second. Gibbons reached on infield single to second, Palmeiro to third, Lopez to second. Groom pitching for Orioles. Groom pitching for Orioles. Surhoff doubled to deep right, Palmeiro and Lopez scored, Gibbons tagged out at home. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Groom pitching for Orioles. Hafner singled to left. Blake reached on infield single to second, Hafner to second. Lopez pitching for Orioles. Gerut singled to right, Hafner to third, Blake to second. Vizquel hit for McDonald. Escobar walked, Hafner scored, Blake to third, Gerut to second. Vizquel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blake out at home, Gerut to third, Escobar to second. Vizquel at shortstop. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Belliard grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Gerut out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Matos flied out to center. Bigbie grounded out to first. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Roberts flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Ryan pitching for Orioles. Broussard struck out swinging. Lawton struck out looking. Martinez doubled to deep left center. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Mora reached on infield single to third. Mora stole second. Tejada flied out to left, Mora to third. Palmeiro intentionally walked. Lopez singled to left, Mora scored, Palmeiro to third. Gibbons grounded out to second, Palmeiro scored, Lopez to second. Surhoff intentionally walked. Julio pitching for Orioles. Crisp hit for Blake. Matos popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Julio pitching for Orioles. Crisp grounded out to second. Gerut singled to right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop, Gerut to second. Vizquel singled to deep right, Gerut scored. Vizquel to second on fielder's indifference. Belliard walked. Broussard singled to left, Vizquel scored, Belliard to second. Lawton hit by pitch, Belliard to third, Broussard to second. Martinez popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 11 - Orioles 12.	Orioles nip Indians for three-game sweep