White Sox - Top 1st. Davis pitching for Indians. Harris singled to center. Uribe sacrificed to pitcher, Harris to second. Ordonez grounded out to pitcher, Harris to third. Thomas walked. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Belliard walked. Vizquel singled to right, Belliard to third. Gerut grounded out to first, Belliard scored, Vizquel to second. Martinez grounded out to third. Escobar walked. Merloni struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Davis pitching for Indians. Valentin fouled out to third. Konerko struck out looking. Gload struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Broussard struck out looking. Laker singled to right. Crisp flied out to left. Belliard singled to left, Laker to second. Vizquel safe at first on error by third baseman Uribe, Laker advanced to third on play, Belliard to second, Laker tagged out at home attempting to advance on play. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 3rd. Davis pitching for Indians. Alomar Jr singled to right center. Harris lined out to shortstop. Uribe flied out to right. Ordonez singled to right center, Alomar Jr to second. Thomas doubled to left, Alomar Jr and Ordonez scored. Lee doubled to left, Thomas scored. Lee to third on passed ball by Laker. Valentin doubled to deep center, Lee scored. Konerko singled to center, Valentin scored. White pitching for Indians. Gload singled to left center, Konerko to second. Alomar Jr flied out to center. 5 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Gerut grounded out to third. Martinez walked. Escobar fouled out to right. Merloni doubled to left, Martinez to third. Martinez scored, Merloni to third on wild pitch by Schoeneweis. Broussard struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. White pitching for Indians. Harris singled to right. Uribe grounded into fielder's choice to first, Harris out at second. Uribe stole second. Ordonez grounded out to third. Thomas singled to right, Uribe scored. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Thomas out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Laker flied out to center. Crisp struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. White pitching for Indians. Valentin flied out to left. Konerko fouled out to catcher. Gload flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Vizquel walked. Gerut grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Vizquel out at second. Martinez homered to left. Escobar struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. White pitching for Indians. Alomar Jr walked. Harris sacrificed to catcher, Alomar Jr to second, Harris safe at first on error by catcher Laker. Uribe flied out to right. Ordonez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harris out at second, Alomar Jr to third. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Thomas doubled to deep left, Alomar Jr and Ordonez scored. Lee struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Schoeneweis pitching for White Sox. Merloni walked. Broussard struck out swinging. Laker flied out to center. Crisp grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Merloni out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Valentin grounded out to first. Konerko flied out to left. Gload singled to center. Alomar Jr singled to right, Gload to second, Gload scored on error by right fielder Gerut. Takatsu pitching for White Sox. Harris struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Takatsu pitching for White Sox. Belliard walked. Crede at third base. Uribe at second base. Rowand in center field. Gload in right field. Vizquel popped out to second. Gerut flied out to center. Martinez hit by pitch, Belliard to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Jimenez pitching for Indians. Uribe singled to center. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Uribe out at second. Thomas walked, Crede to second. Bartosh pitching for Indians. Lee singled to center, Crede scored, Thomas to second. Valentin walked, Thomas to third, Lee to second. Konerko doubled to deep center, Thomas, Lee and Valentin scored. Gload homered to right, Konerko scored. Alomar Jr flied out to center. Rowand singled to left. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Uribe struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Merloni singled to center. Broussard struck out looking. McDonald at shortstop. Stewart pitching for Indians. Laker lined into double play, third to first, Merloni doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Stewart pitching for Indians. Crede flied out to right. Thomas struck out swinging. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Lee grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Wunsch pitching for White Sox. Crisp struck out swinging. Belliard grounded out to shortstop. McDonald grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 15 - Indians 3.	Collision course: White Sox win costly