Dodgers - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis singled to center. Repko grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis out at second. Drew safe at second on error by first baseman Tracy, Repko to third. Repko scored, Drew to third on wild pitch by Ortiz. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at home. Valentin grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Counsell flied out to center. Clayton grounded out to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Grabowski grounded out to second. Phillips flied out to left. Choi flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Glaus homered to right. Green grounded out to second. Tracy grounded out to second. Snyder grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe struck out swinging. Izturis singled to right. Repko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Izturis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. McCracken doubled to left. Ortiz sacrificed to third, McCracken to third. Counsell hit sacrifice fly to center, McCracken scored. Clayton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew flied out to left. Kent fouled out to first. Valentin singled to center. Grabowski grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Glaus struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips doubled to deep center. Choi walked. Lowe sacrificed to catcher, Phillips to third, Choi to second. Izturis popped out to third. Repko walked. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lowe pitching for Dodgers. Tracy grounded out to second. Snyder safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Izturis. McCracken walked, Snyder to second. Ortiz reached on bunt single to third, Snyder to third, McCracken to second. Houlton pitching for Dodgers. Counsell reached on infield single to third, Snyder scored, McCracken to third, Ortiz to second. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks. Kent singled to center. Valentin singled to right, Kent to second. Grabowski singled to right, Kent to third, Valentin to second. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips walked, Kent scored, Valentin to third, Grabowski to second. Bradley hit for Houlton. Choi popped out to shortstop. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Bradley grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Phillips out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Glaus struck out looking. Green homered to right. Tracy flied out to right. Snyder singled to left. McCracken popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks. Izturis singled to right. Choate pitching for Diamondbacks. Repko homered to center, Izturis scored. Drew singled to left. Kent lined out to right. Valentin flied out to center. Kata hit for Choate. Grabowski grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Wunsch pitching for Dodgers. Kata flied out to left. Counsell walked. Clayton flied out to right. Counsell caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Gonzalez batting. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Phillips grounded out to second. Nakamura hit for Wunsch. Choi flied out to left. Nakamura singled to right. Izturis hit by pitch, Nakamura to second. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Repko flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Sanchez pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Sanchez. Green walked. Tracy singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Green to third. Snyder hit by pitch, Tracy to second. Cintron hit for Koplove. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to second, Green out at home, Tracy to third, Snyder to second. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron fouled out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew reached on infield single to shortstop. Kent flied out to left. Ledee hit for Grabowski. Valentin struck out swinging. Drew to second on wild pitch by Lyon. Ledee flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 5.	Glaus ties D'Backs record in win over L.A.