Rockies - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to second. Barmes struck out swinging. Helton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Counsell doubled to right. Clayton singled to center, Counsell to third. Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center, Counsell scored. Clayton picked off first. Glaus flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to first. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Green struck out swinging. Tracy flied out to center. Snyder doubled to deep left. McCracken struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Relaford grounded out to shortstop. Closser grounded out to first. Chacon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Webb grounded out to third. Counsell grounded out to first. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles singled to left. Miles stole second. Barmes grounded out to third. Helton flied out to left. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Glaus grounded out to third. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Hawpe grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Holliday out at second. Relaford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Tracy doubled to deep right. Snyder grounded out to shortstop, Tracy to third. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to second, Tracy out at home. Webb grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Closser doubled to deep center. Chacon sacrificed to pitcher, Closser to third. Miles singled to right, Closser scored. Barmes grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Miles out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Chacon pitching for Rockies. Counsell fouled out to first. Clayton doubled to deep center. Gonzalez flied out to center, Clayton to third. Glaus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Helton doubled to left. Wilson sacrificed to pitcher, Helton to third. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center, Helton scored. Hawpe walked. Relaford singled to left center, Hawpe to third. Closser walked, Relaford to second. Chacon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Relaford out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Green singled to left center. Tracy flied out to left. Snyder grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Green out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to first. Barmes fouled out to catcher. Helton singled to center. Wilson singled to right, Helton to second. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Kata hit for Webb. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. McCracken safe at first on error by second baseman Miles. Clark hit for Counsell. Kata sacrificed to pitcher, McCracken to second. Terrero ran for Clark. Speier pitching for Rockies. Clark doubled to deep center, McCracken scored. Terrero to third on wild pitch by Speier. Clayton singled to left center, Terrero scored. Gonzalez doubled to deep center, Clayton scored. Glaus flied out to center, Gonzalez to third. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Kata at second base. Green grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Hawpe flied out to center. Relaford singled to left. Closser grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Relaford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 2 - Diamondbacks 4.	Diamondbacks rally to overcome Rockies