Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Counsell walked. Clayton flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Counsell out at second. Glaus walked, Gonzalez to second. Green grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham lined out to second. Vizquel walked. Niekro grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Vizquel out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Tracy fouled out to third. McCracken flied out to right. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz grounded out to third. Alfonzo singled to center. Grissom grounded into double play, third to second to first, Alfonzo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Vazquez walked. Counsell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vazquez safe at second on error by shortstop Vizquel. Clayton bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Vazquez out at third, Counsell to second. Gonzalez doubled to deep right center, Counsell scored, Clayton to third. Glaus hit sacrifice fly to center, Clayton scored. Green struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker flied out to right. Matheny popped out to second. Lowry singled to center. Durham walked, Lowry to second. Vizquel grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. McCracken grounded out to pitcher. Snyder walked. Vazquez singled to center, Snyder to second. Counsell walked, Snyder to third, Vazquez to second. Clayton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Niekro flied out to center. Feliz struck out swinging. Alfonzo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Grissom singled to center. Tucker grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Grissom out at second. Matheny flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Tracy struck out swinging. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. Ellison hit for Lowry. Snyder fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison grounded out to first. Durham grounded out to first. Vizquel singled to left center. Niekro singled to center, Vizquel to second. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Feliz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Christiansen pitching for Giants. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Counsell walked. Clayton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Alfonzo singled to left. Grissom grounded into fielder's choice to second, Alfonzo out at second. Tucker singled to center, Grissom to second. Torcato hit for Christiansen. Matheny struck out swinging. Torcato singled to left, Grissom to third, Tucker to second. Eyre pitching for Giants. Durham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Gonzalez popped out to third. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Green struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel flied out to center. Niekro grounded out to second. Feliz doubled to deep right. Feliz to third on wild pitch by Bruney. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Terrero in right field. Alfonzo walked. Grissom struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Tracy hit ground rule double to deep right center. Brower pitching for Giants. McCracken sacrificed to third, Tracy to third. Snyder struck out swinging. Terrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Tucker grounded out to first. Cruz hit for Brower. Matheny doubled to right center. Cruz singled to center, Matheny to third. Torrealba ran for Cruz. Durham hit sacrifice fly to left, Matheny scored. Vizquel flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Giants 1.	Lowry down, dirty shame: Giant's 1st loss