Twins - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart flied out to center. Rodriguez flied out to right. Mauer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Cintron lined out to second. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Hunter doubled to deep right center. Jones homered to left, Hunter scored. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Glaus flied out to right. Clark struck out swinging. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana singled to center. Stewart singled to right, Santana to second. Rodriguez reached on bunt single to third, Santana to third, Stewart to second. Mauer singled to right center, Santana and Stewart scored, Rodriguez to third. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez scored, Mauer out at second. Jones grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Cruz fouled out to first. Snyder singled to center. Vargas sacrificed to first, Snyder to second. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Morneau grounded out to pitcher. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez lined out to right. Glaus singled to center. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Glaus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Santana grounded out to second. Stewart homered to left. Rodriguez doubled to deep center. Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Vargas. Mauer struck out swinging. Hunter grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Green grounded out to first. Cruz struck out swinging. McCracken hit for Vargas. Snyder reached on infield single to shortstop. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones lined out to first. Morneau singled to left. Cuddyer reached on infield single to third, Morneau to second, Morneau to third on throwing error by third baseman Glaus. Castro singled to right, Morneau scored, Cuddyer to second. Santana grounded into double play, second to first, Castro out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Cintron flied out to center. Clayton struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Stewart reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to right. Ford hit for Hunter. Mauer singled to left, Stewart to second. Ford hit by pitch, Stewart to third, Mauer to second. Jones hit sacrifice fly to right, Stewart scored, Mauer to third. Ford in center field. Morneau flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Glaus struck out swinging. Clark grounded out to third. Herges pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston in left field. Green grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Herges pitching for Diamondbacks. Cuddyer singled to left. Castro doubled to deep right center, Cuddyer scored. Ryan hit for Stewart. Santana grounded out to second, Castro to third. Ryan hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored. Ryan in left field. Rodriguez flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Santana pitching for Twins. Cruz grounded out to third. Snyder fouled out to first. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Mauer grounded out to first. Ford struck out swinging. Jones flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Santana pitching for Twins. Cintron singled to deep right center. Stinnett hit for Valverde. Clayton flied out to right. Stinnett grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - Diamondbacks 0.	Supernatural: Santana four-hitter shuts down D-Backs