Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Counsell struck out looking. Cintron grounded out to first. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Sizemore grounded out to shortstop. Blake singled to center. Belliard grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blake out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Glaus struck out swinging. Clark struck out swinging. Green popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Hafner popped out to third. Martinez singled to center. Hernandez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Martinez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Cruz grounded out to second. Tracy grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Gerut grounded out to first. Boone flied out to center. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Counsell reached on infield single to pitcher. Cintron grounded out to pitcher, Counsell to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Glaus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Sizemore singled to right. Blake struck out looking. Belliard singled to center, Sizemore to second. Hafner doubled to center, Sizemore and Belliard scored. Martinez walked. Hernandez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martinez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Clark grounded out to first. Green flied out to right. Cruz homered to right. Tracy fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Gerut grounded out to second. Boone singled to center. Peralta fouled out to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Stinnett struck out swinging. Counsell grounded out to second. Cintron grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Blake flied out to right. Belliard struck out swinging. Hafner singled to left center. Martinez doubled to center, Hafner scored. Hernandez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Glaus grounded out to shortstop. Clark singled to right, Gonzalez scored. Green grounded into double play, second to first, Clark out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Gerut walked. Boone grounded into double play, third to second to first, Gerut out at second. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Westbrook pitching for Indians. Cruz flied out to right. McCracken hit for Stinnett. Tracy singled to center. McCracken grounded out to pitcher, Tracy to second. Snyder catching. Counsell flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Sizemore hit by pitch. Blake bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sizemore out at second. Belliard singled to right center, Blake to second. Hafner grounded out to first, Blake to third, Belliard to second. Wickman pitching for Indians. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Belliard out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Wickman pitching for Indians. Cintron struck out swinging. Clayton hit for Glaus. Gonzalez flied out to left. Clayton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Indians 3.	To the nines: Indians keep rolling, sweep Diamondbacks