Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Lowry pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to third. Clayton singled to left. Gonzalez singled to right, Clayton to third. Glaus popped out to second. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Ellison singled to left. Vizquel grounded out to first, Ellison to second. Snow reached on infield single to second, Ellison scored. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snow out at second. Durham singled to right, Alou to second. Linden grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Green grounded out to shortstop. McCracken lined out to left. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz singled to deep left. Matheny struck out swinging. Lowry bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Feliz out at second. Ellison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Lowry pitching for Giants. Vazquez singled to center. Counsell singled to left, Vazquez to second, Vazquez to third, Counsell to second on error by left fielder Alou. Clayton flied out to right. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Vazquez out at home, Counsell to third. Glaus popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel doubled to deep right. Snow struck out swinging. Alou singled to left, Vizquel scored. Durham grounded out to second, Alou to second. Linden struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Clark walked. Green struck out looking. McCracken popped out to first. Snyder walked, Clark to second. Vazquez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz fouled out to right. Matheny singled to left center. Lowry sacrificed to pitcher, Matheny to second. Ellison flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. Clayton singled to left. Gonzalez flied out to right. Glaus popped out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel singled to center. Snow grounded into double play, third to second to first, Vizquel out at second. Alou struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Lowry pitching for Giants. Clark grounded out to shortstop. Green grounded out to second. Munter pitching for Giants. McCracken singled to right. Snyder fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Durham doubled to right. Durham to third on wild pitch by Vazquez. Linden doubled to right, Durham scored. Linden to third on wild pitch by Vazquez. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Feliz walked. Matheny hit sacrifice fly to center, Linden scored. Munter sacrificed to first, Feliz to second. Ellison reached on infield single to shortstop, Feliz to third. Tracy hit for Aquino. Vizquel struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Munter pitching for Giants. Tracy doubled to left. Counsell walked. Eyre pitching for Giants. Clayton singled to shallow center, Tracy scored, Counsell to third. Gonzalez walked, Clayton to second. Glaus hit sacrifice fly to left, Counsell scored, Clayton to third. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Snow walked. Alou flied out to right. Durham singled to left, Snow to second. Linden struck out looking. Feliz homered to right, Snow and Durham scored. Matheny homered to left. Eyre walked. Ellison struck out looking. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Eyre pitching for Giants. Green grounded out to shortstop. McCracken singled to right. Hairston hit for Cormier. Snyder grounded into fielder's choice to third, McCracken out at second. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Hairston struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Vizquel grounded out to third. Snow walked. Alou flied out to center. Taschner pitching for Giants. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Snow out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Taschner pitching for Giants. Counsell struck out looking. Clayton walked. Clayton to second on fielder's indifference. Walker pitching for Giants. Gonzalez walked. Glaus struck out looking. Clark doubled to right, Clayton scored, Gonzalez to third. Green walked. McCracken flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 3 - Giants 8.	Giants hold off late threat, hand D-Backs fifth straight loss