Tigers - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Inge struck out swinging. Polanco hit by pitch. Guillen struck out swinging. White flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Counsell singled to center. Counsell to second on passed ball by Rodriguez. Cintron singled to right, Counsell scored. Tracy singled to center, Cintron to second. Clark grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Tracy out at second, Cintron to third. Green homered to right center, Cintron scored. Cruz grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Young struck out looking. Monroe doubled to deep left. Logan intentionally walked. Bonderman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Clayton walked. Stinnett singled to left, Clayton to second. Vargas sacrificed to third, Clayton to third, Stinnett to second. Counsell struck out swinging. Cintron doubled to deep right, Clayton and Stinnett scored. Tracy singled to right, Cintron scored. Clark lined out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Inge struck out looking. Polanco walked. Guillen lined out to left. White grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Bonderman pitching for Tigers. Green doubled to deep center. Cruz homered to right, Green scored. Creek pitching for Tigers. Clayton struck out swinging. Stinnett walked. Vargas sacrificed to pitcher, Stinnett to second. Counsell doubled to deep right, Stinnett scored. Cintron struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. Monroe lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Creek pitching for Tigers. Tracy singled to center, Tracy to third on error by center fielder Logan. Clark grounded out to third. Green homered to center, Tracy scored. Cruz flied out to left. Clayton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 5th. Smith hit for Creek. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Logan grounded out to second. Smith flied out to left. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Smith at third base. Inge flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Stinnett struck out swinging. Vargas grounded out to third. Counsell flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Polanco fouled out to right. Guillen grounded out to second. Infante at second base. Gomez in left field. Wilson catching. White struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Spurling pitching for Tigers. Cintron singled to left. Tracy flied out to left. Clark homered to center, Cintron scored. Green walked. Cruz struck out swinging. Clayton struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out swinging. Young doubled to deep center. Monroe grounded out to shortstop. Logan doubled to deep right, Young scored. Shelton hit for Spurling. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith tripled to deep left, Logan scored. Shelton hit by pitch. Infante homered to left, Smith and Shelton scored. Guillen doubled to deep right. Shelton in left field. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Gomez grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Hairston hit for Koplove. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Stinnett struck out swinging. Hairston struck out looking. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out looking. Young grounded out to first. Monroe singled to center. Logan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Monroe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Cintron walked. Tracy flied out to center. Clark safe at first on error by first baseman Young, Cintron to second. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in left field. Green grounded into double play, third to second to first, Clark out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 9th. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Smith singled to right center. Shelton singled to center, Smith to second. Infante safe at first on error by third baseman Cintron, Smith scored, Shelton to second. Maroth hit for Rodney. Guillen struck out looking. Maroth struck out swinging. Wilson hit by pitch, Shelton to third, Infante to second. Young singled to right, Shelton scored, Infante to third, Wilson to second. Monroe grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Young out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 7 - Diamondbacks 13.	Green blasts two homers as D-Backs rout Tigers