Braves - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Furcal popped out to shortstop. Johnson struck out swinging. Giles struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hudson pitching for Braves. Counsell flied out to right. Clayton grounded out to third. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones grounded out to third. Jones hit ground rule double to deep right center. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop, Jones to third. Estrada popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Glaus grounded out to third. Green grounded out to first. Tracy walked. McCracken singled to right, Tracy to second. Snyder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans reached on bunt single to second. Hudson struck out looking. Furcal singled to left, Langerhans to second. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to first, Furcal out at second, Langerhans to third. Giles flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hudson pitching for Braves. Vargas grounded out to pitcher. Counsell doubled to deep right. Clayton reached on bunt single to pitcher, Counsell scored. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to right, Clayton to third. Glaus grounded out to shortstop, Clayton scored. Green walked. Tracy grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones grounded out to third. Jones reached on infield single to second. LaRoche flied out to left. Estrada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hudson pitching for Braves. McCracken struck out looking. Snyder doubled to deep center. Vargas grounded out to shortstop. Counsell struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans struck out looking. Hudson walked. Furcal flied out to left. Johnson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hudson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Clayton singled to right. Gonzalez singled to right, Clayton to second. Glaus singled to right, Clayton scored, Gonzalez to second, Gonzalez to third on error by right fielder Langerhans. Green hit sacrifice fly to left, Gonzalez scored. Tracy grounded out to third, Glaus to second. McCracken intentionally walked. Snyder struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 6th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles singled to left. Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus, Giles to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones out at second, Giles to third. LaRoche struck out swinging. Estrada flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hudson pitching for Braves. Vargas grounded out to catcher. Counsell grounded out to second. Clayton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Orr hit for Hudson. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans grounded out to second. Orr flied out to center. Boyer pitching for Braves. Furcal flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Boyer pitching for Braves. Gonzalez singled to left. Gonzalez stole second. Glaus flied out to right, Gonzalez to third. Gonzalez scored on Boyer's wild pitch. Green walked. Tracy flied out to center. McCracken walked, Green to second. Snyder grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Johnson doubled to deep center. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Giles singled to left, Johnson to third. Jones singled to center, Johnson scored, Giles to second. Jones flied out to right. LaRoche flied out to left. McBride pitching for Braves. Cruz hit for Valverde. Estrada popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. McBride pitching for Braves. Cruz flied out to right. Counsell flied out to right. Clayton reached on infield single to third. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Franco hit for McBride. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans tripled to deep center. Francoeur ran for Franco. Franco walked. Furcal reached on infield single to shortstop, Langerhans scored, Francoeur to third, Furcal to second on throwing error by shortstop Clayton. Johnson homered to right, Francoeur and Furcal scored. Giles struck out swinging. Jones singled to left. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones walked, Jones to second. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second, Jones to third. Kolb pitching for Braves. Estrada struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Kolb pitching for Braves. Glaus flied out to right. Green singled to left. Tracy flied out to left. McCracken grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 10th. Betemit hit for Kolb. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Langerhans flied out to left. Betemit lined out to second. Furcal walked. Brower pitching for Braves. Cintron hit for Snyder. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Brower pitching for Braves. Cintron homered to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Diamondbacks 6.	Extra, extra: Cintron's homer helps D-Backs win in 10