Rockies - Top 1st. Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez doubled to left. Quintanilla struck out looking. Holliday walked. Atkins grounded out to second, Gonzalez scored. Shealy fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to right. Gonzalez to second on passed ball by Ardoin. Glaus walked. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr flied out to center. Miles flied out to left. Ardoin doubled to deep center. Francis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Jackson grounded out to third. Terrero singled to center. Terrero to second on wild pitch by Francis. Snyder singled to right, Terrero scored. Gosling sacrificed to catcher, Snyder to second. Clayton singled to center, Snyder scored. Cintron flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks. Gonzalez grounded out to third. Quintanilla grounded out to shortstop. Holliday walked. Atkins lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez flied out to right. Glaus homered to left center. Green grounded out to shortstop. Jackson homered to left center. Terrero homered to left center. Snyder struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks. Shealy walked. Mohr homered to left center, Shealy scored. Miles singled to right. Ardoin walked, Miles to second. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Francis sacrificed to third, Miles to third, Ardoin to second, Francis safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Gosling. Miles scored, Ardoin to third on throwing error by pitcher. Gonzalez reached on infield single to second, Ardoin scored. Quintanilla sacrificed to first, Francis to third, Gonzalez to second. Holliday grounded out to catcher. Atkins reached on infield single to third, Francis scored, Gonzalez to third. Shealy struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Koplove grounded out to shortstop. Clayton flied out to left. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr grounded out to third. Miles fouled out to left. Ardoin grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez lined out to first. Glaus flied out to right. Green flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks. Francis struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to center. Quintanilla singled to center. Holliday hit ground rule double to deep right, Quintanilla to third. Atkins walked. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Shealy singled to center, Quintanilla and Holliday scored, Atkins to second, Atkins scored, Shealy to second on error by center fielder Terrero. Mohr flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Jackson homered to left. Terrero walked. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. McCracken hit for Worrell. Snyder struck out swinging. McCracken singled to center, Terrero to second. Clayton struck out looking. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to third. Sullivan hit for Dohmann. Ardoin singled to left center. Sullivan struck out looking. Gonzalez homered to center, Ardoin scored. Williams pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in center field. Quintanilla flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Glaus grounded out to third. Green flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday reached on infield single to third. Atkins singled to left, Holliday to second. Garabito hit for Williams. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Shealy flied out to left. Garabito struck out swinging. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Miles grounded into fielder's choice to third, Holliday out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Jackson popped out to first. Terrero struck out looking. Tracy hit for Snyder. Hill catching. Tracy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Ardoin homered to center. Sullivan grounded out to first. Gonzalez singled to left. Quintanilla lined out to center. Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday singled to left, Gonzalez to second. Atkins walked, Gonzalez to third, Holliday to second. Shealy hit ground rule double to deep right center, Gonzalez and Holliday scored, Atkins to third. Counsell hit for Aquino. Cortes grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Counsell flied out to left. Clayton singled to center. Cintron singled to left center, Clayton to second. Gonzalez singled to right center, Clayton scored, Cintron to second. Glaus struck out looking. Green grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 14 - Diamondbacks 7.	Colorado 14, Arizona 7