Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Counsell grounded out to second. Tracy flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Eckstein singled to left. Rodriguez hit by pitch, Eckstein to second. Pujols flied out to right, Eckstein to third. Edmonds struck out swinging. Mabry struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Clark struck out swinging. Glaus singled to center. Green walked, Glaus to second. Clayton doubled to left, Glaus and Green scored, Clayton to third advancing on throw. Stinnett walked. Vargas grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Stinnett out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Nunez grounded out to second. Taguchi walked. Molina flied out to right. Marquis reached on infield single to shortstop, Taguchi to second. Eckstein grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Counsell flied out to right. Tracy grounded out to second. Gonzalez homered to right center. Clark walked. Glaus singled to left, Clark to second. Green flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Clayton grounded out to shortstop. Stinnett singled to left. Vargas bunted into double play, first to shortstop to second, Stinnett out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Mabry walked. Nunez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Mabry out at second. Taguchi singled to right, Nunez to second. Nunez scored, Taguchi to second on wild pitch by Vargas. Molina popped out to second. Marquis doubled to right, Taguchi scored. Eckstein flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Counsell singled to left. Tracy singled to left, Counsell to second. Gonzalez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second, Counsell to third. Clark struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Pujols doubled to left. Edmonds grounded out to second, Pujols to third. Mabry flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Glaus walked. Green grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, Glaus out at second. Clayton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Nunez struck out swinging. Taguchi grounded out to shortstop. Molina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. McCracken hit for Vargas. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Stinnett grounded out to pitcher. McCracken flied out to left. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Marquis flied out to right. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez singled to left. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Marquis pitching for Cardinals. Tracy grounded out to first. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Clark hit ground rule double to deep right. Glaus singled to center, Clark scored. Tavarez pitching for Cardinals. Green singled to right, Glaus to second. Clayton walked, Glaus to third, Green to second. Cintron hit for Worrell. Stinnett singled to left, Glaus and Green scored, Clayton to second. King pitching for Cardinals. Cintron reached on infield single to third, Clayton to third, Stinnett to second. Counsell singled to center, Clayton and Stinnett scored, Cintron to second. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Green in right field. Terrero in center field. Tracy grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Luna hit for Edmonds. Seabol hit for Mabry. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Luna flied out to left. Seabol grounded out to third. Luna in right field. Seabol at third base. Taguchi in center field. Diaz catching. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Nunez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez homered to left center. Clark hit by pitch. Glaus struck out swinging. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Green grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Clark out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Taguchi struck out swinging. Mahoney hit for Isringhausen. Diaz flied out to left. Mahoney grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 9 - Cardinals 2.	Gonzo powers rout as D-Backs avoid sweep vs. Cards