Mets - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes reached on bunt single to shortstop. Cairo sacrificed to third, Reyes to second. Beltran grounded out to first, Reyes to third. Floyd fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Counsell walked. Tracy singled to center, Counsell to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clark grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Wright singled to left center. Diaz tripled to deep center, Wright scored. Jacobs struck out swinging. Castro singled to left, Diaz scored. Zambrano struck out bunting foul. Reyes tripled to deep center, Castro scored. Cairo reached on infield single to pitcher, Reyes scored. Beltran grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Glaus walked. Green lined out to left. Cintron flied out to center. Stinnett struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Floyd flied out to right. Wright doubled to deep center. Wright to third on wild pitch by Vargas. Diaz doubled to deep right center, Wright scored. Jacobs reached on infield single to second, Diaz to third. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Diaz scored, Jacobs out at second. Zambrano struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Vargas grounded out to third. Counsell flied out to center. Tracy doubled to left. Gonzalez singled to right center, Tracy scored. Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Zambrano. Clark grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Reyes struck out swinging. Cairo grounded out to third. Beltran popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Glaus struck out looking. Green flied out to right. Cintron flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks. Floyd lined out to right. Wright walked. Diaz struck out looking, Wright stole second. Jacobs homered to right, Wright scored. Castro struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Jackson hit for Vargas. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Stinnett grounded out to third. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Counsell popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Zambrano reached on infield single to shortstop. Reyes grounded out to third, Zambrano to second. Cairo walked. Beltran reached on infield single to shortstop, Zambrano to third, Cairo to second. Floyd singled to center, Zambrano scored, Cairo to third, Beltran to second. Wright hit ground rule double to deep right, Cairo and Beltran scored, Floyd to third. Diaz struck out swinging. Jacobs walked. Castro doubled to deep right center, Floyd, Wright and Jacobs scored. Williams in center field. Woodward in left field. Zambrano struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Tracy singled to shallow center. Gonzalez popped out to third. Clark grounded out to first, Tracy to second. Tracy at first base. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Green in right field. Terrero in center field. Matsui hit for Reyes. Glaus grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Matsui grounded out to second. Cairo struck out looking. Matsui at second base. Cairo at third base. Woodward at shortstop. Anderson in left field. Williams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Green flied out to right. Cintron flied out to center. Stinnett safe at first on error by third baseman Cairo. Clayton at shortstop. Cintron at third base. Terrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Woodward singled to left center. Anderson struck out swinging. Diaz struck out swinging. Jacobs walked, Woodward to second. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Zambrano pitching for Mets. Counsell grounded out to first. Tracy grounded out to second. McCracken hit for Medders. Gonzalez singled to center. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. McCracken in left field. McCracken grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks. Zambrano singled to center. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to second, Zambrano out at second. Cairo lined out to third. Bell pitching for Mets. Williams grounded into fielder's choice to third, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Mets. Clayton struck out swinging. Green struck out swinging. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 14 - Diamondbacks 1.	Mets pound D-Backs for sixth win in eight games