Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Clayton flied out to left. Cintron grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Sanchez singled to left center. Wilson flied out to center. Bay flied out to center. Wilson singled to left, Sanchez to third. Mackowiak fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Glaus walked. Jackson hit by pitch, Glaus to second. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jackson out at second, Glaus to third. Terrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Eldred homered to center. Doumit grounded out to second. Wigginton singled to left. Maholm struck out looking. Sanchez walked, Wigginton to second. Wilson flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Stinnett grounded out to shortstop. Vazquez grounded out to pitcher. Clayton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Bay singled to center. Wilson struck out looking. Bay stole second, Bay safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stinnett. Mackowiak struck out swinging. Eldred lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Cintron doubled to deep right. Gonzalez struck out looking. Cintron to third on passed ball by Doumit. Glaus doubled to deep left, Cintron scored. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop. Tracy grounded out to second, Glaus to third, Jackson to second. Terrero lined out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Doumit grounded out to first. Wigginton homered to left center. Maholm reached on infield single to shortstop. Sanchez singled to left, Maholm to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sanchez out at second, Maholm to third. Bay grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Stinnett flied out to left. Vazquez lined out to second. Clayton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson grounded out to third. Mackowiak singled to right. Eldred singled to right center, Mackowiak to second. Doumit singled to right, Mackowiak to third, Eldred to second. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Cintron lined out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Glaus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Maholm struck out swinging. Sanchez grounded out to pitcher. Wilson reached on bunt single to catcher. Wilson stole second. Bay flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Jackson doubled to deep left. Tracy grounded out to second, Jackson to third. Terrero singled to left, Jackson scored. Clark hit for Vazquez. Stinnett walked, Terrero to second. Terrero caught stealing third, catcher to third. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Clark grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson fouled out to shortstop. Mackowiak singled to left. Eldred struck out swinging. Torres pitching for Pirates. Ward at first base. Doumit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Clayton struck out swinging. Cintron struck out swinging. Redman hit for Wigginton. Gonzalez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Redman struck out looking. Ward grounded out to first. Mackowiak at third base. Redman in center field. Sanchez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Torres pitching for Pirates. Glaus walked. Jackson flied out to left. Glaus caught stealing second, catcher to first to shortstop. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Tracy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson flied out to center. Bay grounded out to third. Wilson singled to center. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Mackowiak grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. McCracken hit for Stinnett. Mesa pitching for Pirates. Terrero hit by pitch. Terrero to second on passed ball by Doumit. Green hit for Worrell. McCracken sacrificed into fielder's choice to third, Terrero to third. Green lined out to shortstop. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Terrero out at home, McCracken to second. Snyder catching. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth hit for Mesa. Cintron flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. McLouth popped out to shortstop. Doumit hit by pitch. Doumit to second on passed ball by Snyder. Redman struck out swinging. Ward intentionally walked. McLouth in center field. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Sanchez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 11th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Glaus struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 11th. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Wilson struck out swinging. Bay struck out swinging. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 12th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Tracy walked. Terrero sacrificed to pitcher, Tracy to second. Green hit for Valverde. White pitching for Pirates. Restovich in right field. Snyder singled to right, Tracy scored, Snyder to second on throwing error by catcher Doumit. Green struck out looking. Clayton singled to right, Snyder scored. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 12th. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Mackowiak grounded out to shortstop. McLouth flied out to left. Doumit reached on infield single to third. Restovich grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Doumit out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Pirates 2.	Mackanin's managerial debut a loser as Pirates fall in 12