Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Counsell singled to center. Tracy singled to right, Counsell to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Clark grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Tracy out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez singled to center. Helton flied out to left. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Green singled to left. Glaus fouled out to first. Clayton grounded into fielder's choice to second, Green out at second. Hill struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Atkins walked. Mohr singled to left, Atkins to second. Ardoin flied out to right. Freeman flied out to center. Kim grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Estes struck out swinging. Counsell struck out looking. Tracy walked. Gonzalez singled to center, Tracy to third. Clark flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right. Helton walked, Gonzalez to second. Holliday struck out swinging, Gonzalez stole third, Helton stole second. Atkins grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Green grounded out to shortstop. Glaus walked. Clayton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Glaus out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Mohr reached on infield single to second. Ardoin sacrificed to pitcher, Mohr to second. Freeman grounded out to catcher, Mohr to third. Kim grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Hill doubled to deep left center. Estes bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hill out at third. Counsell walked, Estes to second. Tracy homered to right center, Estes and Counsell scored. Gonzalez flied out to center. Clark singled to left. Green struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes popped out to second. Gonzalez struck out looking. Helton walked. Holliday grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Glaus struck out swinging. Clayton singled to center. Hill struck out looking. Estes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Estes pitching for Diamondbacks. Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop. Mohr walked, Atkins to second. Shealy hit for Freeman. Ardoin sacrificed to pitcher, Atkins to third, Mohr to second. Greene hit for Kim. Shealy fouled out to first. Sullivan in center field. Williams pitching for Rockies. Greene grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Williams pitching for Rockies. Counsell homered to right. Tracy struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Clark singled to center. Green singled to center, Clark to second. Wright pitching for Rockies. Glaus walked, Clark to third, Green to second. Clayton walked, Clark scored, Green to third, Glaus to second. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Hill struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Barmes flied out to center. Gonzalez singled to right. Helton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Wright pitching for Rockies. Cormier singled to center. Counsell flied out to center. Tracy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cormier out at second. Gonzalez walked, Tracy to second. Terrero in center field. Green in right field. Clark grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks. Holliday safe at first on error by first baseman Clark. Atkins doubled to left, Holliday to third. Closser hit for Ardoin. Mohr grounded out to first, Holliday scored, Atkins to third. Closser struck out swinging. Groom pitching for Diamondbacks. Closser catching. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Sullivan struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Carvajal pitching for Rockies. Green grounded out to shortstop. Glaus homered to center. Clayton singled to center. Cintron hit for Groom. Hill struck out looking. Cintron doubled to center, Clayton scored. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Cintron at third base. Miles hit for Carvajal. Counsell struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Medders pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to first. Barmes flied out to center. Bulger pitching for Diamondbacks. Arizona's Manager Melvin ejected by Cuzzi in the 9th. Gonzalez to second on fielder's indifference. Helton walked. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 7 - Rockies 1.	Estes gets first win since June for D-Backs