Mariners - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lopez lined out to shortstop . Griffey Jr walked . Beltre doubled to deep right , Griffey Jr to third . Branyan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Lillibridge struck out looking . Fields walked . Quentin hit by pitch , Fields to second . Dye struck out swinging . Konerko flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Balentien grounded out to second . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Gutierrez singled to center . Betancourt singled to left , Gutierrez to second . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Pierzynski homered to center . Betemit struck out looking . Anderson walked . Anderson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ramirez singled to right . Ramirez caught stealing second , catcher to second . Lillibridge batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Lopez doubled to deep right center . Griffey Jr flied out to left . Beltre singled to left , Lopez to third . Beltre stole second . Branyan popped out to second . Balentien fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Lillibridge bunt grounded out to third . Fields walked . Quentin lined out to left . Dye flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Johnson struck out looking . Gutierrez flied out to right . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Konerko flied out to left . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Betemit flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Lopez reached on infield single to third , Suzuki to second . Griffey Jr doubled to deep left center , Suzuki and Lopez scored , Griffey Jr to third on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Beltre singled to center , Griffey Jr scored . Branyan flied out to right . Balentien flied out to right . Johnson struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Anderson grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez reached on infield single to third . Lillibridge singled to center , Ramirez to second . Fields flied out to center , Ramirez to third . Quentin hit by pitch , Lillibridge to second . Dye flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Betancourt reached on infield single to pitcher , Betancourt to second on throwing error by pitcher Floyd . Suzuki intentionally walked . Lopez popped into double play , shortstop to second , Betancourt doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bedard pitching for Mariners . Konerko singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to second . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Betemit doubled to right , Konerko scored , Pierzynski to third . Anderson struck out swinging . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Pierzynski scored , Betemit to third . Lillibridge flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Beltre singled to left center . Branyan struck out swinging . Beltre caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Kelley pitching for Mariners . Fields struck out swinging . Quentin homered to right center . Dye homered to left . Aardsma pitching for Mariners . Konerko flied out to center . Pierzynski singled to right center . Betemit doubled to deep left , Pierzynski to third . Owens grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Owens in center field . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Balentien struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to center . Gutierrez singled to right . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Lowe pitching for Mariners . Ramirez walked . Ramirez stole second . Lillibridge struck out swinging . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Lowe . Fields struck out swinging . Quentin singled to left center , Ramirez scored . Dye flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Suzuki grounded out to second . Lopez flied out to right . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - White Sox 6 .	Quentin , Dye rally White Sox past Mariners \n\n