Twins - Top 1st . Colon pitching for White Sox . Span struck out looking . Mauer doubled to deep center . Morneau walked . Kubel singled to left center , Mauer scored , Morneau to third . Cuddyer popped out to first . Crede flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Podsednik singled to right center . Podsednik caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Ramirez walked . Dye struck out swinging . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Colon pitching for White Sox . Morales singled to center . Tolbert singled to right , Morales to second . Punto sacrificed to catcher , Morales to third , Tolbert to second , Punto safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Betemit . Morales scored , Tolbert to third on throwing error by . Span grounded out to third . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to center , Tolbert scored . Morneau intentionally walked . Kubel singled to right , Punto scored , Morneau to third . Cuddyer homered to left , Morneau and Kubel scored . Crede homered to left . Morales flied out to right . 7 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded out to third . Pierzynski flied out to left . Betemit grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Tolbert flied out to center . Punto flied out to left . Span singled to left . Mauer doubled to deep right , Span scored . Morneau walked . Kubel flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Getz singled to right . Anderson singled to center , Getz to second . Podsednik walked , Getz to third , Anderson to second . Ramirez lined into double play , third to first , Podsednik doubled off first . Dye grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer singled to left . Crede grounded out to shortstop , Cuddyer to second . Morales reached on infield single to third , Cuddyer scored , Morales to second on throwing error by third baseman Betemit . Tolbert struck out swinging . Punto struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Thome walked . Konerko fouled out to third . Pierzynski singled to right center , Thome to second . Betemit grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pierzynski out at second , Thome to third . Betemit to second on wild pitch by Blackburn . Getz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Span grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . Morneau grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Anderson struck out swinging . Podsednik flied out to center . Ramirez lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Broadway pitching for White Sox . Kubel singled to deep right . Cuddyer singled to deep left , Kubel to second . Crede flied out to right . Morales walked , Kubel to third , Cuddyer to second . Tolbert singled to left , Kubel scored , Cuddyer to third , Morales to second . Gobble pitching for White Sox . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuddyer scored , Tolbert out at second , Morales to third . Span hit by pitch , Punto to second . Mauer homered to left center , Morales , Punto and Span scored . Morneau flied out to right . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Nix hit for Dye . Span in left field . Gomez in center field . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Nix grounded out to second . Quentin hit for Thome . Quentin grounded out to third . Fields hit for Konerko . Fields grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Nix in right field . Fields at third base . Betemit at first base . Gobble pitching for White Sox . Gomez singled to left . Cuddyer doubled to deep left , Gomez to third . Crede grounded out to shortstop , Gomez scored . Morales singled to right , Cuddyer to third . Tolbert homered to left , Cuddyer and Morales scored . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Punto struck out swinging . Span doubled to left . Harris hit for Mauer . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Buscher at first base . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Pierzynski fouled out to third . Betemit grounded out to second . Getz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Buscher flied out to left . Gomez lined out to center . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Mijares pitching for Twins . Anderson singled to right . Podsednik flied out to center . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Anderson safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Tolbert . Nix popped out to first . Quentin singled to left , Anderson scored , Ramirez to third . Fields flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 9th . Carrasco pitching for White Sox . Crede flied out to right . Morales walked . Tolbert flied out to right . Punto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . Miller hit for Pierzynski . Miller struck out swinging . Betemit flied out to left . Getz reached on infield single to shortstop . Anderson reached on infield single to third , Getz to second . Podsednik flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 20 - White Sox 1 .	Twins match White Sox 's most - lopsided loss