Orioles - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Roberts grounded out to third . Markakis struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Berken pitching for Orioles . Podsednik singled to center . Ramirez flied out to center . Dye grounded into double play , third to second to first , Podsednik out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Huff popped out to second . Scott popped out to second . Mora walked . Reimold doubled to deep left , Mora to third . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Thome flied out to left . Konerko homered to left . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Getz grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Izturis grounded out to second . Roberts reached on bunt single to third . Markakis homered to right , Roberts scored . Jones flied out to left . Huff flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Berken pitching for Orioles . Beckham hit by pitch . Wise grounded out to third , Beckham to second . Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop , Beckham to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Beckham scored . Dye doubled to left , Podsednik scored , Dye to third on throwing error by shortstop Izturis . Thome struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Scott grounded out to first . Mora singled to center . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop , Mora to second . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Reimold out at second , Mora to third . Izturis doubled to left , Mora scored , Wieters to third . Roberts walked . Markakis grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Getz doubled to deep center . Beckham reached on infield single to third , Getz to third . Wise grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jones flied out to left . Huff safe at first on error by second baseman Getz . Scott struck out swinging . Mora singled to center , Huff to second . Reimold walked , Huff to third , Mora to second . Wieters flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Berken pitching for Orioles . Podsednik walked . Ramirez struck out swinging . Dye walked . Thome homered to right , Podsednik and Dye scored . Albers pitching for Orioles . Konerko grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski singled to center . Getz hit ground rule double to deep center , Pierzynski to third . Beckham grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Izturis flied out to center . Roberts doubled to deep right . Markakis struck out looking . Jones homered to right , Roberts scored . Huff reached on infield single to shortstop . Scott struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Wise fouled out to third . Podsednik walked . Podsednik stole second . Ramirez walked . Baez pitching for Orioles . Dye hit by pitch , Podsednik to third , Ramirez to second . Thome homered to center , Podsednik , Ramirez and Dye scored . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski flied out to left . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Dotel pitching for White Sox . Mora doubled to deep center . Reimold struck out swinging . Wieters struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Hill pitching for Orioles . Getz walked . Beckham doubled to deep left , Getz scored . Wise lined out to right , Beckham to third . Podsednik reached on infield single to third . Mickolio pitching for Orioles . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to left , Beckham scored . Dye struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Roberts walked . Markakis doubled to deep left , Roberts to third . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop , Roberts and Markakis scored , Jones to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Huff doubled to deep center , Jones scored . Scott lined out to shortstop . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Reimold grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Mickolio pitching for Orioles . Thome walked . Konerko singled to center , Thome to second . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher , Thome to third , Konerko to second . Getz grounded out to shortstop . Beckham walked . Wise struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Wieters struck out swinging . Izturis grounded out to first . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 8 - White Sox 12 .	Thome rips GS , 3 - run HR to drive White Sox