Blue Jays - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Indians. Scutaro lined out to left. Hill struck out swinging. Rios struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to right. DeRosa singled to left. Martinez doubled to deep right, DeRosa to third. Hafner doubled to deep right, DeRosa and Martinez scored. Peralta flied out to center. Choo popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Indians. Wells flied out to right. Lind grounded out to first. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Garko singled to center. Francisco struck out swinging. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Indians. Millar doubled to center. Bautista fouled out to catcher. Barrett grounded out to second, Millar to third. Scutaro walked. Hill fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. DeRosa popped out to shortstop. Martinez grounded out to first. Hafner homered to right. Peralta walked. Choo lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Rios flied out to right. Wells singled to deep left. Lind homered to left, Wells scored. Rolen doubled to deep left. Millar singled to deep right, Rolen scored, Millar out stretching at second. Bautista struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Richmond pitching for Blue Jays. Garko walked. Francisco struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first, Garko to second. Sizemore struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Barrett fouled out to first. Scutaro homered to left. Hill singled to left. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Rios flied out to left. Wells popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. DeRosa struck out looking. Martinez struck out swinging. Hafner struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Betancourt pitching for Indians. Lind doubled to deep left center. Rolen singled to center, Lind to third. Millar grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lind scored, Rolen out at second. Bautista flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Choo homered to right center. Garko walked. Francisco struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Garko out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Smith pitching for Indians. Barrett grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Peralta. Hill doubled to deep left, Scutaro to third. Rios singled to shallow center, Scutaro and Hill scored. Wells singled to left center, Rios to second. Perez pitching for Indians. Lind grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Wells out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 7th. Tallet pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore walked. DeRosa struck out swinging. Martinez homered to left, Sizemore scored. Hafner walked. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hafner out at second. Choo walked, Peralta to second. League pitching for Blue Jays. Garko walked, Peralta to third, Choo to second. Francisco hit by pitch, Peralta scored, Choo to third, Garko to second. Cabrera lined out to left. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Rolen singled to right center. Millar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rolen to second. Bautista sacrificed to third, Rolen to third, Millar to second. McDonald ran for Millar. Barrett intentionally walked. Scutaro singled to right, Rolen scored, McDonald to third, Barrett to second, McDonald scored on error by right fielder Choo. Hill flied out to left. Barrett to third, Scutaro to second on balk by Perez. Rios doubled to left, Barrett and Scutaro scored. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Wells walked. Lind doubled to deep left, Rios and Wells scored. Rolen walked. McDonald fouled out to first. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Overbay at first base. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Sizemore flied out to left. DeRosa grounded out to pitcher. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Bautista walked. Barrett flied out to left. Scutaro singled to center, Bautista to second. Hill grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Hafner struck out looking. Peralta walked. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 13 - Indians 7.	Indians first win delayed by Blue Jays' outburst