Blue Jays - Top 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Scutaro struck out looking. Hill flied out to center. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Young struck out swinging. Blalock grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Wells walked. Lind homered to right center, Wells scored. Rolen singled to right. Rolen caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Overbay singled to right. Millar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Overbay out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz flied out to right. Murphy doubled to deep center. Byrd lined out to right. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Barajas lined out to right. Scutaro singled to right. Hill lined out to left. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to third, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia flied out to left. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler singled to right center. Young lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Wells walked. Wells stole second. Lind homered to left center, Wells scored. Rolen singled to left. Overbay grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. Millar lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Blalock singled to right center. Cruz grounded into double play, third to second to first, Blalock out at second. Murphy doubled to deep center. Byrd struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Scutaro struck out looking. Hill singled to center. Rios grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Davis struck out swinging. Saltalamacchia struck out swinging. Andrus hit by pitch. Kinsler walked, Andrus to second. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Wells safe at second on error by pitcher Feldman. Lind grounded out to second, Wells to third. Rolen lined out to right. Overbay grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Janssen pitching for Blue Jays. Blalock walked. Cruz singled to center, Blalock to second. Murphy safe at first on error by second baseman Hill, Blalock to third, Cruz to second. Byrd reached on infield single to shortstop, Blalock scored, Cruz to third, Murphy to second. Davis struck out swinging, Cruz scored, Murphy to third, Byrd to second on wild pitch by Janssen. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia singled to right, Murphy scored, Byrd to third. Byrd caught stealing home, to catcher, Saltalamacchia to second on runner's fielder's choice. Andrus flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Millar fouled out to catcher. Barajas struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to right. Scutaro caught stealing second, catcher to second. Hill batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Kinsler flied out to right. Young grounded out to pitcher. Blalock grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Hill flied out to center. Rios doubled to deep right. Wells struck out looking. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Cruz struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to first. Byrd singled to right. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Jones hit for Davis. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Byrd out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Jones at first base. Jennings pitching for Rangers. Rolen doubled to deep right. Overbay walked. Millar singled to left, Rolen to third, Overbay to second. McDonald ran for Millar. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Barajas fouled out to catcher. Scutaro singled to right, Rolen scored, Overbay to third, McDonald to second. Hill hit sacrifice fly to right, Overbay scored, McDonald to third. Rios walked, Scutaro to second. Wells lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Inglett in left field. Downs pitching for Blue Jays. Saltalamacchia walked. Andrus singled to center, Saltalamacchia to second. Kinsler flied out to left. Young grounded into fielder's choice to third, Saltalamacchia out at third, Andrus to second. Blalock flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 6 - Rangers 3.	Lind helps Jays snap road skid, beat Rangers