Blue Jays - Top 1st. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Scutaro walked. Hill flied out to center. Lind flied out to left. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter singled to deep right. Damon flied out to right. Teixeira walked, Jeter to second. Posada singled to left, Jeter to third, Teixeira to second. Matsui safe at first on error by first baseman Overbay, Jeter scored, Teixeira advanced to third on Overbay error, Posada to third, Teixeira tagged out at home attempting to advance on. Swisher singled to right, Posada scored, Matsui to second. Cano grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Overbay flied out to right. Wells singled to left. Wells caught stealing second, pitcher to second. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera grounded out to second. Ransom walked. Jeter singled to left center, Ransom to second. Damon struck out swinging. Teixeira walked, Ransom to third, Jeter to second. Posada singled to left, Ransom and Jeter scored, Teixeira to second. Matsui walked, Teixeira to third, Posada to second. Swisher struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Dellucci popped out to shortstop. Chavez doubled to right. Scutaro grounded out to second, Chavez to third. Hill singled to left, Chavez scored. Lind homered to right, Hill scored. Rolen flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Cano singled to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cano out at second. Ransom struck out looking. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Chamberlain pitching for Yankees. Overbay singled to left center. Wells flied out to left. Rios safe at first on error by third baseman Ransom, Overbay to second. Dellucci flied out to right. Chavez doubled to left, Overbay scored, Rios to third. Scutaro singled to center, Rios and Chavez scored. Hill homered to right center, Scutaro scored. Lind singled to center. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Rolen singled to left, Lind to third. Overbay lined out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Damon struck out swinging. Teixeira walked. Posada singled to center, Teixeira to second. Matsui homered to right, Teixeira and Posada scored. Swisher flied out to left. Cano singled to right. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Cano caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cabrera batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Wells grounded out to shortstop. Rios doubled to deep right center, Rios to third on error by right fielder Swisher. Dellucci struck out swinging. Chavez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Ryan pitching for Blue Jays. Cabrera walked. Ransom grounded out to third, Cabrera to second. Jeter homered to right, Cabrera scored. Damon walked. Hayhurst pitching for Blue Jays. Teixeira flied out to center. Posada doubled to deep right, Damon scored. Matsui singled to right, Posada thrown out at home. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Scutaro grounded out to third. Hill struck out swinging. Lind flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Swisher struck out swinging. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left. Ransom struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Rolen fouled out to right. Overbay grounded out to first. Wells struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. League pitching for Blue Jays. Jeter reached on infield single to third. Damon walked, Jeter to second. Teixeira flied out to center. Posada grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Damon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Rios singled to left. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rios out at second. Chavez struck out swinging. Scutaro bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Blue Jays. Matsui struck out swinging. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Cano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Gardner in center field. Cabrera in right field. Aceves pitching for Yankees. Hill grounded out to shortstop. Lind struck out swinging. Rolen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 8 - Yankees 10.	Jeter, Yanks fight back to sink Jays in shootout