Cardinals - Top 1st. Cook pitching for Rockies. Vina walked. Renteria singled to right, Vina to third. Edmonds doubled to left, Vina and Renteria scored, Edmonds tagged out at third attempting to advance on throw. Pujols walked. Rolen doubled to right, Pujols to third. Martinez grounded out to second, Pujols scored, Rolen to third. Perez lined out to center. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Stynes singled to left. Payton singled to center, Stynes to third. Helton singled to left, Stynes scored, Payton to second, Payton to third, Helton to second on error by left fielder Pujols. Walker walked. Wilson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Payton scored, Walker out at second, Helton to third. Hernandez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Matheny grounded out to third. Simontacchi grounded out to catcher. Vina flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Johnson singled to left center. Butler walked, Johnson to second. Cook bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Johnson out at third, Butler to second. Stynes lined out to third. Payton tripled to deep right, Butler and Cook scored. Helton walked. Walker walked, Helton to second. Wilson struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cook pitching for Rockies. Renteria walked. Edmonds flied out to left. Pujols doubled to deep left center, Renteria scored. Rolen grounded out to shortstop. Martinez intentionally walked. Perez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez flied out to center. Johnson grounded out to third. Butler walked. Cook reached on infield single to shortstop, Butler to second. Stynes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cook out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Matheny grounded out to second. Simontacchi reached on infield single to second. Vina grounded into fielder's choice to second, Simontacchi out at second. Renteria singled to left, Vina to second. Edmonds homered to right, Vina and Renteria scored. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Payton singled to shallow right. Painter pitching for Cardinals. Helton doubled to left, Payton scored. Walker grounded out to pitcher, Helton to third. Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Helton scored. Hernandez flied out to center. Johnson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cook pitching for Rockies. Rolen popped out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to right center. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Belliard hit for Cook. Painter pitching for Cardinals. Butler popped out to shallow left. Belliard struck out looking. Stynes doubled to left. Reed pitching for Rockies. Payton popped out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Palmeiro hit for Painter. Reed pitching for Rockies. Matheny singled to center. Palmeiro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Matheny out at second. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Vina struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Helton singled to center. Walker singled to right, Helton to third. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Wilson tripled to deep left center, Helton and Walker scored. Hernandez singled to center, Wilson scored. Johnson homered to left, Hernandez scored. Richard hit for Reed. Butler flied out to right center. Richard struck out swinging. Speier pitching for Rockies. Stynes flied out to right. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Rockies. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Edmonds doubled to deep center. Pujols walked. Rolen singled to shallow right, Edmonds scored, Pujols to second. Martinez hit by pitch, Pujols to third, Rolen to second. Perez hit by pitch, Pujols scored, Rolen to third, Martinez to second. Cairo hit for Calero. Matheny walked, Rolen scored, Martinez to third, Perez to second. Cairo struck out swinging. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Vina doubled to deep right, Martinez and Perez scored, Matheny to third. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Renteria lined out to center. 5 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Payton grounded out to second. Helton homered to right. Walker struck out swinging. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Edmonds struck out swinging. Jones pitching for Rockies. Pujols grounded out to second. Robinson in left field. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez flied out to center. Johnson walked. Butler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Rockies. Martinez grounded out to first. Perez struck out swinging. Delgado hit for Hermanson. Matheny singled to right center. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Norton hit for Jones. Delgado flied out to shallow left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Springer pitching for Cardinals. Norton flied out to deep center. Stynes lined out to left. Payton singled to center. Helton walked, Payton to second. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Walker singled to right, Payton thrown out at home, Helton to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Vina grounded out to second. Renteria flied out to left. Edmonds singled to right. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 10th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to second. Hernandez singled to right, Hernandez to second on error by right fielder Perez. Johnson intentionally walked. Butler grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Johnson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 11th. Jimenez pitching for Rockies. Rolen flied out to deep center. Martinez singled to left. Perez struck out swinging. Kapler hit for Jimenez. Matheny grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 11th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Kapler doubled to left. Stynes sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kapler to third. Payton flied out to shallow left. Helton walked, Stynes to second. Kapler in left field. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Marrero hit for Kline. Walker grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Kapler out at home. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 12th. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Marrero walked. Vina flied out to right. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Marrero out at second. Renteria stole second. Edmonds intentionally walked. Marrero in right field. Perez in left field. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 12th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to third. Hernandez grounded out to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 13th. Miceli pitching for Rockies. Rolen walked. Martinez struck out swinging. Perez singled to left, Rolen to second. Matheny homered to left, Rolen and Perez scored. Marrero flied out to center. Vina singled to center. Renteria lined out to right. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 13th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Butler fouled out to first. Kapler grounded out to shortstop. Stynes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 15 - Rockies 12.	Cardinals snap Rockies' win streak in 13 innings