Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Counsell struck out swinging. Finley fouled out to third. Gonzalez singled to right. Dellucci struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina grounded out to pitcher. Palmeiro flied out to left. Rolen flied out to right center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Overbay singled to center. Spivey doubled to left, Overbay to third. Womack grounded out to shortstop, Overbay scored. Moeller grounded out to second, Spivey to third. Kim doubled to deep right, Spivey scored. Counsell safe at first on error by second baseman Vina, Kim to third. Finley hit by pitch, Counsell to second. Gonzalez flied out to right. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds walked. Renteria hit ground rule double to center, Edmonds to third. Martinez popped out to shallow center. Marrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Edmonds out at home, Renteria to third. Matheny grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Dellucci grounded out to first. Overbay flied out to shallow left. Spivey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Simontacchi grounded out to shortstop. Vina hit by pitch. Vina caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Palmeiro flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Womack flied out to shallow center. Moeller grounded out to shortstop. Kim flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Rolen grounded out to second. Edmonds walked. Renteria singled to center, Edmonds to second. Martinez doubled to left, Edmonds scored, Renteria to third. Marrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Renteria scored, Martinez to third. Matheny singled to left, Martinez scored, Marrero to second. Simontacchi grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Marrero out at third, Matheny to second. Vina grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Counsell walked. Finley struck out looking. Gonzalez homered to center, Counsell scored. Dellucci singled to left. Overbay grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Dellucci out at second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Palmeiro flied out to deep right. Rolen flied out to right center. Edmonds doubled to right center. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Renteria flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Calero pitching for Cardinals. Spivey walked. Womack reached on infield single to catcher, Spivey to second. Moeller struck out looking. Kim struck out swinging. Counsell lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Martinez flied out to deep right. Marrero popped out to third. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Matheny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Finley grounded out to first. Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Fassero. Dellucci grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. Dellucci stole second. Robinson hit for Fassero. Overbay struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Kim pitching for Diamondbacks. Robinson flied out to center. Vina grounded out to first. Palmeiro walked. Robinson in left field. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Rolen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Spivey singled to center. Womack grounded into double play, shortstop to first to shortstop to first, Spivey out at second. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Williams at third base. Counsell at shortstop. Moeller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Edmonds reached on infield single to second. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Renteria sacrificed to pitcher, Edmonds to second. Martinez flied out to center, Edmonds to third. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Williams grounded out to pitcher. Counsell grounded out to first. Finley walked. Cairo at first base. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Finley stole second. Gonzalez walked. Dellucci flied out to deep center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Pujols hit for Robinson. Mantei pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny popped out to shallow left center. Pujols struck out looking. Vina fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 4 - Cardinals 3.	Arizona's Kim picks up first win as starter