Cardinals - Top 1st. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Vina singled to center. Perez singled to right, Vina to third. Pujols popped out to second. Edmonds homered to right, Vina and Perez scored. Rolen grounded out to second. Renteria grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Lofton grounded out to first. Wilson flied out to right center. Giles walked. Ramirez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Giles out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Martinez grounded out to first. Widger grounded out to shortstop. Stephenson singled to right. Vina doubled to right center, Stephenson to third. Perez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Simon singled to right center. Kendall singled to center, Simon to third. Sanders flied out to right, Kendall to second on throwing error by right fielder Perez. Nunez grounded out to first. Meadows popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Pujols grounded out to third. Edmonds flied out to deep left. Rolen singled to center. Renteria flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Lofton walked. Wilson walked, Lofton to second. Giles popped out to third. Ramirez singled to center, Lofton scored, Wilson to second. Simon doubled to left, Wilson scored, Ramirez to third. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ramirez out at third. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendall out at second, Simon to third. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Martinez flied out to right. Widger grounded out to pitcher. Stephenson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Nunez struck out looking. Meadows struck out looking. Lofton fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Vina grounded out to second. Perez singled to left. Pujols grounded out to shortstop, Perez to second. Edmonds intentionally walked. Rolen homered to left, Perez and Edmonds scored. Renteria grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Cairo at second base. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Wilson flied out to right. Giles hit by pitch. Ramirez singled to left, Giles to second. Simon flied out to center, Giles to third. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Kendall flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Tavarez pitching for Pirates. Martinez safe at first on error by shortstop Wilson. Widger grounded into double play, second to first, Martinez out at second. Stephenson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Sanders walked. Mackowiak hit for Tavarez. Nunez singled to right, Sanders to third. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Young hit for Mackowiak. Young walked, Nunez to second. Lofton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Sanders and Nunez scored on throwing error by first baseman Martinez, Young safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Martinez, Lof. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Wilson grounded out to pitcher. Giles lined out to right. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Ramirez singled to center, Young and Lofton scored, Ramirez thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. 4 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Cairo struck out swinging. Perez flied out to left. Pujols popped out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Hermanson pitching for Cardinals. Simon doubled to left. Kendall singled to center, Simon to third. Sanders walked, Kendall to second. Crudale pitching for Cardinals. Wilson hit for Boehringer. Nunez hit sacrifice fly to left, Simon scored. Wilson struck out swinging. Lofton doubled to left, Kendall scored, Sanders to third. Wilson hit by pitch. Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates. Giles grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Sauerbeck pitching for Pirates. Edmonds walked. Rolen struck out swinging. Molina pitching for Cardinals. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Molina pitching for Cardinals. Ramirez flied out to center. Simon grounded out to second. Williams pitching for Pirates. Kendall flied out to shallow right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Palmeiro hit for Widger. Williams pitching for Pirates. Martinez flied out to center. Drew hit for Molina. Palmeiro walked. Drew singled to left center, Palmeiro to third. Cairo singled to left, Palmeiro scored, Drew to second. Perez struck out swinging. Pujols flied out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Pirates 8.	Ramirez, key error allow Pirates to rally past Cards