Padres - Top 1st. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay flied out to left center. Loretta singled to shallow left center. Klesko hit ground rule double to right, Loretta to third. Burroughs hit sacrifice fly to shallow center, Loretta scored. White grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Padres. Hart grounded out to third. Drew homered to center. Pujols flied out to left. Rolen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez grounded out to second. Nady hit by pitch. Ojeda flied out to center. Perez singled to center, Nady to second. Kotsay singled to right, Nady scored, Perez to third. Loretta flied out to deep center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Padres. Perez homered to left center. Renteria singled to left. Widger struck out looking. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Stephenson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 3rd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Klesko flied out to left. Burroughs struck out looking. White flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Padres. Hart singled to center. Drew grounded out to pitcher, Hart to second. Pujols singled to center, Hart scored. Rolen flied out to right. Perez singled to left, Pujols to second. Renteria struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Vazquez grounded out to pitcher. Nady singled to right center. Ojeda doubled to deep left, Nady to third. Perez hit sacrifice fly to left, Nady scored, Ojeda to third. Kotsay walked. Loretta flied out to right center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Padres. Widger grounded out to shortstop. Palmeiro struck out swinging. Stephenson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Klesko reached on infield single to third. Burroughs struck out swinging, Klesko stole second. White grounded out to first, Klesko to third. Vazquez walked. Nady singled to right, Klesko scored, Vazquez to third, Vazquez scored, Nady to second on error by third baseman Rolen. Ojeda intentionally walked. Perez singled to center, Nady scored, Ojeda thrown out at third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Padres. Hart singled to left. Drew walked, Hart to second. Hackman pitching for Padres. Pujols singled to center, Hart scored, Drew to second. Rolen struck out swinging. Perez doubled to left, Drew and Pujols scored. Perez stole third. Renteria grounded out to pitcher. Widger safe at first on error by third baseman Burroughs, Perez scored. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 6th. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay grounded out to first. Loretta flied out to center. Klesko reached on infield single to shortstop. Burroughs singled to shallow left center, Klesko to second. Robinson in left field. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. White walked, Klesko to third, Burroughs to second. Matthews pitching for Padres. Vazquez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Matthews pitching for Padres. Robinson lined out to left. Hart struck out looking. Drew bunt popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Nady walked. Matthews Jr hit for Matthews. Ojeda struck out swinging. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Matthews Jr grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Pujols grounded out to third. Rolen lined out to left. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay lined out to left. Loretta flied out to right center. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Edmonds in center field. Drew in right field. Klesko lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Linebrink pitching for Padres. Renteria lined out to third. Widger flied out to center. Edmonds walked. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Robinson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs doubled to left. White grounded out to second, Burroughs to third. Vazquez singled to right, Burroughs scored. Hansen hit for Ojeda. Nady walked, Vazquez to second, Vazquez to third on throwing error by catcher Widger. Bennett hit for Linebrink. Hansen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vazquez out at home, Nady to second. Bennett catching. Witasick pitching for Padres. Bennett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hansen out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Hart struck out swinging. Drew doubled to left center. Pujols intentionally walked. Martinez hit for Isringhausen. Rolen struck out swinging. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Martinez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 10th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Kotsay grounded out to second. Loretta grounded out to third. Klesko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Witasick pitching for Padres. Renteria popped out to second. Widger grounded out to third. Edmonds walked. Robinson singled to shallow left, Edmonds to second. Edmonds to third, Robinson to second on wild pitch by Witasick. Hart grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 11th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Burroughs grounded out to second. White struck out swinging. Vazquez singled to left. Herges pitching for Padres. Buchanan in right field. Nady grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 11th. Herges pitching for Padres. Drew reached on infield single to second. Pujols homered to left center, Drew scored. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 7 - Cardinals 9.	Pujols hits first career walk-off homer