Cardinals - Top 1st. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Hart flied out to shallow right center. Drew flied out to left. Pujols walked. Rolen homered to left, Pujols scored. Renteria walked. Perez homered to center, Renteria scored. Matheny flied out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Henderson homered to left center. Cora grounded out to third. Green popped out to second. Lo Duca flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher. Williams flied out to left center. Hart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Burnitz homered to right. Beltre grounded out to third. Ross homered to center. Izturis singled to left center. Perez struck out looking. Henderson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Drew struck out swinging. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Rolen walked. Renteria singled to center, Rolen to third, Rolen scored on error by center fielder Burnitz.E Renteria to second advancing on throw. Perez walked. Renteria stole third, Perez stole second. Matheny struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Cora grounded out to second. Green grounded out to second. Lo Duca singled to left. Burnitz homered to right, Lo Duca scored. Beltre singled to right. Ross grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Perez pitching for Dodgers. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop. Williams homered to left. Hart singled to center. Drew struck out looking. Pujols homered to center, Hart scored. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Rolen walked. Renteria flied out to deep center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Izturis grounded out to first. Alvarez singled to right. Henderson popped out to shallow right center. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Alvarez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Perez popped out to second. Matheny flied out to center. Palmeiro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Green flied out to shallow right. Lo Duca grounded out to second. Burnitz grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Alvarez pitching for Dodgers. Williams grounded out to shortstop. Hart grounded out to third. Drew grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Beltre singled to left. Ross struck out swinging. Barnes hit for Alvarez. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Beltre out at second. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Barnes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Shuey pitching for Dodgers. Pujols walked. Rolen singled to center, Pujols to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rolen out at second, Pujols to third. Perez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Henderson flied out to left. Cora struck out swinging. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Matheny singled to right. Palmeiro singled to left, Matheny to second. Williams bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matheny safe at third on error by pitcher Mota, Palmeiro to second. Hart grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Matheny out at home, Palmeiro to third, Williams to second. Drew in right field. Edmonds in center field. Drew grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Lo Duca reached on infield single to third. Painter pitching for Cardinals. Burnitz struck out swinging. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Beltre homered to left, Lo Duca scored. Ross struck out swinging. Cabrera hit for Izturis. Cabrera at shortstop. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Cabrera fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Quantrill pitching for Dodgers. Pujols hit by pitch. Pujols stole second. Rolen walked. Renteria flied out to center, Pujols to third. Edmonds struck out swinging, Rolen stole second. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Ward hit for Quantrill. Matheny singled to right, Pujols and Rolen scored, Matheny tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Ward struck out swinging. Henderson singled to left. Henderson to second on fielder's indifference. Cora struck out looking. Green grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Dodgers 7.	Cards, LA have home-run derby of their own