Pirates - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Kendall popped out to second. Nunez flied out to center. Giles walked. Stairs walked, Giles to second. Giles to third, Stairs to second on wild pitch by Haren. Sanders flied out to shallow center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Wells pitching for Pirates. Hart grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to second. Pujols popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Simon lined out to second. Hernandez struck out swinging. Reboulet struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Edmonds flied out to right. Rolen singled to center. Martinez walked, Rolen to second. Renteria grounded out to first, Rolen to third, Martinez to second. Matheny intentionally walked. Haren struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Wells struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to third. Nunez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Wells pitching for Pirates. Hart grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to second. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Giles struck out looking. Stairs popped out to second. Sanders struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Edmonds singled to right. Rolen flied out to center. Martinez lined out to left. Renteria singled to right, Edmonds to second. Matheny walked, Edmonds to third, Renteria to second. Haren struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Simon grounded out to first. Hernandez hit ground rule double to right center. Reboulet walked. Wells sacrificed to pitcher, Hernandez to third, Reboulet to second. Kendall walked. Nunez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Hart grounded out to shortstop. Drew homered to left. Pujols flied out to left. Edmonds walked. Rolen flied out to right center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Cardinals. Giles doubled to deep right center. Stairs grounded out to second, Giles to third. Sanders tripled to deep left center, Giles scored. Simon singled to right, Sanders scored. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez reached on infield single to shortstop, Simon to second. Reboulet singled to right, Simon scored, Hernandez to third. Wells grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hernandez out at home, Reboulet to second. Kendall grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Wells pitching for Pirates. Martinez walked. Renteria singled to left, Martinez to second. Palmeiro hit for Yan. Matheny sacrificed to pitcher, Martinez to third, Renteria to second. Palmeiro hit sacrifice fly to center, Martinez scored, Renteria to third. Hart hit by pitch. Renteria scored, Hart to second on wild pitch by Wells, Hart safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall. Drew singled to center, Hart scored. Painter pitching for Cardinals. Pujols struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 7th. Painter pitching for Cardinals. Nunez struck out swinging. Giles homered to right. Stairs grounded out to pitcher. Sanders walked. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Wilson at first base. Simon grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez doubled to deep right. Reboulet doubled to center, Hernandez scored. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reboulet and Wilson scored on throwing error by shortstop Renteria, Kendall to third advancing on play. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Nunez hit by pitch. Giles walked, Nunez to second. Stairs grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kendall scored, Giles out at second, Nunez to third. Crudale pitching for Cardinals. Robinson in left field. Pujols at first base. Sanders homered to left, Nunez scored. Hyzdu in center field. Giles in left field. Sanders in right field. Meadows struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Renteria grounded out to third. Matheny struck out looking. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Delgado at shortstop. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Rivera hit for Wilson. Reboulet struck out looking. Rivera at first base. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Meadows pitching for Pirates. Hart grounded out to second. Drew grounded out to shortstop. Perez hit for Edmonds. Pujols doubled to right center. Perez singled to center, Pujols scored. Rolen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 10 - Cardinals 5.	Bucs' 8th-inning surge subdues Cardinals