Cardinals - Top 1st. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Hart homered to right. Drew flied out to right. Pujols grounded out to third. Martinez struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 1st. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno hit ground rule double to right center. Reyes flied out to deep center, Cedeno to third. Floyd singled to center, Cedeno scored. Phillips singled to left, Floyd to third. Perez singled to left, Floyd scored, Phillips to second. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Perez out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Rolen grounded out to third. Renteria flied out to center. Robinson singled to right. Widger grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Clark struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to left. Griffiths struck out swinging. Cedeno grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Stephenson struck out swinging. Hart reached on infield single to third. Drew flied out to center. Pujols walked, Hart to second. Martinez singled to center, Hart scored, Pujols to second. Rolen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Reyes flied out to left center. Floyd reached on infield single to second. Phillips popped out to shallow right. Perez singled to right, Floyd to third. Wigginton grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Robinson singled to right. Widger reached on infield single to third, Robinson to second. Stephenson sacrificed to pitcher, Robinson to third, Widger to second. Hart flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Clark grounded out to first. Scutaro walked. Griffiths sacrificed to catcher, Scutaro to second. Cedeno popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Drew flied out to center. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. Martinez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Reyes singled to center. Floyd flied out to center, Reyes to third. Phillips grounded out to second, Reyes scored. Perez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Rolen popped out to shallow right. Renteria singled to left. Robinson flied out to center. Widger flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Clark homered to left. Scutaro hit ground rule double to left center. Griffiths grounded out to third. Palmeiro hit for Stephenson. Cedeno flied out to deep center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Griffiths pitching for Mets. Palmeiro grounded out to third. Hart grounded out to pitcher. Palmeiro in center field. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Drew struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Reyes reached on infield single to shortstop. Floyd singled to left center, Reyes to third. Phillips singled to center, Reyes scored, Floyd to second. Perez walked, Floyd to third, Phillips to second. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Wigginton hit sacrifice fly to left center, Floyd scored, Phillips to third. Clark doubled to left, Phillips and Perez scored. Gonzalez hit for Griffiths. Scutaro flied out to left. Gonzalez in left field. McEwing at second base. Weathers pitching for Mets. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Pujols doubled to right center. Cairo hit for Rolen. Martinez walked. Cairo flied out to right, Pujols to third. Renteria walked, Martinez to second. Perez hit for Widger. Robinson grounded out to first, Pujols scored, Martinez to third, Renteria to second. Perez singled to center, Martinez and Renteria scored. Cairo at third base. Perez in right field. Robinson in center field. Borbon pitching for Cardinals. Matheny catching. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Perez out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Jr. Borbon pitching for Cardinals. Cedeno doubled to left. Reyes bunt popped out to catcher. McEwing singled to left, Cedeno scored. Phillips doubled to deep center, McEwing scored. Perez grounded out to shortstop, Phillips to third. Wigginton singled to left center, Phillips scored. Clark homered to left, Wigginton scored. Weathers grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Hart grounded out to third. Matheny struck out looking. Pujols singled to center. Martinez doubled to right, Pujols to third. Cairo popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Mets 13.	Clark's HRs help Mets bash Cardinals