Cardinals - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Pirates. Hart singled to center. Robinson singled to left, Hart to second. Pujols homered to right center, Hart and Robinson scored. Edmonds hit ground rule double to deep left center. Rolen walked. Martinez homered to right, Edmonds and Rolen scored. Mahomes pitching for Pirates. Renteria doubled to left. Widger grounded out to third. Tomko grounded out to third. Hart struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Redman homered to right. Kendall grounded out to third. Giles homered to right. Sanders reached on infield single to third. Sanders to second on wild pitch by Tomko. Stairs struck out swinging. Hernandez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Mahomes pitching for Pirates. Robinson walked. Pujols flied out to center, Robinson to third. Edmonds intentionally walked. Rolen walked, Edmonds to second. Martinez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Wilson popped out to second. Nunez struck out swinging. Mahomes reached on infield single to shortstop. Redman grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Mahomes pitching for Pirates. Renteria flied out to deep right. Widger grounded out to second. Tomko grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Kendall grounded out to second. Giles singled to center. Sanders grounded into fielder's choice to third, Giles out at second. Stairs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Mahomes pitching for Pirates. Hart tripled to center. Robinson singled to center, Hart scored. Pujols singled to right, Robinson to second. Edmonds walked, Robinson to third, Pujols to second. Rolen hit sacrifice fly to center, Robinson scored, Pujols to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Pujols scored. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Hernandez flied out to deep right center. Wilson singled to center. Wilson to second on wild pitch by Tomko. Simon hit for Mahomes. Nunez grounded out to first, Wilson to third. Corey pitching for Pirates. Simon popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Widger doubled to left. Tomko bunted into fielder's choice to first, Widger out at third. Hart grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Tomko out at second. Robinson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Redman grounded out to second. Kendall flied out to right. Giles popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Pujols safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Corey. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Martinez grounded out to second, Pujols scored, Rolen to second. Renteria flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Tomko pitching for Cardinals. Sanders homered to left. Stairs homered to right center. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Wilson fouled out to shortstop. Nunez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Corey pitching for Pirates. Widger struck out swinging. Tomko singled to center. Hart struck out swinging. Journell pitching for Cardinals. Cota hit for Corey. Robinson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Journell pitching for Cardinals. Cota singled to shallow right. Redman walked, Cota to second. Kendall lined into double play, to second, Cota doubled off second. Cota catching. Wilson in right field. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Sanders in left field. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Perez hit for Edmonds. Gonzalez pitching for Pirates. Pujols singled to center. Perez fouled out to first. Perez in right field. Robinson in center field. Rolen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pujols out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Journell pitching for Cardinals. Sanders flied out to left. Stairs singled to right. Hernandez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Journell, Stairs to third. Wilson hit sacrifice fly to left center, Stairs scored. Nunez walked. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Cota struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 9th. Boehringer pitching for Pirates. Martinez popped out to shallow right. Renteria flied out to center. Palmeiro hit for Journell. Widger walked. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Palmeiro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Widger out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Redman grounded out to first. Reboulet hit for Boehringer. Wilson grounded out to shortstop. Reboulet singled to center. Yan pitching for Cardinals. Sanders hit by pitch, Reboulet to second. Borbon pitching for Cardinals. Stairs singled to left, Reboulet scored, Sanders to third. Simontacchi pitching for Cardinals. Rivera hit for Hernandez. Rivera popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 10 - Pirates 6.	Pujols, Martinez power Cards to great start in win