Cardinals - Top 1st. Prior pitching for Cubs. Vina reached on infield single to second. Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop, Vina to second. Pujols flied out to deep left center. Edmonds struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Lofton doubled to left. Womack reached on bunt single to third, Lofton to third. Sosa struck out swinging, Womack stole second. Alou hit by pitch. Karros grounded into fielder's choice to first, Lofton out at home, Womack to third, Alou to second. Ramirez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Rolen doubled to center. Martinez flied out to left. Renteria fouled out to first, Rolen to third. Matheny popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Martinez flied out to right. Miller doubled to left. Prior flied out to right, Miller to third. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Prior pitching for Cubs. Williams flied out to shallow center. Vina struck out looking. Palmeiro singled to center. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Womack singled to center. Sosa struck out swinging. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to third, Womack safe at second on error by third baseman Rolen. Karros flied out to center. Ramirez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 4th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Edmonds walked. Rolen struck out swinging. Martinez popped out to shallow right. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Martinez walked. Miller reached on infield single to second, Martinez to second. Prior sacrificed to pitcher, Martinez to third, Miller to second. Lofton flied out to center. Womack fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Matheny singled to right. Williams sacrificed to catcher, Matheny to second. Vina grounded out to shortstop, Matheny to third. Palmeiro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Sosa singled to left. Alou singled to center, Sosa to third, Alou to second advancing on throw. Karros singled to right, Sosa scored, Alou to third. Ramirez walked, Karros to second. Martinez singled to left, Alou scored, Karros to third, Ramirez to second. Miller hit sacrifice fly to right, Karros scored, Ramirez to third. Prior singled to left center, Ramirez scored, Martinez to third. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Lofton safe at first on error by third baseman Rolen, Martinez scored, Prior to second. Womack doubled to left, Prior scored, Lofton to third. Sosa struck out swinging. Alou popped out to shallow right. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Pujols fouled out to first. Edmonds walked. Cairo at third base. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Rolen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Edmonds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 6th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Karros homered to left. Ramirez singled to left. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. Miller grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Martinez flied out to left. Renteria struck out swinging. Hart at shortstop. Matheny struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 7th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Prior singled to center. Lofton singled to right, Prior to second. Womack struck out swinging. Sosa flied out to center. Alou flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Prior pitching for Cubs. Cairo flied out to right center. Vina singled to left. Palmeiro walked, Vina to second. Robinson hit for Pujols. Taguchi hit for Edmonds. Robinson struck out swinging. Robinson in left field. Taguchi in center field. Girardi catching. Taguchi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cubs - Bottom 8th. Stephenson pitching for Cardinals. Karros flied out to center. Ramirez singled to right. Goodwin in right field. Ojeda at second base. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Glanville in center field. O'Leary in left field. Perez hit for Stephenson. Martinez grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Marrero hit for Martinez. Farnsworth pitching for Cubs. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Marrero singled to center. Hart struck out looking. Girardi struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 0 - Cubs 7.	Cubs' Prior baffles Cards with another gem