Astros - Top 1st. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Biggio struck out swinging. Ensberg struck out looking. Bagwell singled to center. Kent grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bagwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Robertson pitching for Astros. Vina grounded out to shortstop. Perez reached on bunt single to third. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Perez out at second. Rolen hit by pitch, Pujols to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Berkman singled to center. Chavez singled to center, Berkman to second. Everett singled to right, Berkman scored, Chavez to third, Everett to second advancing on throw. Robertson struck out swinging. Biggio flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Robertson pitching for Astros. Marrero flied out to left. Matheny lined out to third. Taguchi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Ensberg walked. Bagwell grounded into fielder's choice to first, Ensberg out at second. Kent grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bagwell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Robertson pitching for Astros. Hitchcock grounded out to pitcher. Vina grounded out to first. Perez singled to right center. Pujols walked, Perez to second. Rolen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Hidalgo walked. Berkman homered to center, Hidalgo scored. Chavez singled to left. Everett lined out to center. Robertson sacrificed to first, Chavez to second. Biggio walked. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Robertson pitching for Astros. Renteria walked. Marrero grounded out to third, Renteria to second. Matheny grounded out to second, Renteria to third. Taguchi homered to left center, Renteria scored. Hitchcock struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Hitchcock pitching for Cardinals. Ensberg flied out to center. Bagwell hit ground rule double to deep left. Kent singled to left, Bagwell scored. Kent stole second. Hidalgo grounded out to third. Berkman intentionally walked. Chavez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Robertson pitching for Astros. Vina flied out to center. Perez hit ground rule double to deep center. Pujols walked. Rolen walked, Perez to third, Pujols to second. Stone pitching for Astros. Renteria doubled to deep right, Perez and Pujols scored, Rolen to third. Marrero reached on infield single to pitcher, Rolen scored, Renteria to third. Matheny popped out to second. Pearce pitching for Cardinals. Taguchi struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Meluskey hit for Stone. Pearce pitching for Cardinals. Everett fouled out to catcher. Meluskey grounded out to second. White pitching for Astros. Robinson hit for Pearce. Biggio grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. White pitching for Astros. Robinson grounded out to shortstop. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Vina lined out to first. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Perez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Ensberg flied out to center. Bagwell flied out to left. Kent singled to center. Hidalgo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Fernandez pitching for Astros. Pujols walked. Rolen doubled to left, Pujols scored. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Rolen caught stealing third, catcher to third. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Marrero flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Berkman singled to right. Chavez popped out to second. Vizcaino hit for Fernandez. Everett grounded into fielder's choice to second, Berkman out at second. Saarloos pitching for Astros. Vizcaino singled to center, Everett thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Saarloos pitching for Astros. Matheny grounded out to shortstop. Drew hit for Kline. Gallo pitching for Astros. Taguchi struck out swinging. Drew walked. Palmeiro in right field. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Vina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Biggio doubled to left. Ensberg grounded out to pitcher. Bagwell walked. Kent grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bagwell out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 4 - Cardinals 6.	Cards take two, keep NL Central close