Cardinals - Top 1st. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina popped out to shortstop. Drew struck out swinging. Pujols struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Finley flied out to center. Kata struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds doubled to deep center. Rolen lined out to right. Edmonds to third on balk by Webb. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Edmonds scored, Martinez to second on error by catcher Hammock. Matheny singled to center, Martinez to third. Hart struck out swinging. Williams grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Cintron doubled to deep right. Bautista walked. Counsell grounded out to first, Cintron to third, Bautista to second. Hammock intentionally walked. Webb struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Vina struck out looking. Drew safe at first on error by pitcher Webb. Pujols reached on infield single to pitcher, Drew to second. Edmonds homered to center, Drew and Pujols scored. Rolen struck out swinging. Martinez flied out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Finley grounded out to first. Kata grounded out to second. Gonzalez walked. Hillenbrand singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Cintron reached on infield single to second, Gonzalez to third, Hillenbrand to second. Bautista grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cintron out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Webb pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny walked. Hart popped out to second. Williams sacrificed to pitcher, Matheny to second. Vina doubled to deep center, Matheny scored. Drew walked. Vina to third, Drew to second on wild pitch by Webb, Vina scored on throwing error by catcher Hammock. Pujols grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Counsell lined out to pitcher. McCracken hit for Webb. Hammock grounded out to second. McCracken singled to center. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Finley lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Edmonds struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Pujols at first base. Taguchi in left field. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Rolen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Kata singled to center. Gonzalez flied out to left. Grace at first base. Hillenbrand at third base. Counsell at second base. Hillenbrand grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Kata out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Randolph pitching for Diamondbacks. Matheny walked. Hart grounded out to first, Matheny to second. Williams struck out swinging. Vina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Cintron doubled to left. Bautista fouled out to first. Counsell grounded out to first, Cintron to third. Reyes pitching for Diamondbacks. Hammock grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew struck out looking. Girardi hit for Edmonds. Overbay at first base. Pujols doubled to left. Girardi struck out swinging. Rolen walked. Taguchi homered to left, Pujols and Rolen scored. Matheny reached on infield single to third. Girardi catching. Cairo at third base. Taguchi in center field. Marrero in left field. Baerga hit for Reyes. Hart struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Williams pitching for Cardinals. Baerga reached on infield single to third, Baerga to second on throwing error by third baseman Cairo. Kline pitching for Cardinals. Finley homered to right, Baerga scored. Overbay doubled to deep center. Eldred pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Overbay to third. Hillenbrand fouled out to first. Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop, Overbay scored. Bautista doubled to deep right, Cintron scored. Myers pitching for Diamondbacks. Perez hit for Eldred. Counsell flied out to center. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Perez flied out to center. Vina fouled out to third. Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks. Drew walked. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Pujols struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Jose hit for Valverde. DeJean pitching for Cardinals. Hammock doubled to left. Jose grounded out to first, Hammock to third. Finley lined out to right. Fassero pitching for Cardinals. Overbay doubled to deep right center, Hammock scored. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hillenbrand struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks. Girardi singled to right. Cairo flied out to right. Taguchi grounded out to second, Girardi to second. Marrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Isringhausen pitching for Cardinals. Cintron flied out to left. Bautista grounded out to second. Counsell singled to right. Counsell to second on fielder's indifference. Hammock struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 9 - Diamondbacks 5.	Pujols narrowly wins batting title