Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Suarez pitching for Giants . Marte tripled to deep right center . Marte scored on error by third baseman Sandoval , Vargas safe at first on error by third baseman Sandoval . Escobar lined out to center . Vargas to second on wild pitch by Suárez . Jones reached on infield single to third , Vargas to third . Cron sacrificed into double play , right to first , Vargas scored , Jones out at first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 1st . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded out to first . Duggar reached on bunt single to third . Duggar picked off first . Posey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Ahmed flied out to right . Locastro doubled to deep center . Avila struck out looking . Clarke flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval flied out to left . Belt singled to shallow left . Pillar singled to right , Belt to second . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Crawford walked , Pillar to second , Belt to third . Belt scored , Suárez safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed , Crawford to second , Pillar to third . Panik flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Suarez pitching for Giants . Marte homered to left ( 397 feet ) . Vargas singled to right . Escobar doubled to left , Vargas scored , Escobar to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , Escobar scored . Cron popped out to first . Ahmed struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Duggar doubled to right . Posey grounded out to shortstop . Sandoval walked . Belt flied out to left . Pillar lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Locastro walked . Avila singled to center , Locastro to second . Avila to second on wild pitch by Suárez , Locastro to third on wild pitch by Suárez . Clarke lined out to third . Marte intentionally walked . Vargas grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Locastro scored , Marte to second , Avila out at third . Escobar grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski lined out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . Suárez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Suarez pitching for Giants . Jones doubled to deep left . Cron doubled to left , Jones scored . Ahmed walked . Dyson pitching for Giants . Locastro doubled to right center , Cron scored , Ahmed to third . Ahmed scored on error by first baseman Belt and Locastro scored on error by first baseman Belt , Avila safe at first on error by first baseman Belt . Clarke struck out swinging . Marte struck out looking . Vargas lined out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 5th . Swihart in right field . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded out to pitcher . Duggar struck out looking . Posey flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Rodríguez pitching for Giants . Vogt catching . Escobar popped out to third . Swihart grounded out to second . Cron flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Sandoval struck out swinging . Belt flied out to right . Pillar doubled to right , Pillar thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . Locastro lined out to third . Avila grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Clarke pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski hit by pitch . Crawford struck out swinging . Vogt walked , Yastrzemski to second . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Panik grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vogt out at second , Yastrzemski to third . Austin hit for Duggar . Austin walked , Panik to second . Longoria hit for Rodríguez . Longoria walked , Yastrzemski scored , Austin to second , Panik to third . Sandoval singled to right center , Austin scored and Panik scored , Longoria to third . Belt grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Austin in left field . Melancon pitching for Giants . Yastrzemski in center field . Kelly hit for Chafin . Kelly singled to right center . Marte grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Kelly out at second . Vargas grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Pillar lined out to second . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Giants . Escobar popped out to first . Swihart singled to left . Cron struck out swinging . Ahmed singled to center , Swihart to second . Locastro flied out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Holland pitching for Diamondbacks . Vogt singled to shallow right . Panik struck out swinging . Austin flied out to right . Solano hit for Watson . Solano singled to left center , Vogt to third . Solano to second on fielder 's indifference . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Giants 4 .	Marte homers again as Diamondbacks rout Giants 10 - 4