Giants - Top 1st . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Panik walked . Yastrzemski tripled to right , Panik scored . Posey singled to left center , Yastrzemski scored . Belt flied out to center . Sandoval singled to right , Posey to third . Longoria walked , Sandoval to second . Crawford hit sacrifice fly to center , Posey scored . Pillar reached on infield single to shortstop , Longoria to second , Sandoval to third . Duggar singled to left center , Longoria scored and Sandoval scored , Duggar safe at second on throwing error by left fielder Smith Jr. , Pillar to third . Panik grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pomeranz pitching for Giants . Alberto grounded out to second . Villar walked . Mancini singled to right center , Villar to third . Núñez reached on infield single to shortstop , Villar scored on throwing error by shortstop Crawford , Mancini to second , Mancini safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Crawford . Severino singled to center , Mancini scored on error by center fielder Duggar , Núñez to second , Núñez safe at third on error by center fielder Duggar . Stewart struck out looking . Broxton walked , Severino to second . Smith Jr. homered to center ( 442 feet ) , Núñez scored , Severino scored and Broxton scored . Martin struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Yastrzemski homered to right ( 417 feet ) . Posey singled to center . Belt grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Posey out at second . Sandoval walked . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sandoval out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pomeranz pitching for Giants . Alberto flied out to center . Villar reached on bunt single to first . Villar stole second . Villar stole third . Mancini homered to left center ( 383 feet ) , Villar scored . Rodríguez pitching for Giants . Núñez grounded out to third . Severino lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Crawford flied out to center . Pillar fouled out to first . Duggar reached on bunt single to third . Panik popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Stewart struck out swinging . Broxton grounded out to third . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Yastrzemski grounded out to second . Posey walked . Belt lined out to right . Sandoval grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Martin grounded out to third . Alberto grounded out to third . Villar walked . Mancini grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Villar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Cashner pitching for Orioles . Longoria lined out to center . Crawford walked . Pillar popped out to first . Duggar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Núñez grounded out to shortstop . Severino doubled to deep left . Stewart walked . Broxton flied out to center , Severino to third . Smith Jr. hit by pitch , Stewart to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smith Jr. out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Panik grounded out to third . Yastrzemski walked . Posey grounded into double play , second to first , Yastrzemski out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Alberto grounded out to third . Villar singled to center . Mancini grounded into double play , third to second to first , Villar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Fry pitching for Orioles . Belt hit by pitch . Sandoval grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Belt out at second . Givens pitching for Orioles . Longoria struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Dyson pitching for Giants . Núñez homered to left ( 444 feet ) . Severino flied out to right . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Broxton grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Pillar flied out to center . Solano hit for Duggar . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Solano struck out swinging . Austin hit for Panik . Austin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Austin in left field . Yastrzemski in right field . Pillar in center field . Solano at second base . Holland pitching for Giants . Smith Jr. struck out swinging . Martin struck out swinging . Alberto walked . Alberto caught stealing first , first to shortstop . Derek Holland pitches to Jonathan Villar . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Bleier pitching for Orioles . Yastrzemski grounded out to first . Posey flied out to right . Belt singled to center . Sandoval fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Orioles 9 .	Dwight Smith hits 1st grand slam , Orioles beat Giants 9 - 6