Dodgers - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Pederson popped out to second . Muncy flied out to right . Turner doubled to deep right center . Bellinger intentionally walked . Seager singled to left , Bellinger to second , Turner to third . Verdugo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Yastrzemski grounded out to first . Belt flied out to left . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Hernández flied out to left . Martin lined out to center . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Austin struck out looking . Pillar flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Pederson struck out , Pederson to first on wild pitch by Samardzija . Muncy flied out to right . Turner hit ground rule double to deep left , Pederson to third . Bellinger intentionally walked . Seager singled to right center , Pederson scored , Bellinger to second , Turner to third . Verdugo grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Seager to second , Bellinger to third , Turner out at home . Hernández grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Seager out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Garcia homered to right ( 336 feet ) . Solano reached on infield single to catcher . Samardzija bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Solano out at second . Yastrzemski singled to right , Yastrzemski to second , Samardzija to third . Belt walked , Yastrzemski to second . Longoria struck out swinging . Austin lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Martin safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Hill bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Martin out at second . Pederson struck out looking . Muncy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 4th . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Pillar doubled to deep center . Crawford walked . Garcia struck out swinging . Solano singled to center , Pillar scored , Crawford to third . Samardzija struck out swinging . Yastrzemski struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Turner singled to left . Turner to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Bellinger grounded out to pitcher , Turner to third . Seager doubled to right center , Turner scored . Verdugo flied out to left . Hernández struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Hill pitching for Dodgers . Belt singled to right center . Longoria singled to left , Belt to second . Austin walked , Longoria to second , Belt to third . Pillar fouled out to first . Crawford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Austin out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Giants . Martin struck out swinging . Garlick hit for Hill . Garlick doubled to left . Pederson hit by pitch . Holland pitching for Giants . Solano at shortstop . Panik at second base . Muncy walked , Pederson to second , Garlick to third . Gott pitching for Giants . Turner hit sacrifice fly to right , Garlick scored , Pederson to third . Bellinger flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Urías pitching for Dodgers . Garcia grounded out to third . Solano lined out to shortstop . Panik singled to left . Panik stole second . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Gott pitching for Giants . Seager grounded out to second . Verdugo struck out swinging . Hernández struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Urias pitching for Dodgers . Belt walked . Longoria lined out to second . Belt to second on balk . Austin walked . Pillar flied out to right . Sandoval hit for Gott . Sandoval grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Rodríguez pitching for Giants . Martin singled to right . Freese hit for Urías . Freese doubled to right , Martin to third . Pederson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop . Muncy walked , Martin scored , Pederson to second , Freese to third . Turner walked , Freese scored , Muncy to second , Pederson to third . Melancon pitching for Giants . Turner to second on runner 's fielder 's choice , Muncy to third on runner 's fielder 's choice , Pederson out at home on runner 's fielder 's choice . Bellinger intentionally walked . Seager doubled to center , Muncy scored and Turner scored , Bellinger to third . Verdugo grounded out to second . Hernández grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Taylor in left field . Muncy at second base . Kelly pitching for Dodgers . Freese at first base . Garcia struck out swinging . Solano struck out , Solano to first on wild pitch by Kelly . Panik struck out looking . Yastrzemski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Martin singled to center . Freese struck out swinging . Taylor struck out looking . Muncy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . García pitching for Dodgers . Belt struck out swinging . Longoria struck out looking . Austin grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 7 - Giants 2 .	Seager makes Giants ' strategy backfire in Dodgers ' 7 - 2 win