Cardinals - Top 1st . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Edman singled to center . Martínez reached on infield single to pitcher , Edman to second . DeJong struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third , Edman scored , Martínez to second . O'Neill flied out to right , Martínez to third . Fowler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Belt singled to deep center . Yastrzemski struck out looking . Posey singled to right , Belt to second . Dickerson hit by pitch , Posey to second , Belt to third . Sandoval hit sacrifice fly to left , Belt scored . Crawford struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Bumgarner pitching for Giants . Wieters flied out to center . Wong singled to center . Mikolas sacrificed to pitcher , Wong to second . Edman fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Pillar singled to center . Panik flied out to right , Pillar to second . Bumgarner struck out swinging . Belt struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Dyson pitching for Giants . Martínez struck out looking . DeJong flied out to center . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Yastrzemski grounded out to shortstop . Posey struck out looking . Dickerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Dyson pitching for Giants . O'Neill grounded out to shortstop . Fowler singled to center . Wieters grounded into double play , shortstop to third to first , Fowler out at second in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Mikolas pitching for Cardinals . Sandoval singled to left . Crawford struck out looking . Pillar singled to right center , Sandoval to second . Panik safe at first on error by left fielder O'Neill , Pillar safe at second on error by left fielder O'Neill , Sandoval safe at third on error by left fielder O'Neill . Slater hit for Dyson . Slater homered to right ( 336 feet ) , Sandoval scored , Pillar scored and Panik scored . Belt grounded out to first . Yastrzemski popped out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Moronta pitching for Giants . Wong hit by pitch . Ravelo hit for Mikolas . Ravelo struck out looking . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Posey lined out to right . Dickerson flied out to right . Sandoval struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Moronta pitching for Giants . DeJong struck out swinging . Goldschmidt fouled out to first . O'Neill safe at first on error by catcher Posey . Fowler singled to center , O'Neill to second . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Ponce de Leon pitching for Cardinals . Crawford struck out swinging . Pillar lined out to right . Panik singled to left . Austin hit for Moronta . Austin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Melancon pitching for Giants . Wong grounded out to shortstop . Bader hit for Ponce de Leon . Bader grounded out to shortstop . Edman lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Cardinals . Belt struck out swinging . Yastrzemski singled to left . Posey struck out swinging , Yastrzemski stole second . Dickerson tripled to deep right center , Yastrzemski scored . Sandoval homered to left center ( 390 feet ) , Dickerson scored . Crawford singled to right . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Pillar struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Watson pitching for Giants . Martínez reached on infield single to third . DeJong hit by pitch , Martínez to second . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 338 feet ) , Martínez scored and DeJong scored . O'Neill singled to left . Fowler flied out to center . Wieters flied out to center . Muñoz hit for Wong . Muñoz flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Edman at second base . Muñoz at third base . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Panik flied out to right . Longoria hit for Watson . Longoria lined out to right . Belt walked . Yastrzemski fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Smith pitching for Giants . Molina hit for Brebbia . Molina singled to right . Edman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Molina out at second . Martínez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Edman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Giants 8 .	Giants overcome injury to Bumgarner , beat Cardinals 8 - 4