Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Beede pitching for Giants . Dyson grounded out to second . Marte singled to center . Escobar popped out to shortstop . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Solano safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Ahmed . Slater grounded out to second , Solano to third . Posey grounded out to shortstop , Solano scored . Longoria singled to center . Pillar popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Beede pitching for Giants . Flores singled to right center . Rojas singled to right center , Flores to third . Ahmed grounded into double play , third to second to first , Flores scored , Rojas out at second . Kelly flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Avelino struck out swinging . Belt flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Beede pitching for Giants . Young struck out looking . Dyson flied out to left . Marte grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Beede struck out swinging . Solano grounded out to shortstop . Slater walked . Posey grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Beede pitching for Giants . Escobar struck out swinging . Walker flied out to right . Flores singled to right center . Rojas grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria grounded out to second . Pillar fouled out to third . Avelino walked . Belt lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Beede pitching for Giants . Ahmed lined out to pitcher . Kelly struck out looking . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Crawford singled to deep right . Beede struck out swinging . Solano lined out to first , Crawford to second . Slater safe at first on error by third baseman Escobar , Crawford safe at third on error by third baseman Escobar . Posey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Beede pitching for Giants . Dyson grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Escobar safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria . Walker singled to center , Escobar to third . Escobar scored on Beede wild pitch , Walker to second on wild pitch by Beede . Flores singled to left , Walker scored , Flores to second . Abad pitching for Giants . Rojas grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Bottom 6th . Young pitching for Diamondbacks . Longoria flied out to right . Pillar singled to center . Pillar to second on passed ball by Kelly . Avelino singled to center , Pillar scored . McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks . Belt singled to left , Avelino to second . Crawford singled to right , Belt to second , Avelino thrown out at home . Dickerson hit for Abad . Dickerson walked , Crawford to second , Belt to third . Dyson in left field . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Locastro in right field . Solano struck out looking . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Gott pitching for Giants . Dickerson in left field . Ahmed struck out swinging . Kelly walked . Kelly to second on wild pitch by Gott . Locastro reached on infield single to third , Kelly to second . Dyson lined out to center . Marte walked , Locastro to second , Kelly to third . Anderson pitching for Giants . Escobar singled to center , Kelly scored and Locastro scored , Marte to third . Walker flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Slater struck out swinging . Posey grounded out to third . Longoria singled to left . Pillar struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Anderson pitching for Giants . Flores flied out to left . Jones hit for Andriese . Jones homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Ahmed flied out to left . Kelly singled to center . Locastro popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Dyson in center field . Marte at second base . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones in right field . Locastro in left field . Anderson struck out swinging . Belt grounded out to first . Crawford singled to center . Dickerson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Anderson pitching for Giants . Dyson popped out to third . Marte grounded out to first . Escobar singled to shallow right . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 9th . Gennett hit for Solano . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Gennett struck out , Gennett to first on wild pitch by López . Vogt hit for Slater . Vogt grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Gennett safe at second on error by second baseman Marte . Posey flied out to center , Gennett to third . Longoria hit sacrifice fly to center , Gennett scored . Pillar doubled to left center , Vogt scored . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Yastrzemski hit for Anderson . Yastrzemski struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Giants 4 .	Dyson 's defense helps Diamondbacks hold off Giants , 6 - 4