Blue Jays - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Travis flied out to right. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Bautista flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis grounded out to second. Ramírez lined out to left. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Encarnación grounded out to third. Martin lined out to center. Pillar grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Santana reached on bunt single to third. Moss flied out to right. Murphy singled to left, Santana to second. Chisenhall popped into double play, pitcher to shortstop, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Saunders walked. Goins walked, Saunders to second. Carrera sacrificed to third, Saunders to third, Goins to second. Travis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Saunders out at home, Goins to third. Donaldson walked, Travis to second. Bautista struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Hayes grounded out to third. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Kipnis homered to right center (404 feet). Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Encarnación reached on infield single to third. Martin bunted into fielder's choice to third, Encarnación out at second. Pillar hit by pitch, Martin to second. Saunders singled to left, Martin scored, Pillar to third. Goins grounded into fielder's choice to first, Saunders to second. Carrera reached on infield single to pitcher, Pillar scored, Saunders to third, Goins to second. Travis homered to center (413 feet), Saunders, Goins and Carrera scored. Donaldson flied out to right. Bautista doubled to left center. Bautista to third on wild pitch by Bauer. Encarnación popped out to third. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley doubled to deep right. Santana singled to left center, Brantley to third. Moss hit sacrifice fly to left, Brantley scored. Murphy grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Martin reached on infield single to third. Pillar flied out to right. Saunders singled to right, Martin to second. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Goins grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Saunders out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Hutchison pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall hit ground rule double to right. Hayes struck out swinging. Bourn walked. Kipnis singled to left center, Chisenhall scored, Bourn to third. Ramírez doubled to deep center, Bourn scored, Kipnis to third. Francis pitching for Blue Jays. Brantley singled to center, Kipnis and Ramírez scored, Brantley to second advancing on throw. Santana walked. Moss flied out to left. Raburn hit for Murphy. Raburn doubled to left, Brantley and Santana scored. Chisenhall walked. Castro pitching for Blue Jays. Hayes struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Carrera struck out swinging. Shaw pitching for Indians. Travis struck out swinging. Donaldson walked. Bautista flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Castro pitching for Blue Jays. Bourn grounded out to second. Kipnis singled to left. Ramírez singled to left center, Kipnis to second. Kipnis to third, Ramírez to second on balk by Castro. Brantley intentionally walked. Santana walked, Kipnis scored, Ramírez to third, Brantley to second. Moss hit sacrifice fly to center, Ramírez scored, Brantley to third. Raburn struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Encarnación struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to third. Pillar lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Copeland pitching for Blue Jays. Chisenhall grounded out to first. Hayes popped out to shortstop. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Saunders struck out looking. Goins singled to center. Carrera reached on infield single to first, Goins to second. Atchison pitching for Indians. Travis struck out swinging. Donaldson lined out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Copeland pitching for Blue Jays. Kipnis doubled to left center. Ramírez sacrificed to pitcher, Kipnis to third. Brantley walked. Santana walked, Brantley to second. Moss grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Kipnis out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Allen pitching for Indians. Bautista popped out to first. Encarnación struck out swinging. Martin homered to left center (429 feet). Pillar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 7 - Indians 10.	Raburn, Kipnis spark Indians over Blue Jays 10-7