Twins - Top 1st. Bauer pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to left. Hunter doubled to deep center. Mauer singled to left, Hunter scored, Mauer out stretching at second. Plouffe grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Kipnis singled to right. Santana grounded out to first, Kipnis to second. Brantley grounded out to pitcher. Moss grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Suzuki doubled to deep center. Vargas grounded out to first, Suzuki to third. Rosario singled to right, Suzuki scored. Schafer struck out looking, Rosario stole second. Santana grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Swisher singled to right center. Bourn walked, Swisher to second. Hayes popped out to first. Ramírez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Bauer pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to left. Hunter singled to center, Hunter out stretching at second. Mauer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Kipnis walked. Santana doubled to deep center, Kipnis scored. Brantley grounded out to shortstop, Santana to third. Moss flied out to center. Chisenhall singled to shallow left, Santana scored. Swisher grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Plouffe doubled to deep center. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop, Plouffe to third. Vargas singled to shallow center, Plouffe scored. Rosario struck out swinging. Schafer struck out swinging, Schafer safe at first on wild pitch by Bauer, Vargas to second. Santana lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Bourn flied out to center. Hayes reached on infield single to shortstop. Ramírez flied out to left. Kipnis lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Dozier flied out to center. Hunter homered to left (391 feet). Mauer popped out to shortstop. Plouffe struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Santana popped out to second. Brantley grounded out to first. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Bauer pitching for Indians. Suzuki doubled to deep center. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Vargas singled to right, Suzuki to third. Rosario struck out swinging. Schafer sacrificed to second, Suzuki scored, Vargas to second, Schafer safe at first on error by first baseman Santana. Santana walked, Vargas to third, Schafer to second. McAllister pitching for Indians. Dozier struck out swinging. Hunter doubled to deep center, Vargas, Schafer and Santana scored. Mauer grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. Swisher grounded out to shortstop. Bourn singled to center. Hayes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Indians. Plouffe grounded out to pitcher. Suzuki grounded out to first. Vargas struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Pelfrey pitching for Twins. Ramírez bunt grounded out to pitcher. Kipnis lined out to center. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Swarzak pitching for Indians. Rosario struck out swinging. Schafer grounded out to shortstop. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Tonkin pitching for Twins. Brantley homered to right center (412 feet). Moss flied out to center. Chisenhall fouled out to third. Swisher grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Indians. Dozier doubled to deep left. Hunter walked. Mauer grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hunter out at second, Dozier to third. Dozier scored on Webb's wild pitch. Plouffe walked. Suzuki singled to left center, Plouffe to third, Suzuki to second advancing on throw. Vargas flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Graham pitching for Twins. Bourn walked. Murphy hit for Hayes. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bourn out at second. Walters hit for Ramírez. Walters struck out looking. Murphy to second on fielder's indifference. Kipnis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 9 - Indians 3.	Hunter goes 4-for-4, drives in 4 as Twins roll Indians 9-3