Braves - Top 1st. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Prado doubled to deep right center. Infante grounded out to shortstop, Prado to third. Heyward popped out to shortstop. McCann walked. Glaus singled to center, Prado scored, McCann to second. Hinske popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Medlen pitching for Braves. Furcal grounded out to first. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Ethier hit ground rule double to deep left. Ramirez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Escobar popped out to second. McLouth popped out to first. Medlen walked. Prado grounded into fielder's choice to third, Medlen out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Medlen pitching for Braves. Loney struck out swinging. Martin struck out looking. DeWitt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Infante flied out to center. Heyward flied out to center. McCann flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Medlen pitching for Braves. Carroll safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Escobar. Carroll picked off first. Kuroda grounded out to catcher. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 4th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Glaus homered to left (371 feet). Hinske singled to right. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hinske out at second, Escobar to second on error by pitcher Kuroda. McLouth doubled to right, Escobar scored. Medlen struck out swinging. Prado grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Kemp struck out swinging. Ethier singled to right. Ramirez lined into double play, shortstop to first, Ethier doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Infante grounded out to shortstop. Heyward walked. McCann struck out swinging. Heyward caught stealing second, catcher to second. Glaus batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Loney singled to shallow left. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to second, Loney out at second. DeWitt grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Glaus flied out to left. Hinske walked. Escobar singled to center, Hinske to third. McLouth bunt popped out foul to catcher. Medlen doubled to left, Hinske scored, Escobar to third. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Carroll flied out to right. Anderson hit for Kuroda. Anderson flied out to left. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Weaver pitching for Dodgers. Miller pitching for Dodgers. Infante grounded out to third. Heyward hit by pitch. McCann walked, Heyward to second. Glaus grounded into double play, third to second to first, McCann out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Kemp grounded out to third. Ethier flied out to left. Ramirez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Miller pitching for Dodgers. Hinske struck out swinging. Escobar doubled to deep center. McLouth grounded out to second, Escobar to third. Medlen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Blanco in left field. Medlen pitching for Braves. Loney reached on infield single to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. DeWitt reached on infield single to third, Loney to second. Carroll singled to left, Loney to third, DeWitt to second. Belliard hit for Miller. Moylan pitching for Braves. Belliard singled to right, Loney scored, DeWitt to third, Carroll to second, DeWitt scored, Carroll to third, Belliard to second on throwing error by right fielder Heyward. Furcal grounded out to second, Carroll scored, Belliard to third. Kemp walked. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Ethier struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Prado walked. Infante struck out bunting foul. Heyward grounded out to second, Prado to second. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 9th. Saito pitching for Braves. Ramirez popped out to second. Loney flied out to center. Martin struck out swinging. Venters pitching for Braves. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Dodgers 3.	Glaus homers as Braves run streak to nine \n\n