Braves - Top 1st. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado struck out swinging. Infante flied out to right. Heyward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Johnson singled to right. Jackson singled to center, Johnson to third. Drew singled to left, Johnson scored, Jackson to second. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Drew out at second, Jackson to third. LaRoche grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Jackson scored, Upton out at second. Reynolds grounded into fielder's choice to third, LaRoche out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann flied out to center. Glaus doubled to deep center. Hinske walked. Escobar struck out swinging. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Young grounded out to shortstop. Snyder struck out swinging. Haren singled to right. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Lowe flied out to right. Prado singled to shallow right. Prado to second on passed ball by Snyder. Infante singled to right, Prado to third. Heyward grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Jackson grounded out to second. Drew struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. McCann singled to right. Glaus singled to right center, McCann to second. Hinske fouled out to third. Escobar walked, McCann to third, Glaus to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann scored, Escobar out at second, Glaus to third. Lowe flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. LaRoche grounded out to second. Reynolds homered to left center (436 feet). Young singled to left. Young stole second. Snyder walked. Haren flied out to right. Johnson walked, Young to third, Snyder to second. Jackson reached on infield single to shortstop, Young scored, Snyder to third, Johnson to second. Drew tripled to deep right, Snyder, Johnson and Jackson scored. Upton grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado struck out swinging. Infante singled to center. Heyward lined out to right. McCann grounded into fielder's choice to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Ross catching. LaRoche lined out to right. Reynolds struck out swinging. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Haren pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus struck out looking. Hinske hit ground rule double to deep right. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center, Hinske scored, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Ross doubled to deep left, Cabrera scored. Vasquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Snyder grounded out to catcher. Vasquez struck out swinging. Johnson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Vásquez pitching for Diamondbacks. Infante fouled out to first. Heyward struck out looking. McLouth hit for Martinez. McLouth lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Kimbrel pitching for Braves. Jackson walked. Jackson stole second. Drew struck out looking. Upton walked. LaRoche struck out looking. Reynolds flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus grounded out to third. Hinske singled to right. Escobar walked, Hinske to second. Cabrera singled to left, Hinske to third, Escobar to second. Heilman pitching for Diamondbacks. Ross hit by pitch, Hinske scored, Escobar to third, Cabrera to second. Prado flied out to right. Infante grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Wagner pitching for Braves. Young struck out swinging. Snyder struck out looking. Ryal hit for Heilman. Ryal singled to left. Johnson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward walked. Conrad hit for Wagner. Heyward to second on wild pitch by Qualls. Conrad grounded out to catcher. Glaus walked. Hinske walked, Heyward to third, Glaus to second. Blanco ran for Hinske. Escobar grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Blanco out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 4 - Diamondbacks 7.	Drew, Reynolds power D-backs past Braves