Braves - Top 1st. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Prado walked. Heyward flied out to center. Prado to second on balk by Willis. Jones walked. Glaus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Hanson pitching for Braves. Johnson struck out swinging. Jackson grounded out to first. Drew walked. Upton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 2nd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar walked. Infante flied out to right. Escobar stole second. Ross lined out to right. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Hanson pitching for Braves. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds grounded out to first. Parra flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Hanson struck out swinging. Prado singled to left. Prado to second on balk by Willis. Heyward popped out to second. Jones grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Hanson pitching for Braves. Hester singled to center. Willis sacrificed to pitcher, Hester to second. Johnson walked. Jackson doubled to left, Hester scored, Johnson to third. Drew struck out swinging, Drew safe at first on wild pitch by Hanson, Johnson scored, Jackson to third. Upton struck out looking. LaRoche grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Willis pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus walked. Escobar walked, Glaus to second. Glaus to third, Escobar to second on wild pitch by Willis. Infante hit sacrifice fly to right, Glaus scored, Escobar to third. Ross singled to left, Escobar scored. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Ross to third. Hanson grounded out to pitcher. Prado walked. Heyward struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Reynolds struck out looking. Parra flied out to center. Hester struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Valdez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones reached on infield single to pitcher. Glaus struck out swinging. Escobar singled to left, Jones to second. Infante flied out to left. Ross hit ground rule double to deep right center, Jones scored, Escobar to third. Cabrera intentionally walked. Hanson singled to center, Escobar and Ross scored, Cabrera to second. Prado reached on infield single to third, Cabrera to third, Hanson to second. Heyward singled to right, Cabrera scored, Hanson to third, Prado to second. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Young in center field. Jones walked, Hanson scored, Prado to third, Heyward to second. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Young struck out swinging. Johnson struck out swinging. Jackson singled to right center. Drew grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. Boyer pitching for Diamondbacks. Escobar walked. Infante lined out to center. Ross grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Escobar out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Hanson pitching for Braves. Upton singled to left center. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds hit by pitch, Upton to second. Roberts hit for Boyer. Martinez pitching for Braves. Roberts flied out to right. Hester struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Cabrera out at second. Prado struck out swinging. Heyward flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Braves. Young homered to left (391 feet). Johnson reached on infield single to second. Jackson grounded out to second, Johnson to second. Johnson to third on wild pitch by Martinez. Drew grounded out to shortstop, Johnson scored. Upton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Jones grounded out to pitcher. Glaus doubled to deep left. Escobar flied out to center. Infante flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Venters pitching for Braves. Infante at third base. Blanco in left field. LaRoche struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Ryal hit for Gutierrez. Ryal grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Reynolds safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Venters. Hester struck out swinging. Young walked, Reynolds to third, Ryal to second. Johnson doubled to right, Reynolds, Ryal and Young scored. Moylan pitching for Braves. Jackson flied out to center. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 9th. Qualls pitching for Diamondbacks. Ryal in left field. Conrad hit for Ross. Conrad singled to right center. Cabrera struck out swinging. McCann hit for Blanco. Conrad stole second. McCann singled to right, Conrad scored, McCann to second advancing on throw. Prado singled to center, McCann to third. Heyward singled to left, McCann scored, Prado to second. Hinske hit for Moylan. Hinske singled to right, Prado scored, Heyward to third. Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Glaus hit sacrifice fly to right, Heyward scored. Escobar lined out to right. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Braves. Infante in left field. Conrad at third base. McCann catching. Drew grounded out to third. Upton singled to center. Upton to second on fielder's indifference. LaRoche walked. Reynolds walked, Upton to third, LaRoche to second. Ryal struck out swinging. Snyder hit for Hester. Snyder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 11 - Diamondbacks 7.	Conrad helps Braves recover, get past D-backs