Royals - Top 1st. Medlen pitching for Braves. Podsednik popped out to shortstop. Kendall grounded out to shortstop. DeJesus doubled to deep right center. Butler grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Greinke pitching for Royals. Prado singled to right center. Heyward grounded out to shortstop, Prado to second. Jones singled to left, Prado scored, Jones to second advancing on throw. Jones to third on passed ball by Kendall. McCann grounded out to second. Glaus safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt, Jones scored. Hinske struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Medlen pitching for Braves. Guillen struck out swinging. Callaspo singled to left. Aviles struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Callaspo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Escobar flied out to right. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher. Medlen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Medlen pitching for Braves. Greinke struck out swinging. Podsednik struck out swinging. Kendall grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Greinke pitching for Royals. Prado grounded out to second. Heyward grounded out to second. Jones struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Medlen pitching for Braves. DeJesus flied out to center. Butler flied out to center. Guillen walked. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Greinke pitching for Royals. McCann homered to right (404 feet). Glaus grounded out to pitcher. Hinske grounded out to pitcher. Escobar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Medlen pitching for Braves. Aviles walked. Betancourt safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar, Aviles to third. Greinke sacrificed into fielder's choice to first, Betancourt to second. Podsednik hit sacrifice fly to left, Aviles scored, Betancourt to third. Kendall grounded into fielder's choice to third, Betancourt scored, Greinke out at second. Kendall caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. DeJesus batting. 2 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to center. Medlen bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Cabrera out at second. Prado grounded into double play, third to second to first, Medlen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Medlen pitching for Braves. DeJesus doubled to deep center. Butler flied out to right, DeJesus to third. Guillen struck out looking. Callaspo grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Heyward singled to left. Jones singled to center, Heyward to second. McCann struck out swinging. Glaus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heyward scored, Jones out at second. Hinske grounded into fielder's choice to second, Glaus out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Blanco in center field. Cabrera in left field. Medlen pitching for Braves. Aviles singled to left. Betancourt doubled to deep left, Aviles to third. Greinke grounded out to third. O'Flaherty pitching for Braves. Podsednik grounded out to third, Aviles scored, Betancourt to third. Kendall singled to center, Betancourt scored. DeJesus singled to left, Kendall to second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Butler grounded into fielder's choice to third, DeJesus out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Greinke pitching for Royals. Escobar grounded out to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Conrad hit for Moylan. Conrad fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 8th. Venters pitching for Braves. Guillen singled to right. Callaspo grounded out to first, Guillen to second. Aviles grounded out to catcher, Guillen to third. Betancourt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Wood pitching for Royals. Prado hit ground rule double to deep center. Heyward grounded out to second, Prado to third. Jones struck out looking. McCann flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Wagner pitching for Braves. Bloomquist hit for Wood. Bloomquist popped out to shortstop. Podsednik reached on infield single to shortstop. Kendall grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Podsednik out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Tejeda pitching for Royals. Glaus homered to left (375 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 4 - Braves 5.	Braves run home win streak to 13 of last 14