Brewers - Top 1st. Lowe pitching for Braves. Weeks homered to center (423 feet). Hart struck out swinging. Braun reached on infield single to shortstop. Fielder flied out to center. Braun caught stealing second, catcher to second. McGehee batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Parra pitching for Brewers. Prado flied out to center. Heyward grounded out to second. Infante grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Lowe pitching for Braves. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. Counsell walked. Gomez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Counsell out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Glaus singled to deep right. McCann singled to right, Glaus to third. Diaz doubled to center, Glaus scored, McCann to third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCann out at home, Diaz to third. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Diaz scored, Gonzalez to second. Lowe struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Lowe pitching for Braves. Kottaras struck out swinging. Parra singled to center. Weeks struck out swinging. Hart singled to center, Parra to second. Braun struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Parra pitching for Brewers. Prado walked. Heyward singled to center, Prado to third. Infante singled to center, Prado scored, Heyward to second. Glaus walked, Heyward to third, Infante to second. McCann homered to right (368 feet), Heyward, Infante and Glaus scored. Diaz lined out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Fielder struck out looking. McGehee grounded out to third. Counsell grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Lowe singled to center. Prado flied out to right. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lowe out at second. Infante singled to center, Heyward to second. Glaus popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Gomez grounded out to third. Kottaras flied out to right. Parra grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Parra pitching for Brewers. McCann struck out swinging. Diaz homered to left (432 feet). Gonzalez flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Braves. Weeks homered to center (429 feet). Hart flied out to right. Braun reached on infield single to third, Braun to second on throwing error by third baseman Infante. Fielder singled to right center, Braun scored. McGehee singled to right, Fielder to second. Dunn pitching for Braves. Counsell singled to center, Fielder to third, McGehee to second. Gomez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Counsell out at second. 2 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 6th. Parra pitching for Brewers. Dunn struck out looking. Prado reached on infield single to pitcher. Heyward hit by pitch, Prado to second. Riske pitching for Brewers. Cain in center field. Infante singled to center, Prado scored, Heyward to second. Glaus hit by pitch, Heyward to third, Infante to second. McCann walked, Heyward scored, Infante to third, Glaus to second. Diaz singled to center, Infante scored, Glaus to third, McCann to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Dunn pitching for Braves. Kottaras walked. Cain singled to left, Kottaras to second. Moylan pitching for Braves. Weeks walked, Kottaras to third, Cain to second. Hart struck out swinging. Braun grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Weeks out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Hinske hit for Moylan. Riske pitching for Brewers. Hinske grounded out to shortstop. Prado grounded out to second. Heyward grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Chavez pitching for Braves. Fielder homered to left center (407 feet). McGehee flied out to right. Counsell grounded out to first. Inglett hit for Riske. Inglett walked. Kottaras grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Hoffman pitching for Brewers. Infante singled to right center. Glaus flied out to center. McCann grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Infante out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Chavez pitching for Braves. Cain doubled to deep left. Weeks singled to left, Cain to third. Hart hit sacrifice fly to center, Cain scored. Braun doubled to left, Weeks scored. Wagner pitching for Braves. Fielder struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Braves 11.	McCann's grand slam leads Braves by Brewers