Marlins - Top 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Coghlan struck out swinging. Ramirez popped out to second. Morrison struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Furcal grounded out to third. Blake struck out swinging. Ethier doubled to deep right center. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Sanchez struck out swinging. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Helms at third base. Bonifacio at shortstop. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Sands flied out to center. Gibbons singled to right. Navarro lined out to third. Carroll grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Infante singled to left center. Bonifacio grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Infante out at second. Nolasco sacrificed to first, Bonifacio to second. Coghlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Kershaw singled to shallow left center. Furcal homered to right (368 feet), Kershaw scored. Blake lined out to left. Ethier singled to right. Kemp singled to left, Ethier to second. Sands popped out to second. Gibbons singled to left, Ethier scored, Kemp to third. Navarro singled to center, Kemp scored, Gibbons to second. Carroll struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Helms struck out looking. Morrison flied out to left. Sanchez walked. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Kershaw singled to right. Furcal singled to right, Kershaw to third, Furcal to second on throwing error by right fielder Stanton. Blake struck out swinging. Ethier intentionally walked. Kemp grounded into double play, third to first, Furcal out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Gwynn in center field. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Buck popped out to first. Infante grounded out to pitcher. Bonifacio struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Sands struck out swinging. Gibbons singled to right. Navarro doubled to right, Gibbons to third. Carroll intentionally walked. Kershaw grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gibbons scored, Carroll out at second, Navarro to third. Furcal singled to shallow right center, Navarro scored, Kershaw to third, Furcal to second advancing on throw. Blake singled to center, Kershaw and Furcal scored. Ethier singled to right, Blake to second. Gwynn grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Cousins hit for Nolasco. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Cousins struck out swinging. Coghlan struck out looking. Helms popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Cousins in center field. Sands struck out swinging. Gibbons grounded out to pitcher. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Morrison doubled to deep left. Sanchez safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Stanton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morrison out at third, Sanchez to second. Buck grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stanton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. Kershaw grounded out to shortstop. Furcal grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Sands in left field. Loney at first base. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Infante popped out to first. Bonifacio grounded out to second. Cousins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Blake singled to left. Ethier walked, Blake to second. Gwynn reached on infield single to pitcher, Blake to third, Ethier to second. Sands grounded into fielder's choice to first, Blake out at home, Ethier to third, Gwynn to second. Loney lined out to right. Navarro lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Hayes hit for Cishek. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Hayes flied out to center. Helms flied out to right. Morrison grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 0 - Dodgers 8.	Kershaw deals two-hit shutout to boost Dodgers