Dodgers - Top 1st. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gordon struck out swinging. Blake grounded out to third. Ethier reached on infield single to second. Kemp struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Nelson singled to center. Helton popped out to shortstop. Tulowitzki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Uribe struck out swinging. Loney singled to right. Navarro walked, Loney to second. Gwynn lined out to left. Kershaw grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Wigginton walked. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Blackmon grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wigginton out at second. Morales grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blackmon out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gordon struck out swinging. Blake flied out to center. Ethier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Nicasio struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Nelson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Kemp homered to center (422 feet). Uribe grounded out to first. Loney grounded out to pitcher. Navarro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Helton singled to center. Tulowitzki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Nicasio pitching for Rockies. Gwynn grounded out to first. Kershaw singled to center. Gordon singled to left, Kershaw to second. Blake grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second, Kershaw to third. Ethier singled to center, Kershaw scored, Blake to second. Kemp tripled to deep right, Blake and Ethier scored. Uribe grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Spilborghs flied out to center. Blackmon grounded out to second. Morales struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Brothers pitching for Rockies. Loney flied out to center. Navarro struck out swinging. Gwynn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Young Jr. hit for Brothers. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Young Jr. grounded out to second. Gonzalez singled to right center. Nelson reached on infield single to third, Gonzalez to second. Helton walked, Gonzalez to third, Nelson to second. Tulowitzki doubled to left, Gonzalez and Nelson scored, Helton to third. Wigginton grounded out to first, Helton scored, Tulowitzki to third. Spilborghs struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Young Jr. in right field. Kershaw singled to center. Gordon reached on bunt single to catcher, Kershaw to third, Kershaw scored, Gordon to second on throwing error by catcher Morales. Blake doubled to deep right center, Gordon scored. Blake to third on wild pitch by Reynolds. Ethier hit sacrifice fly to left, Blake scored. Kemp doubled to deep left. Uribe intentionally walked. Loney flied out to right. Navarro grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon singled to right. Morales singled to center, Blackmon to second. Young Jr. walked, Blackmon to third, Morales to second. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez singled to right, Blackmon scored, Morales to third, Young Jr. to second. Nelson struck out swinging. Helton walked, Morales scored, Young Jr. to third, Gonzalez to second. MacDougal pitching for Dodgers. Tulowitzki singled to right, Young Jr. and Gonzalez scored, Helton to third. Wigginton hit by pitch, Tulowitzki to second. Giambi hit for Reynolds. Giambi walked, Helton scored, Tulowitzki to third, Wigginton to second. Cook ran for Giambi. Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers. Blackmon fouled out to third. Morales grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Smith in right field. Gwynn flied out to center. Carroll hit for Hawksworth. Carroll flied out to center. Gordon lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Carroll at shortstop. Smith singled to center. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Smith to third. Nelson hit sacrifice fly to right, Smith scored, Gonzalez to third. Helton intentionally walked. Tulowitzki popped out to second. Wigginton popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Rockies. Herrera at second base. Blake grounded out to shortstop. Ethier doubled to deep right. Kemp struck out swinging. Barajas hit for Uribe. Barajas flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Rockies 9.	Tulowitzki's 4 RBIs rally Rockies past Dodgers