Dodgers - Top 1st. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Gordon doubled to center. Loney flied out to center. Kemp grounded out to shortstop, Gordon to third. Rivera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Desmond struck out swinging. Werth walked. Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop, Werth to second. Morse struck out swinging. Gomes walked, Werth to third, Zimmerman to second. Espinosa struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Ethier struck out swinging. Miles struck out swinging. Barajas flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Marrero doubled to deep right center. Ramos doubled to deep right, Marrero scored. Strasburg sacrificed to catcher, Ramos to third, Strasburg safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Lilly. Ramos scored on throwing error by pitcher Lilly. Desmond singled to right, Strasburg to third. Werth grounded out to shortstop, Strasburg scored, Desmond to second. Zimmerman struck out swinging, Desmond stole third. Morse struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Sellers flied out to center. Lilly grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Gomes struck out swinging. Espinosa struck out swinging. Marrero fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Loney lined out to right. Kemp struck out swinging. Rivera singled to center. Ethier struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Ramos walked. Strasburg struck out swinging. Desmond grounded out to third, Ramos to second. Werth flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Strasburg pitching for Nationals. Miles flied out to left. Barajas grounded out to shortstop. Sellers fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Lilly pitching for Dodgers. Zimmerman struck out looking. Morse fouled out to right. Gomes flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Slaten pitching for Nationals. Carroll hit for Lilly. Carroll singled to left center. Gordon reached on infield single to shortstop, Carroll to second. Loney struck out looking. Peacock pitching for Nationals. Ankiel in right field. Kemp singled to shallow left center, Carroll scored, Gordon to second. Rivera walked, Gordon to third, Kemp to second. Ethier singled to center, Gordon and Kemp scored, Rivera to second. Miles singled to right, Rivera to third, Ethier to second. Barajas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Miles out at second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Espinosa struck out swinging. Marrero singled to left. Ramos struck out swinging. Kuo pitching for Dodgers. Ankiel struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Peacock pitching for Nationals. Sellers grounded out to shortstop. Oeltjen hit for Kuo. Oeltjen flied out to right. Gordon reached on infield single to third. Severino pitching for Nationals. Gordon stole second. Loney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Desmond struck out looking. Werth hit by pitch. Zimmerman struck out swinging. Morse struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Rodriguez pitching for Nationals. Kemp popped out to second. Rivera singled to right. Gwynn ran for Rivera. Gwynn stole second. Ethier grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gwynn out at third. Miles singled to left, Ethier to second. Barajas doubled to deep left, Ethier and Miles scored. Sellers popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Gwynn in left field. MacDougal pitching for Dodgers. Lombardozzi hit for Rodriguez. Lombardozzi walked. Lombardozzi to second on wild pitch by MacDougal. Espinosa grounded out to second, Lombardozzi to third. Marrero lined out to second. Ramos grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Maya pitching for Nationals. Velez hit for MacDougal. Velez grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to second. Loney doubled to deep center. Kemp intentionally walked. Gwynn walked, Loney to third, Kemp to second. Ethier doubled to deep right center, Loney and Kemp scored, Gwynn thrown out at home. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Ankiel reached on infield single to shortstop. Desmond walked, Ankiel to second. Werth struck out looking. Zimmerman singled to right, Ankiel to third, Desmond to second. Morse struck out looking. Brown hit for Maya. Brown flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 7 - Nationals 3.	Nats' Strasburg sharp in return