Dodgers - Top 1st. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon grounded out to second. Sands struck out looking. Kemp flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist grounded out to first. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Upton popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Rivera grounded out to second. Loney popped out to third. Miles popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Montero struck out swinging. Young lined out to shortstop. Overbay lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Barajas popped out to shortstop. Carroll singled to left. Kuroda sacrificed to pitcher, Carroll to second. Gordon flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Blum singled to right center. Roberts popped out to shortstop. Parker struck out bunting foul. Bloomquist reached on infield single to third, Blum to second. Parra flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Sands grounded out to second. Kemp doubled to deep center. Rivera grounded out to shortstop, Kemp to third. Loney fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Upton struck out looking. Montero flied out to left. Young reached on infield single to shortstop. Overbay singled to right, Young to second. Blum grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles grounded out to second. Barajas flied out to right. Carroll singled to left. Kuroda flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Roberts struck out swinging. Parker doubled to right. Bloomquist flied into double play, right to shortstop, Parker doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Parker pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon reached on bunt single to third. Sands sacrificed to third, Gordon to second. Kemp flied out to right, Gordon to third. Rivera walked. Paterson pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Kuroda pitching for Dodgers. Parra flied out to left. Upton struck out swinging. Montero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Cook pitching for Diamondbacks. Miles fouled out to left. Barajas singled to left. Carroll walked, Barajas to second. Velez ran for Barajas. Gwynn hit for Kuroda. Castillo pitching for Diamondbacks. Gwynn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carroll out at second, Velez to third. Gordon singled to left center, Velez scored, Gwynn to third, Gordon out stretching at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Ellis catching. Guerrier pitching for Dodgers. Young walked. Overbay doubled to deep center, Young scored. Elbert pitching for Dodgers. Hill hit for Blum. Hill walked. MacDougal pitching for Dodgers. Cowgill ran for Overbay. Roberts bunted into fielder's choice to first, Cowgill out at third, Hill to second. Goldschmidt hit for Castillo. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, third to second to first, Roberts out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks. Hill at second base. Roberts at third base. Goldschmidt at first base. Sands struck out swinging. Kemp grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Jansen pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist struck out swinging. Parra walked. Upton singled to left, Parra to second. Montero struck out swinging. Young struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Diamondbacks. Loney grounded out to shortstop. Miles flied out to left. Ellis singled to right. Carroll singled to left, Ellis to second. Oeltjen hit for Jansen. Oeltjen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Lindblom pitching for Dodgers. Burroughs hit for Putz. Burroughs singled to right. Hill fouled out to first. Roberts struck out swinging. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 10th. Owings pitching for Diamondbacks. Gordon doubled to right. Sands grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gordon scored, Sands to second on throwing error by pitcher Owings. Kemp singled to center, Sands scored, Kemp to second on error by center fielder Young. Rivera grounded out to second, Kemp to third. Loney singled to right, Kemp scored. Miles walked, Loney to second. Ellis tripled to deep right, Loney and Miles scored. Gillespie in right field. Carroll lined out to second. Sellers hit for Lindblom. Sellers struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th. Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. Parra grounded out to pitcher. Gillespie reached on infield single to first. Montero singled to center, Gillespie to third. Montero to second on fielder's indifference. Young walked. McDonald hit for Owings. McDonald safe at first on error by third baseman Miles, Gillespie scored, Montero to third, Young to second. Guerra pitching for Dodgers. Hill walked, Montero scored, Young to third, McDonald to second. Roberts homered to left (382 feet), Young, McDonald and Hill scored. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Dodgers 6 - Diamondbacks 7.	D-backs' walk-off grand slam stuns Dodgers