White Sox - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Vizquel singled to right . Beckham reached on infield single to third , Vizquel to second . Kotsay grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Beckham out at second , Vizquel to third . Konerko safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar , Vizquel scored . Jones grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to center . Prado singled to center , Cabrera to second . Jones grounded out to third , Cabrera to third , Prado to second . Glaus grounded out to shortstop , Cabrera scored . Escobar grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Teahen singled to center . Kroeger singled to center , Teahen thrown out at third , Kroeger to second advancing on throw . Lucy safe at first on error by pitcher Hudson . Danks walked , Kroeger to third , Lucy to second . Vizquel singled to center , Kroeger scored , Lucy to third , Danks to second , Lucy scored , Danks to third , Vizquel to second on throwing error by center fielder Cabrera . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay singled to center , Danks and Vizquel scored , Kotsay to second on error by catcher Ross . Konerko grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . Heyward struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Teahen grounded out to pitcher . Kroeger singled to right . Kroeger stole second . Lucy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Hinske struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . Prado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Young in center field . Conrad at second base . Hudson pitching for Braves . Danks struck out looking . Vizquel singled to left . Vizquel stole second . Beckham struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Retherford at second base . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jones flied out to center . Glaus walked . Freeman ran for Glaus . Escobar grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Infante at third base . Freeman at first base . Hicks at shortstop . Reyes pitching for Braves . Konerko walked . Castillo ran for Konerko . Jones singled to center , Castillo to second . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo to third , Jones safe at second on error by shortstop Hicks . Kroeger grounded out to first , Castillo scored , Jones to third , Teahen to second . Lucy singled to left , Jones scored , Teahen to third . Danks walked , Lucy to second . Vizquel doubled to deep left , Teahen and Lucy scored , Danks to third . Retherford doubled to deep left , Danks and Vizquel scored . Retherford to third on wild pitch by Reyes . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop , Retherford scored . Castillo flied out to left . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Castillo at first base . Nix at third base . Danks pitching for White Sox . Diaz walked . Mi Jones ran for Diaz . Heyward grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mi Jones out at second . Clevlen ran for Heyward . Ross grounded into double play , third to second to first , Clevlen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Mi Jones in left field . Clevlen in right field . Boscan catching . Proctor pitching for Braves . Colina hit for Jones . Colina struck out swinging . Nix struck out looking . Kroeger grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Colina in left field . Danks in center field . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Hinske struck out swinging . Young doubled to deep right . Conrad tripled to deep right center , Young scored . Conrad scored on Linebrink 's wild pitch . Infante walked . Freeman grounded out to first , Infante to second . Hicks flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Lucy flied out to center . Danks struck out swinging . Vizquel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Mi Jones fouled out to first . Clevlen grounded out to third . Boscan singled to center . Sammons hit for Hinske . Sammons flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Chavez pitching for Braves . Retherford flied out to right . Kotsay struck out swinging . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Threets pitching for White Sox . Young struck out looking . Conrad singled to center . Timmons ran for Conrad . Infante flied out to center . Timmons ran for Conrad . Infante flied out to center . Freeman singled to center , Timmons to second . Hicks grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freeman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Timmons at second base . Kimbrel pitching for Braves . Colina struck out swinging . Nix flied out to center . Kroeger walked . Lucy walked , Kroeger to second . Danks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 9th . Aquino pitching for White Sox . Mi Jones grounded out to third . Clevlen homered to center . Boscan singled to center . Sammons walked , Boscan to second . Young flied out to left . Timmons flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 12 - Braves 4 .	Vizquel , Danks shine as White Sox end spring