Rays - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Bartlett flied out to left . Crawford struck out swinging . Zobrist singled to right center . Longoria struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Pierre singled to shallow center . Vizquel flied out to right . Pierre stole second . Jones walked . Konerko reached on infield single to shortstop , Pierre to third , Jones to second . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierre scored , Konerko out at second , Jones to third . Quentin walked , Pierzynski to second . Kotsay flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Pena walked . Upton walked , Pena to second . Burrell struck out swinging . Jaso popped out to shortstop . Brignac struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Teahen homered to left center ( 389 feet ) . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Pierre grounded out to second . Vizquel flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Bartlett walked . Crawford singled to center , Bartlett to second . Zobrist walked , Bartlett to third , Crawford to second . Longoria grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bartlett out at home , Crawford to third , Zobrist to second . Pena walked , Crawford scored , Zobrist to third , Longoria to second . Upton struck out looking . Burrell singled to center , Zobrist and Longoria scored , Pena to second . Jaso walked , Pena to third , Burrell to second . Brignac flied out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Jones grounded out to second . Konerko grounded out to second . Pierzynski walked . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pierzynski out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Bartlett flied out to left . Crawford grounded out to second . Zobrist doubled to deep right . Longoria flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Kotsay reached on bunt single to third , Kotsay out stretching at second . Teahen flied out to left . Ramirez singled to right . Pierre flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for White Sox . Pena singled to right . Upton doubled to left , Pena to third . Burrell walked . Jaso popped out to third . Brignac singled to shallow right , Pena and Upton scored , Burrell to second . Bartlett fouled out to first . Crawford doubled to left , Burrell and Brignac scored . Crawford stole third . Zobrist flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Shields pitching for Rays . Vizquel safe at first on error by second baseman Brignac . Jones struck out swinging . Konerko safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria , Vizquel to second . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Vizquel to third , Konerko to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Longoria flied out to left . Pena flied out to center . Upton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Shields pitching for Rays . Kotsay flied out to right . Teahen singled to left . Ramirez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Burrell flied out to center . Jaso flied out to center . Brignac grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Shields pitching for Rays . Pierre flied out to center . Vizquel grounded out to first . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Williams pitching for White Sox . Bartlett struck out looking . Crawford walked . Zobrist doubled to deep right center , Crawford to third . Longoria intentionally walked . Pena doubled to deep right , Crawford , Zobrist and Longoria scored . Upton grounded out to shortstop . Burrell grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Konerko grounded out to first . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 9th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Jaso singled to center . Brignac flied out to left . Rodriguez walked , Jaso to second . Kapler struck out swinging . Zobrist grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Kotsay grounded out to first . Teahen flied out to left . Ramirez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 10 - White Sox 2 .	Rays wallop White Sox to cap team - best 9 - 1 trip