White Sox - Top 1st . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Pierre struck out swinging . Vizquel singled to left . Rios struck out swinging , Vizquel stole second . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Tabata bunt grounded out to catcher . Walker grounded out to second . McCutchen singled to left . McCutchen caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Jones batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Quentin doubled to deep right . Pierzynski popped out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right , Quentin to third . Beckham hit sacrifice fly to center , Quentin scored . Buehrle struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Jones struck out swinging . Milledge walked . Alvarez struck out swinging . Doumit grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Pierre singled to right . Vizquel hit by pitch , Pierre to second . Rios grounded out to third , Pierre to third , Vizquel to second . Konerko hit sacrifice fly to right , Pierre scored . Quentin doubled to deep left , Vizquel scored . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . Ohlendorf struck out swinging . Tabata singled to left . Walker grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tabata out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Ramirez grounded out to pitcher . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . Buehrle struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . McCutchen grounded out to third . Jones doubled to deep center . Milledge singled to center , Jones to third . Alvarez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Milledge out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel grounded out to first . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Doumit grounded out to shortstop . Crosby grounded out to third . Ohlendorf struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Konerko singled to right . Quentin flied out to right . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to second . Ramirez lined into double play , second to shortstop , Konerko doubled off second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Tabata grounded out to shortstop . Walker homered to left ( 381 feet ) . McCutchen grounded out to third . Jones flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Ohlendorf pitching for Pirates . Beckham hit ground rule double to deep left center . Buehrle sacrificed to catcher , Beckham to third . Pierre tripled to deep left center , Beckham scored . Hanrahan pitching for Pirates . Vizquel singled to center , Pierre scored . Vizquel to second on wild pitch by Hanrahan . Rios struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Milledge flied out to center . Alvarez struck out looking . Doumit grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Carrasco pitching for Pirates . Quentin lined out to shortstop . Pierzynski doubled to deep right center . Ramirez fouled out to third . Beckham popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Crosby struck out swinging . LaRoche hit for Carrasco . LaRoche doubled to deep center . Santos pitching for White Sox . Tabata walked . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , LaRoche to third , Tabata to second . McCutchen singled to left , LaRoche scored , Tabata to third , Walker to second . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Jones hit sacrifice fly to right , Tabata scored , Walker to third . Milledge singled to right , Walker scored , McCutchen to third . Alvarez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Meek pitching for Pirates . Kotsay hit for Thornton . Kotsay grounded out to third . Pierre grounded out to third . Vizquel fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Doumit struck out swinging . Young hit for Crosby . Young flied out to left . Church hit for Meek . Church struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Pirates 4 .	Buehrle , White Sox hand Bucs 11th straight loss