White Sox - Top 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pierre grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Rios singled to center . Rios stole second . Konerko singled to center , Rios scored . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Morgan flied out to center . Guzman lined out to right . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Castro singled to shallow left . Viciedo flied out to center . Beckham singled to center , Castro to second . Castro stole third . Garcia bunted into double play , catcher to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham lined out to shortstop . Bernadina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez singled to right . Rios lined out to left . Konerko grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Desmond struck out looking . Nieves struck out swinging . Lannan walked . Morgan grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Quentin grounded out to shortstop . Castro grounded out to second . Viciedo singled to center . Beckham singled to center , Viciedo to second . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Guzman tripled to deep right center . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . Dunn grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Guzman scored . Willingham singled to left center , Dunn to third . Bernadina singled to center , Dunn scored , Willingham to second . Desmond lined out to left . Nieves singled to right , Willingham scored , Bernadina to third . Lannan grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pierre singled to right . Ramirez singled to center , Pierre to third . Rios doubled to deep right center , Pierre scored , Ramirez to third . Konerko singled to center , Ramirez and Rios scored . Batista pitching for Nationals . Quentin singled to right , Konerko to second . Castro singled to right , Konerko to third , Quentin to second . Viciedo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Konerko scored , Castro out at second , Quentin to third . Beckham grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Morgan singled to left . Guzman bunt popped out foul to first . Zimmerman grounded into double play , third to second to first , Morgan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Pierre flied out to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Dunn grounded out to shortstop . Willingham doubled to left . Bernadina grounded out to second , Willingham to third . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Nationals . Rios flied out to left . Konerko popped out to second . Quentin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Nieves grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy hit for Batista . Kennedy flied out to center . Morgan lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Castro struck out swinging . Viciedo struck out swinging . Beckham flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Vizquel at third base . Guzman singled to left . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Storen pitching for Nationals . Vizquel singled to right center . Pierre sacrificed to catcher , Vizquel to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Vizquel to third . Rios singled to center , Vizquel scored . Konerko struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for White Sox . Bernadina singled to center . Desmond grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bernadina out at second . Harris hit for Nieves . Harris struck out swinging . Rodriguez hit for Storen . Desmond to second on fielder 's indifference . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Nationals 3 .	White Sox sweep Nats , run winning streak to six