Royals - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Podsednik struck out swinging . Kendall walked . DeJesus grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Lerew pitching for Royals . Pierre grounded out to shortstop . Vizquel lined out to left . Rios hit by pitch . Quentin fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Butler singled to center . Guillen struck out swinging . Callaspo walked , Butler to second . Butler to third , Callaspo to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Aviles hit sacrifice fly to center , Butler scored , Callaspo out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lerew pitching for Royals . Kotsay singled to center . Pierzynski singled to right , Kotsay to third . Jones hit sacrifice fly to center , Kotsay scored . Viciedo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Maier popped out to shortstop . Betancourt lined out to right . Podsednik walked . Kendall flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lerew pitching for Royals . Beckham singled to center . Pierre lined into double play , shortstop to first , Beckham doubled off first . Vizquel reached on infield single to second . Rios homered to center ( 417 feet ) , Vizquel scored . Quentin homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Kotsay singled to center . Pierzynski walked , Kotsay to second . Jones homered to left ( 382 feet ) , Kotsay and Pierzynski scored . Viciedo homered to left ( 435 feet ) . Texeira pitching for Royals . Beckham lined out to center . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . DeJesus struck out swinging . Butler doubled to deep left center . Guillen homered to left center ( 399 feet ) , Butler scored . Callaspo flied out to left . Aviles struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Texeira pitching for Royals . Pierre singled to left . Pierre caught stealing second , catcher to second . Vizquel singled to center . Rios grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Vizquel out at second . Quentin popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Maier singled to center . Betancourt doubled to deep left , Maier to third . Podsednik singled to right , Maier scored , Betancourt to third . Pena pitching for White Sox . Kendall singled to right center , Betancourt scored , Podsednik to second . DeJesus grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second , Podsednik to third . Butler struck out looking . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Royals . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Jones struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Guillen singled to left . Callaspo grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . Aviles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Royals . Viciedo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Callaspo . Beckham singled to right , Viciedo to third . Pierre walked , Beckham to second . Vizquel hit sacrifice fly to center , Viciedo scored . Marte pitching for Royals . Rios walked , Beckham to third , Pierre to second . Quentin homered to left ( 415 feet ) , Beckham , Pierre and Rios scored . Kotsay struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Top 7th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Maier popped out to second . Betancourt grounded out to third . Podsednik singled to left . Pena hit for Kendall . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Pena catching . Farnsworth pitching for Royals . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Viciedo doubled to deep left center . Beckham doubled to deep right center , Viciedo scored . Pierre flied out to left . Lillibridge hit for Vizquel . Lillibridge doubled to deep right center , Beckham scored . Rios struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Lillibridge at shortstop . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . DeJesus singled to right . Butler flied out to right . Bloomquist hit for Guillen . Bloomquist flied out to right . Getz hit for Callaspo . Getz popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Getz at third base . Tejeda pitching for Royals . Castro hit for Quentin . Castro fouled out to first . Kotsay grounded out to second . Soria pitching for Royals . Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep center . Jones singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Viciedo fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Aviles flied out to right . Maier grounded out to first . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 5 - White Sox 15 .	White Sox roll into first