White Sox - Top 1st . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Vizquel reached on bunt single to pitcher . Rios grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Vizquel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Span lined out to center . Hudson flied out to left . Mauer doubled to deep left . Kubel grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Konerko grounded out to third . Quentin flied out to center . Kotsay grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer grounded out to catcher . Thome singled to left . Young homered to left ( 390 feet ) , Thome scored . Valencia grounded out to third . Hardy singled to right . Span flied out to center . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Ramirez doubled to left . Castro grounded out to third . Beckham singled to left , Ramirez scored . Pierre grounded out to second , Beckham to second . Beckham to third on wild pitch by Blackburn . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Hudson grounded out to first . Mauer grounded out to second . Kubel singled to right . Cuddyer tripled to deep center , Kubel scored . Thome grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Rios singled to right . Konerko popped out to second . Rios caught stealing second , catcher to second . Quentin reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Young struck out swinging . Valencia popped out to third . Hardy doubled to deep left . Span lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Ramirez hit by pitch . Castro struck out looking . Beckham singled to center , Ramirez to third . Pierre grounded out to second , Ramirez scored , Beckham to second . Vizquel lined out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Hudson singled to right . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hudson out at second . Kubel singled to right . Cuddyer singled to left , Kubel to second . Thome grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cuddyer out at second , Kubel to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Blackburn pitching for Twins . Rios singled to center . Konerko singled to left , Rios to second . Quentin doubled to deep center , Rios and Konerko scored . Duensing pitching for Twins . Kotsay bunt popped out to pitcher . Ramirez intentionally walked . Quentin stole third . Castro singled to center , Quentin scored , Ramirez to second . Beckham singled to left , Ramirez scored , Castro to second . Pierre struck out swinging . Vizquel grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Jones in right field . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Young flied out to center . Valencia singled to left . Hardy flied out to center . Span walked , Valencia to second . Hudson lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Rios grounded out to shortstop . Konerko singled to deep right , Konerko out stretching at second . Jones reached on infield single to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Mauer grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to second . Cuddyer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Ramirez singled to left . Castro sacrificed to catcher , Ramirez to second . Beckham singled to center , Ramirez to third . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Beckham out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for White Sox . Thome singled to left . Repko ran for Thome . Young struck out swinging . Valencia singled to center , Repko to third . Hardy struck out swinging . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Valencia out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Duensing pitching for Twins . Vizquel singled to left . Rios grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Vizquel out at second . Konerko flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Hudson walked . Hudson to second on fielder 's indifference . Mauer walked . Kubel singled to center , Hudson scored , Mauer to second . Cuddyer singled to center , Mauer scored , Kubel to third . Santos pitching for White Sox . Punto ran for Kubel . Repko walked , Cuddyer to second . Young singled to center , Punto scored , Cuddyer to third , Repko to second , Cuddyer scored on throwing error by center fielder Rios . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : White Sox 6 - Twins 7 .	Twins ' 4 - run 9th upends 1st - place White Sox