White Sox - Top 1st . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Pierre flied out to left . Vizquel singled to center . Rios singled to center , Vizquel to second . Konerko singled to shallow left , Vizquel thrown out at home , Rios to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins walked . Branyan doubled to left center , Figgins scored . Lopez flied out to right . Gutierrez flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Jones struck out looking . Pierzynski flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Bradley struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Beckham flied out to center . Pierre singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Pierre to third . Rios hit sacrifice fly to center , Pierre scored . Konerko singled to center , Vizquel to second . Vizquel stole third . Kotsay flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Ja Wilson walked . Ja Wilson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Figgins walked , Suzuki to second . Branyan grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 4th . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Pierzynski singled to right . Ramirez fouled out to third . Pierzynski to second on passed ball by Johnson . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Lopez struck out swinging . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to left . Smoak singled to right , Bradley to second . Johnson walked , Bradley to third , Smoak to second . Ja Wilson grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Pierre grounded out to second . Vizquel walked . Rios homered to left ( 376 feet ) , Vizquel scored . Konerko struck out swinging . Kotsay flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Suzuki lined out to shortstop . Figgins singled to left . Kotchman hit for Branyan . Kotchman lined into double play , right to first , Figgins doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Pauley pitching for Mariners . Jones struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Lopez grounded out to third . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Bradley grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Beckham singled to left center . Pierre safe at first on error by second baseman Figgins , Beckham to third . Vizquel grounded out to shortstop , Beckham scored , Pierre to second . Pierre stole third . Rios grounded out to first . Konerko grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Hudson pitching for White Sox . Smoak struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to first . Ja Wilson reached on infield single to third . Thornton pitching for White Sox . Suzuki singled to center , Ja Wilson to second . Figgins walked , Ja Wilson to third , Suzuki to second . Kotchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Wright pitching for Mariners . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . Jones homered to left ( 427 feet ) . Pierzynski grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez singled to right . Ramirez stole second , Ramirez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johnson . Beckham doubled to center , Ramirez scored . Pierre grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Pena pitching for White Sox . Lopez grounded out to third . Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop . Bradley singled to right . Smoak singled to right , Bradley to third . Bard hit for Johnson . Bard struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Bard catching . Olson pitching for Mariners . Vizquel popped out to third . Rios struck out swinging . Konerko grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Linebrink pitching for White Sox . Ja Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki struck out swinging . Figgins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Mariners 1 .	Rios atones for Sunday 's gaffe to key White Sox