White Sox - Top 1st . Pavano pitching for Twins . Pierre singled to center . Vizquel singled to right , Pierre to third . Rios grounded out to third , Pierre scored , Vizquel to second . Konerko singled to left , Vizquel to third . Teahen singled to right , Vizquel scored , Konerko to second . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teahen out at second , Konerko to third . Kotsay grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Span flied out to left . Hudson grounded out to second . Mauer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Pierzynski singled to center . Beckham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pierzynski out at second . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Vizquel reached on infield single to pitcher , Pierre to third . Rios flied out to right . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Cuddyer grounded out to first . Young grounded out to shortstop . Kubel grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Pavano pitching for Twins . Konerko singled to center . Teahen tripled to deep center , Konerko scored . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay grounded out to pitcher . Pierzynski doubled to deep right center , Teahen scored . Beckham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Valencia grounded out to third . Punto struck out looking . Butera singled to center . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Butera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Pierre grounded out to first . Vizquel flied out to left . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hudson grounded out to second . Mauer lined out to shortstop . Cuddyer doubled to deep right . Young reaches on error by shortstop Ramirez , Cuddyer out at home in rundown . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 5th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Konerko homered to left center ( 396 feet ) . Teahen struck out swinging . Ramirez doubled to left . Kotsay struck out swinging . Pierzynski grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Kubel struck out looking . Valencia singled to left . Punto singled to right , Valencia to second . Butera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Punto out at second , Valencia to third . Span grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Butera out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Casilla at shortstop . Pavano pitching for Twins . Beckham singled to right . Pierre grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Beckham out at second . Vizquel lined into double play , right to first , Pierre doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Hudson struck out swinging . Mauer lined out to center . Cuddyer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Pavano pitching for Twins . Rios reached on infield single to third , Rios to second on throwing error by third baseman Valencia . Konerko singled to right , Rios scored . Perkins pitching for Twins . Teahen singled to left , Konerko to second . Ramirez singled to left , Konerko to third , Teahen to second . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Konerko out at home , Teahen to third , Ramirez to second . Pierzynski grounded out to third , Teahen scored , Ramirez to third , Kotsay to second . Beckham struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 7th . Jones in right field . Buehrle pitching for White Sox . Young flied out to right . Kubel grounded out to first . Valencia walked . Casilla singled to left , Valencia to second . Butera popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Pierre hit by pitch . Vizquel singled to left , Pierre to second . Rios popped out to second . Konerko doubled to left , Pierre and Vizquel scored . Jones flied out to center . Ramirez homered to left ( 354 feet ) , Konerko scored . Lillibridge hit for Kotsay . Lillibridge grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Putz pitching for White Sox . Span flied out to right . Hudson hit by pitch . Mauer flied out to left . Cuddyer walked , Hudson to second . Repko hit for Young . Pena pitching for White Sox . Repko walked , Hudson to third , Cuddyer to second . Kubel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Repko in left field . Rauch pitching for Twins . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Beckham popped out to shortstop . Pierre singled to left . Vizquel popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Valencia flied out to center . Casilla struck out swinging . Butera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 11 - Twins 0 .	Konerko 5 - for-5 with 4 RBIs as ChiSox romp