Orioles - Top 1st . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Roberts struck out swinging . Markakis lined out to left . Wigginton singled to center . Scott flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pierre singled to left . Vizquel grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Pierre out at second . Rios grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Jones walked . Pie singled to right , Jones to third . Wieters grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Pie out at second . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Konerko flied out to left . Quentin doubled to left . Pierzynski grounded out to second , Quentin to third . Ramirez walked . Teahen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Bell struck out looking . Roberts fouled out to catcher . Markakis singled to left center . Wigginton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Beckham reached on infield single to third . Pierre flied into double play , left to first , Beckham doubled off first . Vizquel struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Scott homered to right ( 406 feet ) . Jones hit by pitch . Pie singled to center , Jones to third . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones scored , Pie out at second . Izturis flied out to center . Bell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Patterson in left field . Pie in center field . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Rios singled to center . Konerko singled to left , Rios to third . Quentin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Rios scored , Konerko out at second . Pierzynski lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Roberts walked . Markakis flied out to right . Wigginton struck out swinging . Scott flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Ramirez doubled to right . Ramirez to third on wild pitch by Guthrie . Teahen walked . Beckham hit by pitch , Teahen to second . Pierre hit sacrifice fly to right , Ramirez scored , Teahen to third . Vizquel popped out to shortstop . Beckham picked off first . Rios batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Patterson grounded out to pitcher . Pie flied out to left . Wieters singled to center . Izturis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Rios popped out to first . Konerko struck out swinging . Quentin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Floyd pitching for White Sox . Bell struck out looking . Roberts singled to right . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts out at second . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Teahen doubled to right , Pierzynski to third . Beckham homered to center ( 416 feet ) , Pierzynski and Teahen scored . Pierre doubled to center . Vizquel flied out to right . Rios hit by pitch . Albers pitching for Orioles . Konerko singled to center , Pierre scored , Rios to third . Quentin grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Jones in right field . Sale pitching for White Sox . Scott grounded out to shortstop . Patterson struck out swinging . Pie hit ground rule double to deep left center . Wieters flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Pierzynski singled to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Teahen singled to right , Pierzynski to third . Beckham struck out swinging . Pierre singled to center , Pierzynski scored , Teahen thrown out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Izturis walked . Izturis to second on fielder 's indifference . Bell singled to right , Izturis to third . Roberts singled to left center , Izturis scored , Bell to second . Bell to third , Roberts to second on wild pitch by Santos . Markakis singled to center , Bell scored , Roberts to third . Putz pitching for White Sox . Wigginton grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Roberts scored , Markakis out at second . Jenks pitching for White Sox . Scott flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - White Sox 7 .	Beckham powers Floyd , White Sox past Orioles