Tigers - Top 1st . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to center . Sizemore grounded out to third . Raburn flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Pierre safe at first on error by second baseman Sizemore . Ramirez singled to center , Pierre to second . Rios singled to left , Pierre scored , Ramirez to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rios out at second , Ramirez to third . Pierzynski hit sacrifice fly to third , Ramirez scored , Konerko to second . Quentin hit by pitch . Teahen grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera struck out swinging . Peralta flied out to center . Wells struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Morel grounded out to first . Lillibridge walked . Pierre singled to right , Lillibridge to third . Ramirez flied out to center . Rios grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Danks pitching for White Sox . Inge flied out to center . Boesch grounded out to first . Laird flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Konerko walked . Pierzynski singled to right , Konerko to second . Quentin flied out to center , Konerko to third . Teahen grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Konerko out at home , Pierzynski to second . Morel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson flied out to right . Sizemore homered to left ( 362 feet ) . Raburn doubled to right . Cabrera flied out to center , Raburn to third . Peralta walked . Wells flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Lillibridge flied out to right . Pierre grounded out to third . Ramirez walked . Rios singled to left , Ramirez to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Rios out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Inge struck out swinging . Boesch popped out to second . Laird grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Quentin singled to left . Teahen grounded out to first , Quentin to second . Morel walked . Lillibridge flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Jackson bunt grounded out to third . Sizemore struck out swinging . Raburn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Pierre grounded out to pitcher . Ramirez flied out to center . Rios singled to center . Konerko walked , Rios to second . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski singled to center , Rios scored , Konerko to second . Quentin grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierzynski out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Danks pitching for White Sox . Cabrera popped out to second . Peralta walked . Wells homered to left ( 346 feet ) , Peralta scored . Inge walked . Boesch reached on infield single to second , Inge to second . Laird doubled to left , Inge scored , Boesch to third . Jackson singled to left , Boesch scored , Laird to third . Putz pitching for White Sox . Rhymes hit for Sizemore . Jackson to second on passed ball by Pierzynski . Rhymes doubled to deep left , Laird and Jackson scored . Raburn lined out to left . Cabrera struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Rhymes at second base . Thomas pitching for Tigers . Teahen reached on infield single to shortstop , Teahen to second on throwing error by shortstop Peralta . Perry pitching for Tigers . Morel struck out swinging . Lillibridge grounded out to shortstop , Teahen to third . Pierre grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 8th . Torres pitching for White Sox . Peralta struck out swinging . Wells struck out looking . Inge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Perry pitching for Tigers . Ramirez struck out looking . Rios popped out to third . Konerko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Torres pitching for White Sox . Boesch lined out to third . Laird struck out swinging . Jackson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Coke pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski hit ground rule double to deep left center . Quentin flied out to center , Pierzynski to third . Ramirez hit for Teahen . Ramirez walked . Morel singled to center , Pierzynski scored , Ramirez to second . Jones hit for Lillibridge . Jones walked , Ramirez to third , Morel to second . De Aza ran for Jones . Pierre singled to left , Ramirez scored , Morel to third , De Aza to second . Weinhardt pitching for Tigers . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morel scored , Pierre out at second , De Aza to third . Rios hit by pitch , Ramirez to second . De Aza scored , Ramirez to third , Rios to second on wild pitch by Weinhardt . Konerko walked . Pierzynski grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 10th . Vizquel at second base . Santos pitching for White Sox . Rhymes popped out to shortstop . Raburn flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Weinhardt pitching for Tigers . Quentin safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera . Ramirez struck out looking . Morel flied out to left . Vizquel singled to right , Quentin to third . Pierre flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 11th . Santos pitching for White Sox . Peralta grounded out to third . Wells fouled out to first . Inge struck out swinging , Inge reaches on wild pitch by Santos . Inge to third on throwing error by catcher Pierzynski . Boesch intentionally walked . Laird singled to left , Inge scored , Boesch to second . Jackson doubled to left , Boesch scored , Laird to third . Rhymes grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 11th . Bonine pitching for Tigers . Ramirez singled to center . Rios walked , Ramirez to second . Konerko struck out looking . Schlereth pitching for Tigers . Pierzynski grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rios out at second , Ramirez to third . Quentin walked , Pierzynski to second . Ramirez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - White Sox 7 .	Tigers survive White Sox after conceding lead