Yankees - Top 1st . Dickey pitching for Mets . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Granderson grounded out to second . Rodriguez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Torres grounded out to shortstop . Tejada struck out swinging . Wright singled to center . Wright stole second , Wright safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stewart . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Cano flied out to left . Teixeira safe at first on error by pitcher Dickey . Teixeira to second on passed ball by Thole . Swisher walked . Ibanez singled to right , Teixeira to third , Swisher to second . Stewart popped out to second . Sabathia grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Swisher out at third , Ibanez to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Duda singled to right . Turner grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Duda out at second . Cedeno singled to center . Thole singled to center , Cedeno to third . Dickey grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Dickey pitching for Mets . Jeter struck out swinging . Granderson walked . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third , Granderson to second . Cano walked , Granderson to third , Rodriguez to second . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to right , Granderson scored . Swisher homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Rodriguez and Cano scored . Ibanez fouled out to catcher . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Torres walked . Torres stole second , Torres safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stewart . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to left , Torres scored . Wright flied out to right . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 4th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Stewart flied out to left . Sabathia grounded out to shortstop . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Duda grounded out to first . Turner flied out to right . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Granderson hit by pitch . Granderson to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano singled to left , Granderson to third . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson scored , Cano out at second , Teixeira to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Thole grounded out to second . Dickey singled to shallow right center . Torres struck out swinging . Tejada singled to left center , Dickey to second . Wright singled to left , Dickey scored , Tejada to second . Hairston flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Dickey pitching for Mets . Ibanez singled to right center . Stewart grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ibanez out at second . Sabathia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Duda flied out to left . Turner safe at first on error by second baseman Cano . Cedeno singled to center , Turner to second . Thole grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cedeno out at second , Turner to third . Rottino hit for Dickey . Rottino walked , Thole to second . Torres singled to right , Turner and Thole scored , Rottino to third . Wade pitching for Yankees . Tejada singled to left , Rottino scored , Torres to second . Wright walked , Torres to third , Tejada to second . Nieuwenhuis hit for Hairston . Nieuwenhuis struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Batista pitching for Mets . Rottino in left field . Jeter flied out to right . Granderson struck out looking . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Duda struck out swinging . Turner flied out to right . Cedeno popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Batista pitching for Mets . Cano homered to center ( 440 feet ) . Teixeira flied out to center . Swisher grounded out to second . Ibanez singled to right . Wise ran for Ibanez . Stewart struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Wise in left field . Logan pitching for Yankees . Thole struck out swinging . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Rottino struck out looking . Torres singled to shallow right . Torres stole second . Torres to third on balk by Robertson . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Chavez hit for Robertson . Chavez struck out swinging . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Granderson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Soriano pitching for Yankees . Wright struck out swinging . Murphy hit for Parnell . Murphy lined out to second . Duda singled to right . Davis hit for Turner . Davis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Mets 5 .	Yanks dump Mets on Cano 's HR \n