Marlins - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Hernandez grounded out to pitcher . Solano struck out looking . Reyes singled to right center . Lee grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Turner pitching for Marlins . Lewis grounded out to shortstop . Murphy reached on infield single to second . Wright flied out to right . Murphy stole second . Davis singled to right , Murphy scored . Hairston homered to left center ( 397 feet ) , Davis scored . Duda singled to left . Tejada grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Ruggiano grounded out to third . Kearns grounded out to shortstop . Brantly grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Thole doubled to deep left . Niese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thole to third on throwing error by shortstop Reyes . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Thole out at home , Lewis to second , Niese to second , Niese to third advancing on throw . Niese scored , Lewis to third on wild pitch by Turner . Murphy hit sacrifice fly to center , Lewis scored . Wright flied out to center . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 3rd . Lewis in left field . Baxter in right field . Niese pitching for Mets . Velazquez singled to right center . Turner sacrificed to pitcher , Velazquez to second . Hernandez grounded out to third , Velazquez to third . Solano singled to right , Velazquez scored . Reyes grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Turner pitching for Marlins . Davis grounded out to second . Hairston popped out to catcher . Baxter reached on infield single to catcher . Baxter caught stealing second , catcher to second . Tejada batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Lee struck out looking . Ruggiano popped out to second . Kearns struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Tejada doubled to left . Thole flied out to right , Tejada to third . Niese struck out looking . Lewis lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Brantly flied out to center . Velazquez struck out looking . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Turner pitching for Marlins . Murphy struck out swinging , Murphy safe at first on passed ball by Brantly . Wright grounded out to first , Murphy to second . Davis lined out to shortstop . Hairston tripled to deep left , Murphy scored . Petersen in left field . Baxter intentionally walked . Tejada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Mets . Hernandez singled to left . Solano doubled to left , Hernandez scored . Solano to third on passed ball by Thole . Reyes walked . Lee fouled out to first . Petersen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Solano out at home , Reyes to second . Kearns singled to center , Reyes scored , Petersen to second . Brantly struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Jennings pitching for Marlins . Thole struck out swinging . Niese singled to left . Torres hit for Lewis . Torres grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Niese out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Torres in center field . Hairston in left field . Niese pitching for Mets . Velazquez singled to center . Dobbs hit for Jennings . Dobbs struck out swinging . Parnell pitching for Mets . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Velazquez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . LeBlanc pitching for Marlins . Murphy grounded out to first . Wright struck out swinging . Davis homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Hairston popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Solano grounded out to second . Reyes flied out to center . Lee grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Zambrano pitching for Marlins . Baxter singled to center . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Baxter out at second . Thole grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Rauch pitching for Mets . Petersen struck out swinging . Kearns struck out looking . Brantly popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 3 - Mets 7 .	Hairston , Mets avoid last place , upend Marlins