Royals - Top 1st . Holland pitching for Rangers . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar lined out to center . Cain grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Davis pitching for Royals . Andrus struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Berkman singled to right . Beltre singled to left , Berkman to second . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Butler struck out looking . Hosmer struck out swinging . Tejada singled to right . Francoeur grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Davis pitching for Royals . Moreland lined out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to second . Profar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Holland pitching for Rangers . Moore doubled to deep right . Getz reached on infield single to shortstop . Gordon struck out swinging . Escobar singled to center , Moore scored , Getz to third , Escobar to second advancing on throw . Cain grounded out to pitcher . Butler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Escobar out at third on runner interference . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Davis pitching for Royals . Martin struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to second . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop . Berkman reached on infield single to second , Murphy to second . Beltre singled to center , Murphy scored , Berkman to second . Cruz homered to left ( 434 feet ) , Berkman and Beltre scored . Moreland struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Hosmer grounded out to second . Tejada lined out to left . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Davis pitching for Royals . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Profar struck out swinging . Martin singled to right . Martin stole second . Andrus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Moore walked . Getz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Moore out at second . Gordon grounded into double play , third to second to first , Getz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Royals . Murphy struck out looking . Berkman struck out looking . Beltre singled to right . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Escobar singled to left center . Cain grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Escobar out at second . Butler singled to left , Butler to second on error by left fielder Murphy . Hosmer singled to center , Butler scored . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hosmer out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Davis pitching for Royals . Moreland singled to right . Pierzynski doubled to deep center , Moreland to third . Chen pitching for Royals . Profar walked . Martin doubled to deep center , Moreland and Pierzynski scored , Profar to third . Andrus intentionally walked . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Profar out at home , Martin to third , Andrus to second . Berkman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Murphy out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Holland pitching for Rangers . Francoeur struck out swinging . Moore struck out swinging . Getz singled to left . Getz stole second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Beltre homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Cruz struck out swinging . Moreland lined out to center . Pierzynski singled to shallow left . Profar grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Scheppers pitching for Rangers . Escobar grounded out to second . Cain reached on infield single to third . Butler flied out to left . Hosmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cain out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Hochevar pitching for Royals . Martin struck out swinging . Andrus grounded out to third . Murphy doubled to deep right center . Berkman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Nathan pitching for Rangers . Moustakas hit for Tejada . Moustakas grounded out to second . Lough hit for Francoeur . Lough flied out to right . Moore struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 2 - Rangers 7 .	Holland strikes out 8 as Rangers roll