Astros - Top 1st . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Altuve singled to center . Altuve stole second . Wallace struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to second , Altuve to third . Carter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Harrell pitching for Astros . Kinsler walked . Murphy homered to right center ( 406 feet ) , Kinsler scored . Cruz struck out swinging . Beltre walked . Pierzynski struck out looking . Berkman grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Pena struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . Barnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Moreland grounded out to second . Andrus singled to left . Andrus stole second . Martin struck out swinging . Kinsler walked . Murphy walked , Andrus to third , Kinsler to second . Cruz homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Andrus , Kinsler and Murphy scored . Beltre popped out to second . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Dominguez flied out to right . Cedeno struck out swinging . Altuve grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Harrell pitching for Astros . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Berkman fouled out to third . Moreland walked . Andrus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Wallace struck out swinging . Castro doubled to deep center . Carter struck out looking . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Harrell pitching for Astros . Martin tripled to right . Kinsler walked . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martin scored , Kinsler out at second . Cruz safe at first on error by first baseman Wallace . Beltre homered to left ( 367 feet ) , Cruz scored . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Pierzynski popped out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Top 5th . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Martinez doubled to left . Barnes flied out to right . Dominguez singled to right , Martinez to third . Cedeno grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dominguez out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Berkman struck out looking . Moreland doubled to right . Andrus grounded out to shortstop . Martin singled to right center , Moreland scored . Kinsler flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Tepesch pitching for Rangers . Altuve singled to left center . Wallace walked , Altuve to second . Castro singled to right , Altuve scored , Wallace to third . Carter doubled to left , Wallace and Castro scored . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Pena singled to left , Carter to third . Martinez singled to left , Carter scored , Pena to second . Barnes lined out to center . Dominguez lined into double play , pitcher to second , Pena out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Murphy grounded out to shortstop . Cruz lined out to left . Beltre singled to left center . Pierzynski hit by pitch , Beltre to second . Berkman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pierzynski out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Cedeno lined out to first . Altuve grounded out to second . Wallace flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Oberholtzer pitching for Astros . Moreland grounded out to first . Andrus struck out looking . Martin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Castro singled to right . Carter walked , Castro to second . Pena grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Castro scored on throwing error by first baseman Moreland , Carter safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Moreland . Martinez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Pena out at second , Carter to third . Barnes flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Blackley pitching for Astros . Kinsler reached on infield single to shortstop . Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Blackley . Murphy flied out to center , Kinsler to third . Cruz lined out to right . Beltre intentionally walked . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Frasor pitching for Rangers . Dominguez grounded out to first . Krauss hit for Cedeno . Krauss grounded out to first . Altuve struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 5 - Rangers 10 .	Cruz 's grand slam powers Rangers over Astros