White Sox - Top 1st. Duffy pitching for Royals. Anderson singled to left. Sánchez singled to right, Anderson to second. Cabrera struck out looking. Abreu grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sánchez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Merrifield flied out to left. Cain flied out to right. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Frazier singled to right. García singled to right, Frazier to third, García to second advancing on throw. Soto singled to center, Frazier scored, García to third. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, García scored, Soto out at second. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, García out at second. Anderson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cuthbert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Duffy pitching for Royals. Sánchez doubled to deep left. Cabrera struck out swinging. Abreu singled to right, Sánchez to third. Frazier walked, Abreu to second. García singled to left center, Sánchez scored, Abreu to third, Frazier to second. Soto hit sacrifice fly to left, Abreu scored. García grounded into fielder's choice to third, García out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Escobar singled to left center. Colón grounded into double play, third to second to first, Escobar out at second. Butera grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Duffy pitching for Royals. García struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Merrifield grounded out to second. Cain grounded out to shortstop. Hosmer reached on infield single to second. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Duffy pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to deep left, Cabrera out stretching at second. Abreu grounded out to second. Frazier grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Bonifacio flied out to right. Cuthbert struck out swinging. Escobar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Duffy pitching for Royals. García walked. Soto singled to center, García to third. Young pitching for Royals. García struck out swinging. García grounded into fielder's choice to second, García scored, Soto to second. Anderson struck out swinging. Sánchez singled to right, Soto scored, García to second. Cabrera fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Colón popped out to second. Butera struck out looking. Merrifield singled to center. Cain grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Young pitching for Royals. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. Frazier grounded out to shortstop. García hit by pitch. Soto grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Hosmer grounded out to second. Pérez struck out looking. Bonifacio walked. Cuthbert struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Young pitching for Royals. García grounded out to shortstop. García lined out to center. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Quintana pitching for White Sox. Escobar struck out swinging. Colón reached on bunt single to third. Butera flied out to center. Merrifield walked, Colón to second. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Merrifield out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Wood pitching for Royals. Sánchez walked. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sánchez out at second. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Swarzak pitching for White Sox. Hosmer flied out to left. Pérez popped out to first. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 6 - Royals 0.	Quintana strong through 8 innings, White Sox beat Royals 6-0