Orioles - Top 1st. Young pitching for Royals. Smith struck out swinging. Schoop fouled out to first. Machado struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Escobar grounded out to first. Moustakas flied out to left. Cain singled to center. Hosmer walked, Cain to second. Soler grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hosmer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Young pitching for Royals. Davis homered to right (393 feet). Trumbo grounded out to second. Kim singled to center. Rickard struck out looking. Flaherty reached on infield single to third, Kim to third. Joseph lined out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Moss struck out swinging. Merrifield singled to center. Gordon lined out to shortstop. Butera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Young pitching for Royals. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Schoop popped out to shortstop. Machado fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Escobar struck out swinging. Moustakas flied out to center. Cain singled to right. Hosmer singled to left center, Cain to second. Soler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Young pitching for Royals. Davis walked. Trumbo singled to left, Davis to second. Kim lined out to center. Rickard grounded into fielder's choice to second, Trumbo out at second, Davis to third. Rickard stole second. Flaherty doubled to deep right center, Davis and Rickard scored. Joseph homered to left (414 feet), Flaherty scored. Strahm pitching for Royals. Smith walked. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Gausman pitching for Orioles. Moss walked. Merrifield singled to center, Moss to second. Gordon grounded out to first, Moss to third, Merrifield to second. Butera singled to right, Moss scored, Merrifield to third. Escobar singled to center, Merrifield scored, Butera to second. Moustakas homered to right (382 feet), Butera and Escobar scored. Cain singled to center. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Hosmer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cain out at second. Hosmer stole second. Soler walked. Moss reached on infield single to first, Hosmer to third, Soler to second. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to second, Moss out at second. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Strahm pitching for Royals. Machado struck out swinging. Davis walked. Trumbo flied out to right. Kim walked, Davis to second. Rickard flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Gordon hit by pitch. Butera singled to left, Gordon to second. Escobar grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Gordon scored on throwing error by third baseman Machado, Butera safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Moustakas grounded out to second, Butera scored, Escobar to third. Cain grounded out to third. Hosmer grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 6th. Alburquerque pitching for Royals. Flaherty grounded out to second. Joseph lined out to center. Smith struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Bleier pitching for Orioles. Soler homered to center (470 feet). Moss grounded out to first. Givens pitching for Orioles. Merrifield flied out to right. Gordon grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Alburquerque pitching for Royals. Schoop singled to left. Machado walked, Schoop to second. Minor pitching for Royals. Davis singled to right, Schoop scored, Machado to second. Trumbo popped out to second. Mancini hit for Kim. Moylan pitching for Royals. Mancini singled to left, Machado to third, Davis to second. Rickard grounded into fielder's choice to third, Machado scored, Mancini out at second, Davis to third. Flaherty walked, Rickard to second. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rickard out at third, Flaherty to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Mancini in left field. Givens pitching for Orioles. Butera homered to left center (407 feet). Escobar struck out looking. Moustakas flied out to left. Cain grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Soria pitching for Royals. Bonifacio in right field. Smith singled to left. Schoop flied out to center. Machado flied out to center. Davis walked, Smith to second. Trumbo fouled out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Hart pitching for Orioles. Hosmer struck out swinging. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Moss doubled to center. Merrifield walked. Gordon struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Herrera pitching for Royals. Mancini grounded out to shortstop. Rickard singled to shallow center. Flaherty singled to left, Rickard to second. Joseph doubled to left, Rickard scored, Flaherty to third. Gentry ran for Joseph. Smith struck out swinging. Schoop flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 8 - Royals 9.	Moustakas has HR, 4 RBIs, Royals finish sweep of Orioles