Tigers - Top 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Kinsler doubled to deep center. Castellanos singled to left, Kinsler to third. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Kinsler out at home, Castellanos to third, Upton to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Martinez intentionally walked. Martínez walked, Castellanos scored, Upton to third, Martinez to second. Mahtook struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Merrifield flied out to center. Bonifacio lined out to center. Cain flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Avila walked. Iglesias struck out swinging. Kinsler tripled to deep left center, Avila scored. Castellanos homered to center (432 feet), Kinsler scored. Upton struck out swinging. Cabrera walked. Cabrera to second on balk by Vargas. Martinez grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Hosmer singled to left center. Pérez singled to left, Hosmer to second. Moustakas popped out to third. Escobar struck out looking. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Martínez singled to center. Mahtook homered to left center (445 feet), Martínez scored. Avila struck out looking. Iglesias grounded out to third. Kinsler tripled to deep left center. Alexander pitching for Royals. Castellanos struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Gordon singled to center. Merrifield struck out swinging. Bonifacio fouled out to second. Cain singled to center, Gordon to third. Hosmer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Upton walked. Cabrera grounded out to third, Upton to second. Martinez struck out swinging. Martínez singled to left, Upton scored. Mahtook grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martínez out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Pérez lined out to center. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar singled to center. Moss flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Alexander pitching for Royals. Avila walked. Iglesias grounded into fielder's choice to first, Avila out at second. Kinsler grounded into double play, second to first, Iglesias out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Gordon flied out to left. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio reached on infield single to third. Cain flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Upton popped out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Presley in right field. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Hosmer struck out looking. Pérez lined out to center. Moustakas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Presley singled to right center. Martínez flied out to center. Mahtook reached on infield single to third, Presley to second. Avila reached on infield single to first, Presley to third, Mahtook to second. Iglesias hit sacrifice fly to center, Presley scored. Kinsler grounded into fielder's choice to second, Avila out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Zimmermann pitching for Tigers. Escobar hit by pitch. Torres ran for Escobar. Moss struck out swinging. Gordon lined out to right. Merrifield doubled to deep right, Torres scored. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio hit by pitch. Burns hit for Cain. Burns flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Burns in center field. Butera catching. Torres at shortstop. Alburquerque pitching for Royals. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton flied out to center. Cabrera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Saupold pitching for Tigers. Hosmer homered to right (413 feet). Butera walked. Stumpf pitching for Tigers. Moustakas lined out to second. Torres grounded out to shortstop, Butera to second. Moss walked. Gordon flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Feliz pitching for Royals. Presley doubled to deep right. Martínez singled to right, Presley scored. Mahtook singled to right center, Martínez to second. Avila grounded out to first, Martínez to third, Mahtook to second. Iglesias singled to shallow center, Martínez scored, Mahtook to third. Kinsler grounded into double play, third to second to first, Iglesias out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Bell pitching for Tigers. Merrifield grounded out to shortstop. Bonifacio walked. Burns popped out to second. Hardy pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio to second on fielder's indifference. Hosmer grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 10 - Royals 2.	Zimmermann, home runs send Tigers to 10-2 rout of Royals