Tigers - Top 1st. Wood pitching for Royals. Kinsler flied out to right. Castellanos struck out swinging. Upton flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Merrifield hit by pitch. Bonifacio singled to center, Merrifield to second. Cain grounded into fielder's choice to first, Bonifacio out at second, Merrifield to third. Hosmer singled to center, Merrifield scored, Cain to third. Pérez hit sacrifice fly to left, Cain scored. Moustakas singled to left, Hosmer to second. Escobar singled to right, Hosmer scored, Moustakas to second. Gordon struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Wood pitching for Royals. Cabrera singled to right center. Mahtook doubled to left, Cabrera to third. Martínez singled to center, Cabrera and Mahtook scored. McCann singled to shallow left, Martínez to second. Presley grounded into fielder's choice to first, McCann out at second, Martínez to third. Machado hit sacrifice fly to right, Martínez scored. Kinsler doubled to left, Presley to third. Castellanos tripled to right, Presley and Kinsler scored. Upton grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Torres grounded out to third. Merrifield lined out to right. Bonifacio fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Wood pitching for Royals. Cabrera grounded out to second. Mahtook grounded out to shortstop. Martínez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Cain lined out to left. Hosmer singled to left. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hosmer out at second. Moustakas popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Wood pitching for Royals. McCann grounded out to shortstop. Presley flied out to left. Machado grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Escobar fouled out to first. Gordon struck out swinging. Torres singled to left. Merrifield grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torres out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Wood pitching for Royals. Kinsler lined out to center. Castellanos homered to left (408 feet). Upton singled to left. Cabrera singled to left, Upton to second. Moylan pitching for Royals. Mahtook flied out to right, Upton to third. Martínez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Bonifacio grounded out to third. Cain popped out to second. Hosmer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Moylan pitching for Royals. McCann singled to center. Presley lined out to center. Machado struck out swinging. Kinsler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Boyd pitching for Tigers. Pérez lined out to right. Moustakas struck out swinging. Escobar walked. Gordon singled to center, Escobar to third. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gordon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Minor pitching for Royals. Castellanos homered to center (413 feet). Upton doubled to deep center. Upton stole third, Upton scored on throwing error by catcher Pérez. Cabrera grounded out to third. Mahtook struck out swinging. Martínez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 7th. Greene pitching for Tigers. Merrifield walked. Bonifacio struck out swinging. Cain grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Merrifield out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Alburquerque pitching for Royals. McCann flied out to center. Presley singled to center. Machado grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Presley out at second. Kinsler singled to left, Machado to second. Castellanos singled to center, Machado scored, Kinsler to second. Upton grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Hosmer struck out swinging. Pérez singled to center. Moustakas singled to right, Pérez to second. Escobar lined out to center. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Feliz pitching for Royals. Cabrera popped out to second. Mahtook flied out to right. Martínez doubled to deep right. McCann lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Tigers. Torres fouled out to third. Merrifield doubled to deep center. Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop, Merrifield to third. Cain lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 9 - Royals 3.	Tigers trade away JD Martinez, still pound Royals 9-3