Royals - Top 1st. Holland pitching for White Sox. Merrifield flied out to center. Cain struck out looking. Hosmer singled to center. Hosmer to second on wild pitch by Holland. Cabrera safe at first on error by third baseman Saladino, Hosmer to third. Moustakas grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Vargas pitching for Royals. Anderson fouled out to first. Saladino lined out to right. Abreu grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 2nd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Bonifacio flied out to left. Cuthbert walked. Escobar singled to left, Cuthbert to second. Butera singled to left, Cuthbert to third, Escobar to second, Cuthbert scored, Escobar to third, Butera to second on throwing error by left fielder García. Merrifield struck out looking. Cain singled to left, Escobar and Butera scored. Cain to second on wild pitch by Holland. Hosmer walked, Cain tagged out at third. Hosmer batting. Cabrera singled to center, Cain scored, Hosmer to second. Moustakas grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Vargas pitching for Royals. García struck out swinging. Delmonico hit by pitch. Smith singled to center, Delmonico to second. Moncada struck out looking. García popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Holland pitching for White Sox. Bonifacio homered to left (367 feet). Cuthbert doubled to left. Escobar walked. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Butera lined out to left. Merrifield homered to left center (397 feet), Cuthbert and Escobar scored. Cain singled to right. Hosmer walked, Cain to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Hosmer out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Vargas pitching for Royals. Engel walked. Anderson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Engel out at second. Saladino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Moustakas flied out to left. Bonifacio struck out looking. Cuthbert flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Abreu struck out swinging. García fouled out to first. Delmonico walked. Smith struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Pelfrey pitching for White Sox. Escobar struck out swinging. Butera singled to center. Merrifield singled to right, Butera to second. Cain struck out swinging. Hosmer lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Moncada doubled to deep left. García grounded out to shortstop. Engel struck out swinging. Anderson homered to center (424 feet), Moncada scored. Saladino doubled to left. Abreu singled to center, Saladino scored. García singled to center, Abreu to second. Delmonico flied out to center. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Beck pitching for White Sox. Cabrera walked. Moustakas walked, Cabrera to second. Bonifacio singled to right center, Cabrera scored, Moustakas to third. Infante pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert hit sacrifice fly to center, Moustakas scored. Escobar struck out swinging. Butera singled to center, Bonifacio to second. Merrifield tripled to deep right center, Bonifacio and Butera scored. Cain lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Vargas pitching for Royals. Smith grounded out to shortstop. Moncada struck out swinging. García lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 7th. Moss hit for Hosmer. Infante pitching for White Sox. Moss struck out looking. Cabrera grounded out to second. Moustakas singled to center. Bonifacio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Gordon in center field. Moss at first base. McCarthy pitching for Royals. Engel struck out swinging. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Saladino safe at first on error by shortstop Escobar. Abreu reached on infield single to second, Saladino to second. Hanson ran for Abreu. García doubled to left, Saladino and Hanson scored. Delmonico doubled to deep right center, García scored. Smith struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Saladino at first base. Hanson at third base. Goldberg pitching for White Sox. Cuthbert walked. Escobar walked, Cuthbert to second. Butera singled to left, Cuthbert to third, Escobar to second. Merrifield fouled out to right. Gordon grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuthbert scored, Butera out at second, Escobar to third. Moss walked, Gordon to second. Escobar scored, Gordon to third, Moss to second on wild pitch by Goldberg. Cabrera lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Buchter pitching for Royals. Moncada grounded out to third. García grounded out to pitcher. Engel hit by pitch. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Goldberg pitching for White Sox. Moustakas lined out to center. Bonifacio lined out to second. Cuthbert grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Feliz pitching for Royals. Saladino walked. Hanson struck out looking. García struck out swinging. Saladino to second on wild pitch by Feliz. Delmonico flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 14 - White Sox 6.	Merrifield powers Royals past White Sox 14-6