Twins - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Kepler lined out to center. Polanco tripled to deep center. Rosario popped out to third. Cron lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. McCutchen walked. Segura doubled to right, McCutchen scored, Segura safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Schoop. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins singled to left, Segura scored. Realmuto walked, Hoskins to second. Herrera lined out to right. Hernández walked, Realmuto to second, Hoskins to third. Harper pitching for Twins. Franco doubled to right, Hernández scored on throwing error by right fielder Cave, Hoskins scored and Realmuto scored, Franco safe at third on throwing error by right fielder Cave. Pivetta struck out looking. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Gonzalez lined out to left. Cave struck out swinging. Schoop singled to right. Castro fouled out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Harper pitching for Twins. McCutchen struck out swinging. Segura grounded out to third. Harper grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Adrianza hit for Harper. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Adrianza singled to right. Kepler homered to right (373 feet), Adrianza scored. Polanco singled to center. Rosario grounded out to first, Polanco to second. Cron struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Pérez pitching for Twins. Gonzalez at first base. Adrianza at third base. Hoskins walked. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to second, Realmuto safe at first on error by first baseman Gonzalez, Hoskins out at second. Herrera singled to right, Realmuto to third. Hernández hit sacrifice fly to right, Realmuto scored, Herrera to second. Herrera to third on passed ball by Castro. Franco intentionally walked. Pivetta struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Cave walked. Schoop singled to shallow left, Cave to second. Castro popped out to shortstop. Adrianza struck out swinging. Kepler grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Twins. McCutchen singled to left. Segura flied out to center. Harper grounded into fielder's choice to second, McCutchen out at second in rundown. Hoskins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Polanco homered to right (349 feet). Rosario singled to center. Pérez bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Pérez safe at second on error by second baseman Hernández, Rosario out at second. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Pérez to third. Cave reached on infield single to pitcher, Pérez scored. Schoop struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Twins. Realmuto lined out to center. Herrera flied out to center. Hernández walked. Franco walked, Hernández to second. Altherr hit for Pivetta. Altherr doubled to left, Hernández scored, Franco to third. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. McCutchen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Garver hit for Castro. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Garver grounded out to shortstop. Adrianza grounded out to shortstop. Kepler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Garver catching. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Harper struck out swinging. Hoskins reached on infield single to third. Realmuto hit by pitch, Hoskins to second. Herrera singled to right, Realmuto to second, Hoskins to third. Hernández popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Polanco doubled to left. Rosario struck out swinging. Astudillo hit for Hildenberger. Neris pitching for Phillies. Astudillo flied out to center, Polanco to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Astudillo at first base. Mejía pitching for Twins. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Kingery hit for Neris. Kingery popped out to shortstop. McCutchen walked. Segura singled to right, McCutchen to second. Harper walked, Segura to second, McCutchen to third. Hoskins singled to left, McCutchen scored, Segura scored and Harper scored. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hoskins out at second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Neshek pitching for Phillies. Cave grounded out to second. Schoop struck out swinging. Garver grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. May pitching for Twins. Herrera singled to shallow center. Hernández grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Herrera out at second. Franco grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Robertson pitching for Phillies. Adrianza grounded out to third. Kepler struck out swinging. Polanco singled to right. Rosario struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 4 - Phillies 10.	Hoskins drives in 4, Phillies beat Twins 10-4