Twins - Top 1st. Paxton pitching for Yankees. Garver grounded out to pitcher. Polanco fouled out to first. Cruz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Gibson pitching for Twins. Gardner safe at third on error by center fielder Buxton. Voit walked. Sánchez struck out swinging. Torres singled to left, Gardner scored, Voit to second. Ford struck out swinging. Urshela singled to left, Torres to second, Voit thrown out at home. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Paxton pitching for Yankees. Cron singled to center. Gonzalez singled to right center, Cron to second. Kepler popped out to second. Schoop walked, Gonzalez to second, Cron to third. Adrianza grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Schoop out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Tauchman struck out swinging. Maybin walked. Wade hit by pitch, Maybin to second. Gardner lined out to center. Voit reached on infield single to third, Maybin scored, Voit thrown out at second, Wade to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Paxton pitching for Yankees. Buxton walked. Garver popped out to second. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Buxton safe at second on error by shortstop Torres. Cruz walked, Polanco to second, Buxton to third. Cron hit sacrifice fly to center, Buxton scored. Cruz to second on passed ball by Sánchez, Polanco to third on passed ball by Sánchez. Gonzalez lined out to second. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Gibson pitching for Twins. Sánchez reached on infield single to third. Torres struck out swinging. Ford singled to center, Sánchez to second. Urshela grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Holder pitching for Yankees. Kepler popped out to first. Schoop struck out swinging. Adrianza struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Gibson pitching for Twins. Tauchman safe at first on error by first baseman Cron. Maybin singled to center, Tauchman to second. Wade sacrificed to catcher, Maybin to second, Tauchman to third. Tauchman scored on Gibson wild pitch, Maybin to third on wild pitch by Gibson. Gardner grounded out to second, Maybin scored. Voit struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 5th. Holder pitching for Yankees. Buxton popped out to shortstop. Garver grounded out to third. Polanco fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Gibson pitching for Twins. S?nchez homered to left (428 feet). Torres flied out to left. Ford lined out to center. Urshela popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Ottavino pitching for Yankees. Cruz struck out swinging. Cron struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Morin pitching for Twins. Tauchman struck out looking. Maybin struck out swinging. Wade flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Kahnle pitching for Yankees. Kepler struck out swinging. Schoop grounded out to second. Adrianza grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Morin pitching for Twins. Gardner struck out looking. Voit popped out to second. Sánchez homered to left (412 feet). Torres flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Britton pitching for Yankees. Buxton grounded out to pitcher. Garver grounded out to shortstop. Polanco walked. Cruz homered to left center (436 feet), Polanco scored. Cron struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Romero pitching for Twins. Ford struck out looking. Urshela hit by pitch. Tauchman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Urshela out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Gonzalez singled to left. Kepler grounded out to second, Gonzalez to second. Gonzalez to third on wild pitch by Chapman. Schoop lined out to shortstop. Adrianza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 3 - Yankees 6.	Sanchez hits 2 HR, Yanks top Twins after ailing Paxton exits