Angels - Top 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. La Stella walked. Trout singled to left, La Stella to second. Ohtani lined out to second. Simmons grounded into double play, second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Cahill pitching for Angels. Kepler flied out to right. Polanco grounded out to third. Rosario lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Goodwin doubled to deep left. Lucroy struck out looking. Fletcher flied out to right. Walsh flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Cron struck out, Cron to first on wild pitch by Cahill. Astudillo lined out to center. Schoop reached on infield single to first, Cron to second, Schoop safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cahill, Cron safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Cahill. Adrianza doubled to deep left center, Cron scored and Schoop scored. Castro flied out to left, Adrianza to third. Buxton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Rengifo struck out swinging. La Stella homered to right (376 feet). Trout struck out swinging. Ohtani safe at second on error by first baseman Cron. Simmons grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Cahill pitching for Angels. Kepler grounded out to second. Polanco singled to shallow left center. Rosario lined out to second. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to third, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Goodwin singled to center. Goodwin picked off first. Lucroy flied out to left. Fletcher popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Astudillo flied out to center. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. Adrianza grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Walsh grounded out to shortstop. Rengifo flied out to left. La Stella reached on infield single to shortstop. Trout walked, La Stella to second. Ohtani grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Cahill pitching for Angels. Castro walked. Buxton homered to left (393 feet), Castro scored. Kepler grounded out to second. Polanco tripled to deep center. Rosario doubled to right, Polanco scored. Rosario to third on wild pitch by Cahill. Cron walked. Bard pitching for Angels. Astudillo hit sacrifice fly to right, Rosario scored. Schoop lined out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Simmons popped out to shortstop. Goodwin singled to left. Lucroy homered to center (434 feet), Goodwin scored. Fletcher singled to right. Walsh singled to center, Fletcher to third. May pitching for Twins. Rengifo popped out to second. La Stella flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Bard pitching for Angels. Adrianza singled to left. Castro homered to left (425 feet), Adrianza scored. Buxton popped out to shortstop. Kepler walked. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Kepler caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Polanco struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. May pitching for Twins. Trout struck out looking. Ohtani singled to center. Simmons singled to center, Ohtani to third. Magill pitching for Twins. Simmons to second on wild pitch by Magill. Goodwin hit sacrifice fly to right, Ohtani scored, Simmons to third. Lucroy walked. Fletcher grounded into fielder's choice to second, Lucroy out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Angels. Rosario popped out to shortstop. Cron singled to center. Astudillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Harper pitching for Twins. Walsh singled to right. Rengifo struck out swinging. La Stella singled to shallow center, Walsh to second. Trout fouled out to first. Parker pitching for Twins. Ohtani struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Allen pitching for Angels. Schoop singled to center. Adrianza walked, Schoop to second. Castro struck out looking. Buxton lined out to center. Kepler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Hildenberger pitching for Twins. Simmons grounded out to shortstop. Goodwin doubled to deep right center. Lucroy doubled to third, Goodwin scored. Fletcher singled to left, Lucroy scored. Morin pitching for Twins. Walsh singled to center, Fletcher to second. Cozart ran for Walsh. Rengifo struck out swinging. La Stella singled to right, Cozart to second, Fletcher to third. Trout hit by pitch, Fletcher scored, La Stella to second, Cozart to third. Ohtani grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 7 - Twins 8.	Twins hold on for 8-7 win after tense 3-run 9th by Angels