Twins - Top 1st. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Kepler struck out swinging. Polanco popped out to shortstop. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Pineda pitching for Twins. Gordon flied out to center. Haniger singled to right. Encarnación fouled out to catcher. Vogelbach struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Rosario singled to deep right. Cron singled to left center, Rosario thrown out at third. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cron out at second. Sanó grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Santana flied out to right. Narváez struck out swinging. Healy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Castro homered to right center (423 feet). Buxton struck out swinging. Kepler homered to right (392 feet). Polanco flied out to left. Schoop struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Pineda pitching for Twins. Crawford flied out to center. Smith homered to center (398 feet). Gordon flied out to left. Haniger struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Swanson pitching for Mariners. Rosario singled to right. Cron homered to left (453 feet), Rosario scored. Gonzalez singled to left. Sanó doubled to left, Gonzalez to third. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to first, Gonzalez scored, Sanó safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Encarnación. Buxton homered to center (415 feet), Sanó scored and Castro scored. Markel pitching for Mariners. Kepler hit by pitch. Polanco singled to center, Polanco thrown out at second, Kepler to third. Schoop struck out swinging. Kepler scored on error by center fielder Smith, Rosario safe at first on error by center fielder Smith. Cron singled to right center, Rosario to third. Gonzalez walked, Cron to second. Sanó grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez out at second. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 2 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Encarnación struck out swinging. Vogelbach flied out to right. Santana hit by pitch. Narváez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Sadzeck pitching for Mariners. Castro grounded out to third. Buxton struck out swinging. Kepler popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Healy homered to center (402 feet). Crawford homered to right (347 feet). Smith grounded out to second. Gordon grounded out to second. Haniger fouled out to catcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Sadzeck pitching for Mariners. Polanco flied out to left. Schoop grounded out to second. Rosario fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Encarnación flied out to right. Vogelbach flied out to left. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Swarzak pitching for Mariners. Cron struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Sanó struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Pineda pitching for Twins. Narváez singled to right center. Healy struck out swinging. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to third, Crawford safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Polanco, Narváez out at second. Smith flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Rosscup pitching for Mariners. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Buxton singled to left. Buxton to second on wild pitch by Rosscup. Kepler struck out swinging. Polanco singled to deep left, Buxton scored. Schoop struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Gordon lined out to shortstop. Haniger doubled to left. Encarnación singled to left, Haniger to third. Vogelbach homered to right (399 feet), Haniger scored and Encarnación scored. Santana struck out swinging. Narváez lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Rosario singled to center. Cron singled to right, Rosario to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sanó doubled to left, Rosario scored, Cron to third. Castro flied out to left. Buxton flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Healy flied out to right. Crawford grounded out to first. Smith flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 11 - Mariners 6.	Twins hit 4 HRs, pound stumbling Mariners 11-6