Twins - Top 1st. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Polanco struck out looking. Schoop lined out to center. Gonzalez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. Gordon struck out swinging. Haniger struck out looking. Vogelbach popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Rosario flied out to left. Cron homered to left (372 feet). Kepler doubled to right. Sanó walked. Castro walked, Sanó to second, Kepler to third. Buxton homered to left (401 feet), Kepler scored, Sanó scored and Castro scored. Polanco lined out to center. Schoop singled to right. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third, Schoop to second. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gonzalez out at second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Encarnación singled to center. Narváez popped out to third. Healy grounded out to shortstop, Encarnación to second. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. LeBlanc pitching for Mariners. Cron homered to right center (415 feet). Kepler struck out looking. Sanó homered to left (383 feet). Markel pitching for Mariners. Castro walked. Buxton popped out to third. Polanco reached on infield single to third, Castro to second. Schoop homered to left (402 feet), Castro scored and Polanco scored. Gonzalez doubled to left. Rosario flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Crawford struck out swinging. Smith grounded out to second. Gordon lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Cron struck out swinging. Kepler walked. Sanó grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sanó safe at first on error by third baseman Healy, Kepler safe at second on error by third baseman Healy. Castro doubled to deep right, Kepler scored, Sanó to third. Buxton singled to left, Sanó scored, Castro to third. Polanco flied out to left. Schoop grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Haniger struck out swinging. Vogelbach flied out to center. Encarnación singled to right. Narváez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Wright pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez singled to center. Rosario singled to center, Gonzalez to second. Cron doubled to center, Rosario scored and Gonzalez scored. Kepler grounded out to first, Cron to third. Sanó fouled out to first, Cron scored. Castro flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Arraez at shortstop. Berrios pitching for Twins. Healy singled to right. Bruce doubled to deep right, Healy to third. Crawford singled to right, Healy scored, Bruce to third. Bruce scored on Berríos wild pitch, Crawford to second on wild pitch by Berríos. Bruce scored on Berríos wild pitch, Crawford to second on wild pitch by Berríos. Smith singled to center, Crawford to third. Gordon popped out to third. Haniger lined out to shortstop. Vogelbach singled to deep right, Crawford scored, Smith to third. Encarnación singled to left, Smith scored, Vogelbach to second. Duffey pitching for Twins. Narváez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 6th. Garton pitching for Mariners. Buxton walked. Arraez flied out to center. Schoop homered to center (397 feet), Buxton scored. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Rosario singled to center. Cron flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Healy reached on infield single to second. Bruce grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Bruce safe at first on error by shortstop Arraez, Healy safe at second on error by shortstop Arraez. Crawford struck out swinging. Smith struck out swinging. Gordon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Garton pitching for Mariners. Kepler flied out to left. Sanó flied out to center. Castro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Harper pitching for Twins. Haniger struck out swinging. Vogelbach flied out to center. Encarnación flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Beckham at third base. Murphy in left field. Healy at first base. Bruce in right field. Gearrin pitching for Mariners. Buxton popped out to second. Arraez doubled to left center. Adrianza hit for Schoop. Adrianza walked. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adrianza out at second, Arraez to third. Rosario reached on infield single to third, Arraez scored, Gonzalez to second. Cron flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Arraez at second base. Adrianza at shortstop. Adams pitching for Twins. Narváez grounded out to second. Healy popped out to shortstop. Bruce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Beckham in left field. Vogelbach at first base. Healy at first base. Murphy pitching for Mariners. Kepler flied out to center. Sanó struck out swinging. Castro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Adams pitching for Twins. Crawford struck out swinging. Smith singled to center. Gordon struck out swinging. Beckham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 18 - Mariners 4.	Twins make history with fifth five-plus-HR game