Twins - Top 1st. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Garver safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Arroyo. Polanco grounded into double play, third to second to first, Garver out at second. Astudillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 1st. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Meadows struck out swinging. Díaz walked. Lowe struck out swinging. Adames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Rosario struck out swinging. Cron singled to right center. Gonzalez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cron out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Choi doubled to right. Arroyo sacrificed to catcher, Choi to third. Kiermaier grounded out to second. Zunino struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Sanó singled to left. Schoop struck out swinging. Buxton doubled to deep right, Sanó to third. Garver singled to left, Sanó scored, Buxton to third. Polanco hit sacrifice fly to center, Buxton scored. Astudillo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Robertson fouled out to first. Meadows singled to right. Díaz flied into double play, center to first, Meadows doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Rosario grounded out to second. Cron fouled out to first. Gonzalez singled to right center. Sanó doubled to deep left, Gonzalez scored, Sanó thrown out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Lowe reached on bunt single to third. Adames lined out to right. Choi struck out looking. Arroyo fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Schoop struck out looking. Buxton singled to left. Buxton stole second, Buxton safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Choi. Garver hit by pitch. Polanco reached on bunt single to catcher, Buxton scored, Garver to second. Astudillo grounded out to first, Polanco to second, Garver to third. Rosario walked. Cron doubled to deep left center, Garver scored, Rosario scored and Polanco scored. Gonzalez popped out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Bottom 5th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Zunino struck out swinging. Robertson flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Sanó walked. Schoop grounded into double play, second to first, Sanó out at second. Buxton fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Odorizzi pitching for Twins. Meadows flied out to left. Díaz struck out swinging. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Yarbrough pitching for Rays. Garver struck out looking. Polanco singled to left. Astudillo hit by pitch, Polanco to second. Rosario grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Astudillo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Magill pitching for Twins. Adames singled to deep center. Choi singled to deep left, Adames to second. Arroyo fouled out to right, Adames to third. Kiermaier reached on infield single to shortstop, Adames scored, Choi to second. Zunino hit by pitch, Kiermaier to second, Choi to third. Robertson struck out swinging. Meadows singled to deep center, Choi scored and Kiermaier scored, Zunino to second. Díaz walked, Meadows to second, Zunino to third. Harper pitching for Twins. Lowe reached on infield single to first, Meadows scored on throwing error by second baseman Schoop and Zunino scored, Díaz to second, Díaz safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Schoop. Parker pitching for Twins. Adames struck out looking. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 8th. Roe pitching for Rays. Cron struck out looking. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Sanó doubled to deep center. Schoop homered to left center (415 feet), Sanó scored. Buxton grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Parker pitching for Twins. Choi walked. Arroyo homered to left (399 feet), Choi scored. Kiermaier struck out swinging. Zunino lined out to center. Robertson lined out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Drake pitching for Rays. Garver fouled out to third. Polanco lined out to center. Astudillo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 9th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Meadows struck out swinging. Díaz struck out swinging. Lowe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 9 - Rays 7.	Odorizzi goes 6 scoreless, Twins hang on to beat Rays 9-7