Twins - Top 1st. Junis pitching for Royals. Kepler lined out to center. Polanco doubled to right center. Cruz lined out to shortstop. Rosario grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Twins. Merrifield singled to right center. Merrifield caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Lopez walked. Dozier flied out to right. Soler walked, Lopez to second. Cuthbert doubled to left, Lopez scored, Soler to third. Soler scored on throwing error by shortstop Polanco, Arteaga safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Polanco, Cuthbert safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Polanco. Maldonado singled to right, Cuthbert scored, Arteaga to third. Gore lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 2nd. Junis pitching for Royals. Cron homered to center (424 feet). Castro flied out to right. Sanó struck out swinging. Cave hit by pitch. Schoop grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded out to third. Merrifield flied out to center. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Junis pitching for Royals. Kepler flied out to left. Polanco struck out looking. Cruz struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Twins. Dozier flied out to center. Soler grounded out to shortstop. Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Junis pitching for Royals. Rosario reached on infield single to second. Cron grounded out to shortstop, Rosario to second. Rosario to third on wild pitch by Junis. Castro walked. Sanó struck out swinging. Cave struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Twins. Arteaga grounded out to pitcher. Maldonado grounded out to shortstop. Gore reached on bunt single to third. Gore stole second. Hamilton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Junis pitching for Royals. Schoop reached on infield single to pitcher. Kepler popped out to second. Polanco struck out swinging. Cruz walked, Schoop to second. Rosario singled to right, Schoop scored, Cruz to third. Cruz scored on throwing error by catcher Maldonado, Rosario stole second. Cron fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Twins. Merrifield walked. Lopez hit by pitch, Merrifield to second. Dozier struck out swinging. Soler struck out swinging. Cuthbert homered to left (384 feet), Merrifield scored and Lopez scored. Arteaga grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Junis pitching for Royals. Castro singled to right. Sanó struck out looking. Cave struck out swinging. Schoop grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Duffey pitching for Twins. Maldonado lined out to pitcher. Gore fouled out to first. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Barlow pitching for Royals. Kepler singled to center. Polanco singled to center, Kepler to second. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Barlow, Kepler to third on wild pitch by Barlow. Cruz singled to right, Kepler scored and Polanco scored. Peralta pitching for Royals. Rosario grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. Cron struck out swinging. Castro grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Harper pitching for Twins. Merrifield flied out to left. Lopez struck out looking. Dozier flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Diekman pitching for Royals. Sano homered to right center (423 feet). Garver hit for Cave. Garver walked. Astudillo ran for Garver. Schoop singled to left, Astudillo to second. Kepler singled to right, Astudillo scored, Kepler to second, Schoop to third. López pitching for Royals. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Polanco to second, Kepler to third, Schoop out at home. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to first, Polanco to third, Kepler out at home in rundown. Rosario singled to left, Polanco scored, Cruz to second. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Rosario out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Astudillo in right field. Harper pitching for Twins. Soler homered to left (393 feet). Cuthbert singled to right. Rogers pitching for Twins. Arteaga sacrificed to catcher, Cuthbert to second. Maldonado struck out looking. Gore grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Lopez pitching for Royals. Castro flied out to left. Sanó struck out swinging. Astudillo grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 9th. Rogers pitching for Twins. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. Merrifield safe at first on error by right fielder Astudillo. Lopez lined into double play, pitcher to first, Merrifield doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Twins 8 - Royals 7.	Kepler, Rosario help rally Twins to 8-7 win over Royals