Twins - Top 1st. Cease pitching for White Sox. Arraez singled to left. Polanco singled to right, Arraez to third. Cruz singled to right, Arraez scored, Polanco to second. Rosario singled to right, Polanco scored, Cruz to second. Adrianza singled to left, Rosario to second, Cruz to third. Cave grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Adrianza to second, Rosario to third, Cruz out at home. Cron singled to center, Rosario scored and Adrianza scored. Castro struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 1st. Berrios pitching for Twins. García struck out looking. Goins singled to left. Abreu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goins out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Schoop singled to right. Arraez struck out swinging. Polanco walked, Schoop to second. Polanco to second on wild pitch by Cease, Schoop to third on wild pitch by Cease. Cruz singled to center, Schoop scored and Polanco scored. Rosario struck out swinging. Adrianza grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 2nd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Moncada grounded out to second. McCann struck out swinging. Jiménez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. Cease pitching for White Sox. Cave homered to left center (365 feet). Cron homered to center (403 feet). Osich pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Schoop struck out swinging. Arraez lined out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 3rd. Berrios pitching for Twins. Skole walked. Sánchez struck out swinging. Engel grounded into double play, third to second to first, Skole out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 4th. Osich pitching for White Sox. Polanco singled to center. Cruz fouled out to first. Rosario flied out to left. Adrianza walked, Polanco to second. Cave struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 4th. Berrios pitching for Twins. García struck out swinging. Goins walked. Abreu singled to right, Goins to second. Abreu to second on wild pitch by Berríos, Goins to third on wild pitch by Berríos. Moncada struck out swinging. McCann struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. Cordero pitching for White Sox. Cron doubled to deep center. Castro walked. Schoop singled to left, Castro to second, Cron to third. Fry pitching for White Sox. Arraez hit sacrifice fly to left, Cron scored. Polanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Schoop out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 5th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Jiménez singled to shallow left center. Skole doubled to deep left center, Jiménez to third. Sánchez singled to right, Jiménez scored, Skole to third. Engel struck out swinging. Skole scored on Berríos wild pitch, Sánchez to second on wild pitch by Berríos. García grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, García to second, Sánchez out at third in rundown. Goins grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Fry pitching for White Sox. Cruz grounded out to third. Rosario grounded out to shortstop. Adrianza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 6th. Berrios pitching for Twins. Abreu doubled to left. Moncada flied out to center. Abreu to third on wild pitch by Berríos. McCann popped out to first. Jiménez singled to right center, Abreu scored. Jiménez to second on wild pitch by Berríos. Skole struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 7th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Cave homered to right (416 feet). Cron struck out looking. Castro grounded out to pitcher. Schoop singled to right center. Arraez walked, Schoop to second. Polanco popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 7th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Sánchez singled to right. Engel reached on infield single to pitcher, Sánchez to second. García lined out to first. Goins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Engel out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Cruz walked. Rosario singled to left, Cruz to second. Adrianza struck out swinging. Rosario to second on passed ball by McCann, Cruz to third on passed ball by McCann. Cave struck out swinging. Cron struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 8th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Abreu singled to right. Moncada singled to deep right, Abreu to second. McCann popped out to first. Jiménez lined out to first. Skole grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 9th. Santiago pitching for White Sox. Castro struck out swinging. Schoop grounded out to second. Arraez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Bottom 9th. Dobnak pitching for Twins. Sánchez safe at first on error by shortstop Polanco. Engel grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Engel safe at first on error by shortstop Polanco, Sánchez to second, Sánchez safe at third on error by shortstop Polanco. García grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sánchez scored, Engel out at second. Goins grounded out to first, García to second. Abreu doubled to left, García scored. Moncada grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 2 Errors. Final score: Twins 10 - White Sox 5.	Slugging Twins set road HR record in 10-5 rout of White Sox