Astros - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Matsui singled to left. Matsui caught stealing second, catcher to second. Pence singled to center. Berkman walked, Pence to second. Lee grounded out to third, Pence to third, Berkman to second. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Schumaker grounded out to second. Rasmus walked. Pujols lined into double play, third to first, Rasmus doubled off first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Blum grounded out to first. Rodriguez singled to left. Bourn walked, Rodriguez to second. Oswalt sacrificed to pitcher, Rodriguez to third, Bourn to second. Matsui grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Duncan grounded out to first. Ankiel struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Pence reached on infield single to shortstop. Berkman struck out swinging, Pence to second on wild pitch by Wainwright. Lee walked. Tejada flied out to left. Blum flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Thurston singled to right. Ryan singled to left, Thurston to second. Wainwright sacrificed to pitcher, Thurston to third, Ryan to second. Schumaker grounded out to shortstop, Thurston scored. Rasmus bunt grounded out to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Bourn grounded out to pitcher. Oswalt grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Pujols popped out to third. Duncan struck out swinging. Ankiel singled to center. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Matsui struck out swinging. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Thurston doubled to deep left. Ryan sacrificed to pitcher, Thurston to third. Freese hit for Wainwright. Freese doubled to deep center, Thurston scored. Schumaker walked. Rasmus singled to left, Freese to third, Schumaker to second. Pujols homered to left, Freese, Schumaker and Rasmus scored. Duncan struck out swinging. Ankiel fouled out to first. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Motte pitching for Cardinals. Lee singled to center. Tejada lined out to center. Blum struck out looking. Rodriguez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Oswalt pitching for Astros. Molina singled to center. Thurston grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Molina out at second. Ryan singled to left center. Greene hit for Motte. Greene struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Cardinals. Bourn grounded out to first. Michaels hit for Oswalt. Michaels struck out looking. Matsui flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Wright pitching for Astros. Schumaker reached on infield single to shortstop. Rasmus singled to left, Schumaker to second. Pujols homered to left, Schumaker and Rasmus scored. Duncan singled to right. Ankiel singled to right, Duncan to second. Molina singled to right, Duncan to third, Ankiel to second. Thurston singled to center, Duncan scored, Ankiel to third, Molina to second. Ryan struck out swinging. Barden hit for Reyes. Barden grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thurston out at second. 4 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Schumaker in left field. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Thurston at second base. Barden at third base. Pence grounded out to third. Berkman walked. Lee grounded out to third, Berkman to second. Tejada struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Quintero catching. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Schumaker singled to center. Rasmus struck out swinging. LaRue hit for Pujols. LaRue grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Schumaker out at second. Thompson singled to left center, LaRue to third. Ankiel reached on infield single to first, LaRue scored, Thompson to second. Molina grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. LaRue at first base. Thompson pitching for Cardinals. Blum singled to left center. Quintero grounded out to shortstop, Blum to second. Bourn tripled to deep right, Blum scored. Smith hit for Hawkins. Smith hit sacrifice fly to left, Bourn scored. Matsui grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 2 - Cardinals 11.	Pujols belts slam, 3-run shot in Cards' romp