Dodgers - Top 1st. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Furcal walked. Hudson walked, Furcal to second. Ramirez singled to center, Furcal scored, Hudson to second. Ethier grounded out to first, Hudson to third, Ramirez to second. Loney grounded out to third, Hudson scored. Martin singled to left center, Ramirez scored. Kemp struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Matsui walked. Tejada grounded out to shortstop, Matsui to second. Berkman singled to left, Matsui scored. Lee singled to center, Berkman to second. Pence struck out swinging. Michaels struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 2nd. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Blake popped out to second. Kershaw walked. Furcal grounded out to third, Kershaw to second. Hudson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Keppinger grounded out to third. Ortiz lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Ramirez walked. Ethier grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ramirez out at second. Loney lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Matsui singled to center. Matsui stole second. Tejada doubled to left, Matsui scored. Berkman flied out to center. Lee homered to left, Tejada scored. Pence grounded out to third. Michaels walked. Michaels caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rodriguez batting. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Martin grounded out to third. Kemp tripled to deep center. Blake hit by pitch. Kershaw bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Blake out at second. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kershaw out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez singled to right. Keppinger singled to left, Rodriguez to second. Ortiz sacrificed to third, Rodriguez to third, Keppinger to second. Matsui fouled out to catcher. Tejada singled to right, Rodriguez and Keppinger scored, Tejada out stretching at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Hudson grounded out to second. Ramirez struck out looking. Ethier walked. Loney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Kershaw pitching for Dodgers. Berkman struck out swinging. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Lee flied out to center. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 6th. Wright pitching for Astros. Martin struck out swinging. Kemp singled to left. Blake grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kemp out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Mota pitching for Dodgers. Michaels hit ground rule double to deep center. Rodriguez sacrificed into fielder's choice to pitcher, Michaels to third. Keppinger hit by pitch, Rodriguez to second. Erstad hit for Wright. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to second, Michaels out at home, Rodriguez to third, Keppinger to second. Matsui walked, Rodriguez scored, Keppinger to third, Erstad to second. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Loretta at third base. Tejada struck out swinging. Berkman grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 7th. Fulchino pitching for Astros. Loretta flied out to center. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Hudson singled to left. Ramirez homered to center, Hudson scored. Ethier walked. Loney grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Troncoso pitching for Dodgers. Lee flied out to center. Pence grounded out to third. Michaels struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 8th. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Michaels in left field. Bourn in center field. Martin singled to center. Kemp flied out to right. Pierre hit for Troncoso. Pierre flied out to center. Loretta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Belisario pitching for Dodgers. Rodriguez singled to center. Keppinger reached on bunt single to pitcher, Rodriguez to second. Bourn sacrificed to third, Rodriguez to third, Keppinger to second. Matsui hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Tejada flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Top 9th. Blum at third base. Valverde pitching for Astros. Furcal safe at first on error by pitcher Valverde. Hudson reached on infield single to pitcher, Furcal to second. Ramirez flied out to right, Furcal to third. Ethier walked, Hudson to second. Loney struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Dodgers 5 - Astros 8.	Lee, Astros end Dodgers' eight-game win streak