Rockies - Top 1st. Moehler pitching for Astros. Fowler bunt grounded out to catcher. Barmes singled to right. Helton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Barmes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Bourn singled to left. Tejada singled to right, Bourn to second. Pence singled to right, Bourn scored, Tejada to second. Lee singled to center, Tejada to third, Pence to second. Berkman grounded out to second, Tejada scored, Pence to third, Lee to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Pence scored, Lee to third. Blum flied out to left. Maysonet walked, Rodriguez to second. Moehler grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at third, Maysonet to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Moehler pitching for Astros. Hawpe singled to center. Atkins popped out to first. Smith grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Bourn grounded out to shortstop. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Moehler pitching for Astros. Stewart struck out looking. Phillips grounded out to shortstop. Marquis grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Lee walked. Berkman flied out to center. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Blum singled to center, Lee to second. Maysonet grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blum out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Fowler flied out to left. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Helton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Moehler struck out swinging. Bourn flied out to right. Tejada lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Hawpe singled to right. Atkins flied out to right. Smith singled to right, Hawpe to second, Hawpe to third on error by right fielder Pence. Stewart homered to right, Hawpe and Smith scored. Phillips struck out swinging. Marquis flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 5th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Pence tripled to left center. Lee grounded out to pitcher. Berkman intentionally walked. Rodriguez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Berkman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Fowler doubled to center. Barmes reached on bunt single to pitcher, Fowler to third. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Fowler scored, Barmes to second. Hawpe intentionally walked. Barmes to third, Hawpe to second on wild pitch by Moehler. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Barmes out at home, Hawpe to third. Smith flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Blum singled to center. Maysonet sacrificed to pitcher, Blum to second. Michaels hit for Moehler. Michaels grounded out to shortstop, Blum to third. Bourn walked. Tejada grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Stewart struck out swinging. Phillips popped out to second. Marquis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Marquis pitching for Rockies. Pence homered to left. Lee singled to center. Flores pitching for Rockies. Berkman singled to left center, Lee to second. Peralta pitching for Rockies. Rodriguez lined out to third. Blum grounded into fielder's choice to first, Berkman out at second, Lee to third, Lee scored on error by pitcher Peralta. Maysonet struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 8th. Sampson pitching for Astros. Keppinger at second base. Fowler struck out swinging. Barmes grounded out to second. Helton doubled to deep right. Hawpe intentionally walked. Atkins flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Keppinger struck out swinging. Bourn singled to center. Tejada struck out looking, Bourn stole second. Bourn to third on passed ball by Phillips. Pence singled to right, Bourn scored. Lee grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pence out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Erstad in left field. Sampson pitching for Astros. Smith grounded out to first. Stewart singled to left. Spilborghs hit for Phillips. Spilborghs flied out to center. Murton hit for Corpas. Murton walked, Stewart to second. Fowler flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 4 - Astros 6.	Astros nip Rockies for fourth straight victory