Pirates - Top 1st. Paulino pitching for Astros. McCutchen singled to center. McCutchen to second on wild pitch by Paulino. Morgan struck out looking. Sanchez flied out to right. Ad LaRoche struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 1st. Snell pitching for Pirates. Bourn singled to center. Tejada grounded into double play, third to second to first, Bourn out at second. Pence struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Paulino pitching for Astros. An LaRoche singled to right. Moss struck out swinging. Jaramillo doubled to deep left center, An LaRoche scored. Vazquez struck out swinging. Snell struck out swinging. Ortiz pitching for Astros. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Lee safe at first on error by shortstop Vazquez. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Blum doubled to deep right. Keppinger singled to center, Blum scored. Quintero flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Ortiz pitching for Astros. McCutchen popped out to second. Morgan grounded out to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Snell pitching for Pirates. Ortiz fouled out to right. Bourn reached on infield single to second. Tejada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Ad LaRoche walked. An LaRoche grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ad LaRoche out at second. Moss singled to shallow right. Jaramillo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Pence flied out to center. Lee grounded out to shortstop. Berkman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Vazquez struck out swinging. Snell reached on infield single to shortstop. McCutchen reached on infield single to pitcher, Snell to second. Morgan lined into double play, third to second, Snell doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Blum flied out to right. Keppinger doubled to right. Quintero doubled to deep right center, Keppinger scored. Ortiz grounded out to shortstop, Quintero to third. Bourn flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Ortiz pitching for Astros. Sanchez singled to center. Ad LaRoche flied out to left. An LaRoche flied out to right. Moss grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Snell pitching for Pirates. Tejada grounded out to third. Pence walked. Pence stole second. Lee singled to right, Lee out at second, Pence scored advancing on play. Berkman doubled to deep center. Blum flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Jaramillo walked. Vazquez singled to right, Jaramillo to second. Young hit for Snell. Young singled to right, Jaramillo to third, Vazquez to second. Fulchino pitching for Astros. McCutchen grounded out to first, Jaramillo scored, Vazquez to third, Young to second. Morgan singled to shallow right center, Vazquez scored, Young to third, Morgan to second advancing on throw. Sanchez walked. Ad LaRoche grounded into double play, first to catcher to first, Young out at home. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 7th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Keppinger grounded out to third. Quintero singled to center. Kata hit for Fulchino. Kata grounded into fielder's choice to second, Quintero out at second. Bourn walked, Kata to second. Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop, Kata scored, Bourn to second. Pence struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Sampson pitching for Astros. An LaRoche grounded out to third. Moss flied out to left. Jaramillo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Jackson pitching for Pirates. Lee walked. Erstad ran for Lee. Berkman singled to right, Erstad to second. Blum flied out to right. Chavez pitching for Pirates. Keppinger struck out swinging. Quintero singled to center, Erstad scored, Berkman to third. Michaels hit for Sampson. Michaels hit ground rule double to deep right, Berkman scored, Quintero to third. Bourn popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Erstad in left field. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Vazquez struck out looking. Hinske hit for Chavez. Hinske doubled to deep center. McCutchen reached on infield single to second, Hinske to third. Morgan hit sacrifice fly to center, Hinske scored. McCutchen to second on fielder's indifference. Sanchez fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 4 - Astros 6.	Ortiz makes statement as Astros beat Pirates