Astros - Top 1st. Correia pitching for Padres. Bourn singled to center. Tejada popped out to first. Bourn stole second. Berkman walked. Lee reached on infield single to third, Bourn to third, Berkman to second. Blum singled to right, Bourn scored, Berkman to third, Lee to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Berkman scored, Blum out at second, Lee to third. Matsui flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 1st. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Cabrera popped out to second. Hairston singled to left. Gonzalez struck out looking. Kouzmanoff struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Correia pitching for Padres. Quintero grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Bourn bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 2nd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Blanks popped out to shortstop. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. Blanco doubled to deep left. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Correia pitching for Padres. Tejada singled to right. Berkman doubled to deep left, Tejada thrown out at home, Berkman to third advancing on throw. Lee singled to left, Berkman scored. Blum struck out looking. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lee out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 3rd. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Correia singled to left. Cabrera walked, Correia to second. Hairston walked, Correia to third, Cabrera to second. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Correia out at home, Cabrera to third, Hairston to second. Kouzmanoff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Correia pitching for Padres. Matsui grounded out to second. Quintero struck out swinging. Rodriguez walked. Bourn flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 4th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Blanks fouled out to catcher. Gonzalez grounded out to second. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Correia pitching for Padres. Tejada singled to right. Berkman walked, Tejada to second. Lee flied out to right. Blum homered to right, Tejada and Berkman scored. Pence grounded out to pitcher. Matsui lined out to center. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 5th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Headley hit for Correia. Headley grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera singled to center. Hairston doubled to deep left center, Cabrera scored. Gonzalez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Burke pitching for Padres. Quintero grounded out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Bourn flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 6th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Blanks struck out swinging. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Burke pitching for Padres. Tejada flied out to right. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 7th. Rodriguez pitching for Astros. Blanco grounded out to second. Rodriguez singled to left. Gwynn hit for Burke. Gwynn singled to center, Rodriguez to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to first, Rodriguez out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Adams pitching for Padres. Blum fouled out to third. Pence popped out to shortstop. Matsui struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 8th. Arias pitching for Astros. Hairston safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Blum. Gonzalez hit by pitch. Hairston stole third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Blanks grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Thatcher pitching for Padres. Quintero struck out swinging. Arias struck out swinging. Bourn singled to center. Tejada walked, Bourn to second. Berkman doubled to left center, Bourn scored, Tejada to third. Lee flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Bottom 9th. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Blanco walked. Rodriguez flied out to right. Alfonzo hit for Thatcher. Gonzalez to third, Blanco to second on wild pitch by Byrdak. Alfonzo singled to right. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gonzalez scored, Alfonzo out at second, Blanco to third. Valverde pitching for Astros. Hairston popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Padres 2.	Astros swarm Padres after bees cause delay