Pirates - Top 1st. Moehler pitching for Astros. McCutchen struck out looking. Wilson safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada. Moss grounded out to third, Wilson to second. LaRoche struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Bourn bunt popped out to first. Tejada grounded out to second. Berkman grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Moehler pitching for Astros. Jones singled to left. LaRoche grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Jones out at second. Vazquez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Lee reached on infield single to third. Pence grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lee out at second. Rodriguez singled to center. Matsui walked, Rodriguez to second. Keppinger lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Moehler pitching for Astros. Jaramillo flied out to left. Maholm struck out looking. McCutchen doubled to deep center. Wilson homered to left, McCutchen scored. Moss popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 3rd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Moehler lined out to left. Bourn walked. Tejada doubled to left, Bourn to third. Berkman grounded out to second, Bourn scored, Tejada to third. Lee grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Moehler pitching for Astros. LaRoche grounded out to first. Jones grounded out to first. LaRoche grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 4th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Pence struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to left center. Matsui grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Moehler pitching for Astros. Vazquez grounded out to third. Jaramillo grounded out to second. Maholm struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 5th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Keppinger grounded out to second. Moehler grounded out to third. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Moehler pitching for Astros. McCutchen grounded out to third. Wilson fouled out to first. Moss lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 6th. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Tejada grounded out to shortstop. Berkman singled to center. Lee flied out to center, Berkman to second. Pence singled to right, Berkman scored. Rodriguez flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Moehler pitching for Astros. LaRoche grounded out to second. Jones walked. Jones stole second. LaRoche walked. Byrdak pitching for Astros. Vazquez walked, Jones to third, LaRoche to second. Sampson pitching for Astros. Jaramillo grounded into fielder's choice to first, Jones scored on throwing error by first baseman Berkman, LaRoche to third, Vazquez to second. Young hit for Maholm. Young singled to right center, LaRoche scored, Vazquez to third, Jaramillo to second. McCutchen singled to left, Vazquez scored, Jaramillo thrown out at home, Young to second. Wilson singled to left, Young scored, McCutchen to second. Moss grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Bottom 7th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Matsui singled to center. Keppinger walked, Matsui to second. Erstad hit for Sampson. Erstad grounded into fielder's choice to first, Keppinger out at second, Matsui to third. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to second, Matsui scored, Erstad out at second. Tejada singled to right center, Bourn to third. Berkman grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Arias pitching for Astros. LaRoche struck out looking. Jones singled to right. Jones stole second. LaRoche popped out to shortstop. Vazquez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 8th. Grabow pitching for Pirates. Lee singled to left. Pence lined out to second. Rodriguez singled to center, Lee to second. Matsui walked, Lee to third, Rodriguez to second. Keppinger grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Arias pitching for Astros. Jaramillo flied out to left. Salazar hit for Grabow. Salazar flied out to right. McCutchen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Bottom 9th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Kata hit for Arias. Kata grounded out to second. Bourn grounded out to second. Tejada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 6 - Astros 3.	Wilson provides power in Pirates' win vs. Astros