Astros - Top 1st. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Bourn walked. Keppinger walked, Bourn to second. Berkman doubled to deep center, Bourn and Keppinger scored, Berkman thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. Lee popped out to pitcher. Tejada flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Bazardo pitching for Astros. Drew walked. Roberts singled to right, Drew to second. Upton singled to right, Drew to third, Roberts to second. Reynolds walked, Drew scored, Roberts to third, Upton to second. Montero grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Roberts scored, Reynolds out at second, Upton to third. Parra grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Pence struck out looking. Matsui flied out to center. Quintero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Bazardo pitching for Astros. Allen singled to right. Romero bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Allen out at second. Scherzer sacrificed to catcher, Romero to second. Drew singled to deep right, Romero scored, Drew thrown out at second attempting to advance on play. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Bazardo safe at first on error by shortstop Drew. Bourn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bazardo out at second. Keppinger homered to left, Bourn scored. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee flied out to left. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Bazardo pitching for Astros. Roberts walked. Upton singled to left, Roberts to second. Reynolds singled to center, Roberts scored, Upton to second. Montero doubled to deep left, Upton scored, Reynolds to third. Parra doubled to deep right center, Reynolds and Montero scored. Lopez pitching for Astros. Allen singled to right, Parra to third. Romero homered to right center, Parra and Allen scored. Scherzer grounded out to shortstop. Drew grounded out to pitcher. Roberts singled to center. Upton struck out swinging. 7 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 4th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Tejada grounded out to first. Pence grounded out to shortstop. Matsui doubled to deep left. Quintero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Reynolds flied out to center. Montero flied out to left. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Lopez grounded out to third. Bourn struck out swinging. Keppinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Allen doubled to deep right. Romero grounded out to shortstop. Scherzer reached on infield single to second, Allen to third. Drew reached on infield single to third, Allen scored, Scherzer to second. Roberts grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Scherzer out at third, Drew to second. Drew to third, Roberts to second on wild pitch by Lopez. Upton walked. Reynolds flied out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Scherzer pitching for Diamondbacks. Berkman struck out swinging. Lee flied out to center. Tejada hit by pitch. Pence doubled to deep left, Tejada scored. Matsui tripled to right, Pence scored. Quintero struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lopez pitching for Astros. Montero homered to left. Parra flied out to left. Allen walked. Romero struck out swinging. Hester hit for Scherzer. Hester homered to center, Allen scored. Drew flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Oeltjen in left field. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Maysonet hit for Lopez. Maysonet struck out swinging. Bourn struck out swinging. Keppinger safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Drew. Berkman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Keppinger out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Gervacio pitching for Astros. Maysonet at shortstop. Roberts grounded out to third. Upton struck out swinging. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Ojeda at shortstop. Rosales pitching for Diamondbacks. Lee flied out to left. Erstad hit for Gervacio. Erstad grounded out to second. Pence homered to left center. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Hawkins pitching for Astros. Erstad at first base. Montero grounded out to second. Oeltjen grounded out to first. Allen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 9th. Gutierrez pitching for Diamondbacks. Quintero grounded out to third. Maysonet flied out to right. Bourn singled to right. Keppinger flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Diamondbacks 14.	Hester HR in first at-bat tops D-backs' blowout