Mariners - Top 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Figgins singled to left. Gutierrez singled to center, Figgins to third. Lopez singled to left, Gutierrez thrown out at home, Gutierrez to third advancing on play. Lopez to second advancing on throw. Bradley struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Borbon flied out to left. Young grounded out to third. Hamilton walked. Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Hernandez. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Sweeney hit by pitch. Kotchman flied out to left. Johnson doubled to deep left, Sweeney to third. Ja Wilson flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cruz grounded out to third. Davis grounded out to first. Arias singled to center. Teagarden flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez singled to center. Lopez flied out to center. Bradley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Andrus flied out to right. Borbon reached on infield single to shortstop. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Borbon out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Sweeney struck out swinging. Kotchman walked. Johnson flied out to center. Ja Wilson singled to right, Kotchman to second. Suzuki struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hamilton tripled to deep left. Guerrero struck out swinging. Cruz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hamilton out at home. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Figgins grounded out to shortstop. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Arias singled to right center. Teagarden hit by pitch, Arias to second. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Arias to third, Teagarden to second. Borbon grounded into fielder's choice to, Arias scored, Teagarden scored, Borbon to first on throwing error by second baseman Figgins. Young grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Bradley popped out to first. Sweeney struck out swinging. Kotchman grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Hamilton struck out looking. Guerrero grounded out to third. Cruz homered to left (406 feet). Davis lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Johnson lined out to right. Ja Wilson singled to left center. Suzuki singled to center, Ja Wilson to second. Figgins struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Arias singled to right. Teagarden struck out swinging. Andrus singled to right, Arias to third. Borbon fouled out to third. Young flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. Bradley struck out swinging. Sweeney fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Hamilton walked. Guerrero flied out to center. Cruz flied out to right. Davis walked, Hamilton to second. Blanco flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Kotchman singled to center. Johnson walked, Kotchman to second. Ja Wilson sacrificed to first, Kotchman to third, Johnson to second. Suzuki singled to right center, Kotchman scored, Johnson to third. Griffey Jr singled to left center, Johnson scored, Suzuki to third. Gutierrez singled to left, Suzuki scored, Tuiasosopo to second. Lopez grounded into double play, third to first, Tuiasosopo out at third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Aardsma pitching for Mariners. Murphy struck out swinging. Andrus flied out to center. Borbon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 4 - Rangers 3.	Gutierrez, M's rally past Rangers, snap slide