Orioles - Top 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Patterson grounded out to second. Wigginton singled to center. Markakis singled to left, Wigginton to second. Tejada flied out to center, Wigginton to third. Scott walked, Markakis to second. Wieters grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Andrus walked. Young singled to shallow right center, Andrus to second. Kinsler singled to left, Andrus scored, Young to second. Guerrero flied out to right. Hamilton grounded out to first, Young to third, Kinsler to second. Cruz homered to left (390 feet), Young and Kinsler scored. Arias safe at first on error by second baseman Wigginton. Murphy singled to right, Arias to second. Treanor grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Jones struck out swinging. Montanez singled to center. Izturis singled to left, Montanez to third. Izturis stole second. Patterson doubled to deep right, Montanez and Izturis scored. Wigginton singled to center, Patterson scored, Wigginton to second advancing on throw. Markakis grounded out to first, Wigginton to third. Tejada lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Andrus bunt grounded out to catcher. Young struck out swinging. Kinsler singled to left. Guerrero homered to left (418 feet), Kinsler scored. Hamilton struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Scott singled to right center. Wieters struck out swinging. Jones struck out swinging. Montanez singled to center, Scott to third. Izturis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Matusz pitching for Orioles. Cruz doubled to deep right. Arias sacrificed to pitcher, Cruz to third. Murphy singled to center, Cruz scored. Berken pitching for Orioles. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Treanor out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Patterson grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton grounded out to pitcher. Markakis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Young doubled to deep left. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero popped out to second. Hamilton singled to left, Young scored, Hamilton to second advancing on throw. Cruz reached on infield single to shortstop, Hamilton to third. Arias flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Tejada doubled to right center. Scott doubled to deep right, Tejada scored. Wieters singled to center, Scott to third. Jones flied out to right. Montanez lined out to second. Izturis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Murphy popped out to shortstop. Treanor reached on infield single to third. Andrus singled to left, Treanor to second. Young flied out to right, Treanor to third, Andrus to second. Kinsler grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Patterson struck out swinging. Wigginton flied out to right. Markakis singled to right. Tejada popped out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Guerrero grounded out to third. Hamilton flied out to center. Cruz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Scott doubled to deep center. Wieters struck out looking. Jones fouled out to first. Montanez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Berken pitching for Orioles. Arias grounded out to third. Murphy singled to left. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at third. Treanor to second on wild pitch by Berken. Andrus reached on infield single to second, Treanor to third. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Andrus stole second. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 8th. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Izturis walked. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Smoak at first base. Izturis walked. Oliver pitching for Rangers. Patterson struck out swinging. Izturis stole second. Wigginton walked. Markakis walked, Izturis to third, Wigginton to second. Tejada grounded into fielder's choice to third, Izturis scored, Markakis out at second, Wigginton to third. Scott struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Meredith pitching for Orioles. Kinsler flied out to left. Guerrero singled to center. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Borbon ran for Guerrero. Hamilton singled to center, Borbon to third. Cruz singled to right, Borbon scored, Hamilton to third. Smoak singled to center, Hamilton scored, Cruz to second. Cruz to third, Smoak to second on wild pitch by Castillo. Murphy struck out swinging. Treanor homered to left (390 feet), Cruz and Smoak scored. Andrus grounded out to pitcher. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Moscoso pitching for Rangers. Tatum hit for Wieters. Tatum singled to right. Jones doubled to deep center, Tatum scored. Montanez struck out looking. Izturis hit by pitch. Patterson walked, Jones to third, Izturis to second. Wigginton struck out swinging. Markakis walked, Jones scored, Izturis to third, Patterson to second. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Tejada fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 7 - Rangers 13.	Cruz's first 4-hit game runs Rangers' streak to 4