Rays - Top 1st. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Jaso safe at first on error by shortstop Andrus. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jaso out at second. Longoria struck out swinging, Crawford stole second. Zobrist grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Shields pitching for Rays. Andrus doubled to deep right center. Young grounded out to second, Andrus to third. Kinsler safe at first on error by third baseman Longoria, Andrus scored. Kinsler to second on wild pitch by Shields. Guerrero grounded out to third, Kinsler to third. Hamilton homered to right (414 feet), Kinsler scored. Murphy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rays - Top 2nd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Pena grounded out to first. Blalock doubled to deep right. Blalock caught stealing third, pitcher to third. Rodriguez homered to right (395 feet). Brignac struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Shields pitching for Rays. Smoak reached on infield single to third. Ramirez singled to center, Smoak to third. Borbon struck out looking. Andrus grounded out to first, Smoak scored, Ramirez to second. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 3rd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Upton lined out to third. Jaso grounded out to second. Crawford grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Shields pitching for Rays. Kinsler walked. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 4th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Longoria doubled to deep right. Zobrist grounded out to second, Longoria to third. Pena struck out swinging, Longoria to third, Pena to first on passed ball. Blalock popped out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Shields pitching for Rays. Murphy popped out to second. Smoak lined out to second. Ramirez safe at first on error by second baseman Rodriguez. Borbon singled to right, Ramirez to third. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rays - Top 5th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Rodriguez flied out to center. Brignac reached on infield single to third. Upton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Brignac out at second. Upton stole second. Upton safe at third on throwing error by catcher Ramirez. Jaso grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Shields pitching for Rays. Young grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler grounded out to third. Guerrero doubled to deep right center. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 6th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Crawford flied out to right. Longoria struck out looking. Zobrist reached on infield single to second. Pena grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Shields pitching for Rays. Murphy singled to right. Murphy to second on wild pitch by Shields. Smoak struck out swinging. Ramirez singled to left, Murphy to third. Borbon sacrificed to third, Murphy scored, Ramirez to second. Andrus tripled to deep right, Ramirez scored. Young grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Blalock fouled out to third. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Brignac flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Shields pitching for Rays. Kinsler singled to right center. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kinsler out at second. Hamilton grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 8th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Upton grounded out to third. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Rays. Murphy struck out swinging. Smoak walked. Ramirez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Smoak out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Top 9th. Gentry in left field. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Longoria flied out to right. Zobrist safe at first on error by first baseman Smoak. Pena grounded out to first, Zobrist to second. Blalock lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rays 1 - Rangers 6.	Hunter goes 9 as Hamilton's HR downs Rays