Mariners - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to left. Bradley struck out looking. Gutierrez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Andrus singled to center. Young singled to left, Andrus to second. Kinsler grounded out to third, Andrus to third, Young to second. Guerrero struck out swinging. Hamilton doubled to deep left, Andrus and Young scored. Murphy struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Lopez flied out to center. Carp struck out looking. Jo Wilson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Smoak walked. Ramirez flied out to right. Borbon singled to right, Smoak to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Borbon out at second, Smoak to third. Young grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Johnson safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Saunders walked, Johnson to second. Johnson caught stealing third, catcher to third, Saunders to second on runner's fielder's choice. Figgins walked. Suzuki grounded out to second, Saunders to third, Figgins to second. Bradley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler flied out to right. Guerrero grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez singled to center. Lopez walked, Gutierrez to second. Carp flied out to center. Jo Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second, Gutierrez to third. Johnson singled to left center, Gutierrez scored, Jo Wilson to second. Saunders flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Murphy popped out to third. Smoak walked. Ramirez struck out swinging. Borbon struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Figgins grounded out to first. Suzuki struck out looking. Bradley struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Young grounded out to third. Kinsler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Gutierrez singled to left center. Lopez grounded out to second, Gutierrez to second. Carp flied out to center, Gutierrez to third. Jo Wilson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Guerrero grounded out to third. Hamilton hit by pitch. Murphy singled to center, Hamilton to third. Smoak singled to right, Hamilton scored, Murphy to third. Ramirez walked, Smoak to second. Borbon grounded into fielder's choice to first, Murphy out at home, Smoak to third, Ramirez to second. Andrus doubled to deep center, Smoak and Ramirez scored, Borbon to third. Young grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Johnson doubled to deep center. Saunders struck out swinging. Figgins flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Kinsler hit by pitch. Guerrero homered to left (437 feet), Kinsler scored. Olson pitching for Mariners. Hamilton grounded out to second. Murphy walked. Smoak struck out swinging. Ramirez safe at first on error by shortstop Jo Wilson, Murphy to second. Borbon flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 8th. Blanco at second base. Ray pitching for Rangers. Bradley grounded out to first. Gutierrez flied out to right. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Cordero pitching for Mariners. Andrus singled to left. Young flied out to right. Blanco flied out to left. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Arias at second base. Blanco at third base. O'Day pitching for Rangers. Carp popped out to third. Jo Wilson flied out to left. Johnson grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 1 - Rangers 7.	Lewis bests Hernandez as Rangers beat M's