Pirates - Top 1st. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Tabata struck out looking. Walker flied out to center. McCutchen walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Andrus walked. Young homered to left (396 feet), Andrus scored. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop. Guerrero walked. Murphy singled to right, Guerrero to third. Cruz walked, Murphy to second. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Guerrero out at home, Murphy to third, Cruz to second. Treanor flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Church singled to right. Alvarez struck out swinging. Doumit struck out swinging, Church stole second. Young doubled to deep center, Church scored. Crosby singled to right, Young to third, Crosby to second advancing on throw. Tabata struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Maholm pitching for Pirates. Borbon walked. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to second, Borbon safe at second on error by second baseman Walker. Young singled to right, Borbon to third, Andrus to second. Kinsler singled to left, Borbon scored, Andrus to third, Young to second. Guerrero singled to right, Andrus scored, Young to third, Kinsler to second. Murphy singled to right, Young scored, Kinsler to third, Guerrero to second. Cruz singled to left, Kinsler scored, Guerrero to third, Murphy to second. Eveland pitching for Pirates. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Guerrero out at home, Murphy to third, Cruz to second. Treanor hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored, Cruz to third. Borbon grounded out to second. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 3rd. Nippert pitching for Rangers. Walker flied out to right. McCutchen struck out swinging. Jones walked. Church walked, Jones to second. Alvarez singled to left, Jones scored, Church to second. Doumit walked, Church to third, Alvarez to second. Young struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Eveland pitching for Pirates. Andrus reached on bunt single to first. Young flied out to center, Andrus to second. Kinsler flied out to center, Andrus to third. Guerrero intentionally walked. Murphy flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Tabata flied out to right. Walker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Eveland pitching for Pirates. Cruz struck out swinging. Smoak singled to right. Treanor grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Smoak out at second. Borbon reached on infield single to pitcher, Treanor to second. Andrus singled to right, Treanor scored, Borbon to third. Young doubled to deep left, Borbon and Andrus scored. Kinsler doubled to deep left, Young scored. Guerrero hit by pitch. Murphy walked, Kinsler to third, Guerrero to second. Cruz singled to center, Kinsler and Guerrero scored, Murphy to second. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Smoak grounded out to second. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. McCutchen struck out swinging. Jones fouled out to third. Church lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Carrasco pitching for Pirates. Treanor grounded out to shortstop. Borbon grounded out to first. Andrus singled to right. Blanco hit for Young. Blanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Blanco at third base. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Alvarez grounded out to shortstop. Doumit grounded out to pitcher. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Hanrahan pitching for Pirates. Kinsler flied out to left. Guerrero grounded out to third. Murphy lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Crosby doubled to deep center. Tabata singled to right, Crosby to third. Walker hit sacrifice fly to center, Crosby scored. Milledge hit for McCutchen. Milledge struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Tabata in center field. Milledge in left field. Lopez pitching for Pirates. Cruz singled to right center. Smoak struck out swinging. Treanor lined out to center. Borbon reached on infield single to first, Cruz to second. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Borbon out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Arias at second base. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Church struck out swinging. Alvarez lined out to right. Doumit grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Meek pitching for Pirates. Blanco walked. Arias popped out to first. Ramirez hit for Guerrero. Ramirez struck out looking. Murphy grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. LaRoche hit for Young. Harrison pitching for Rangers. LaRoche struck out looking. Crosby flied out to right. Tabata grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Rangers 13.	Rangers run win streak to 10