Athletics - Top 1st. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Crisp flied out to center. Barton grounded out to second. Suzuki singled to left. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Andrus grounded out to first. Young grounded out to second. Hamilton doubled to deep left. Guerrero reached on infield single to second, Hamilton scored. Cantu walked, Guerrero to second. Murphy doubled to deep center, Guerrero and Cantu scored. Treanor grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff flied out to center. Larish grounded out to pitcher. Ellis popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Athletics. Blanco reached on infield single to catcher. Blanco to second on wild pitch by Anderson. Borbon reached on infield single to second, Blanco to third. Andrus reached on infield single to pitcher, Blanco scored, Borbon to second. Young grounded into double play, third to second to first, Andrus out at second, Borbon to third. Hamilton walked. Guerrero fouled out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Davis flied out to center. Pennington singled to center. Pennington stole second. Crisp struck out looking. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Bonser pitching for Athletics. Cantu flied out to right. Murphy struck out swinging. Treanor grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Suzuki doubled to deep left. Cust grounded out to first, Suzuki to third. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Larish grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Bonser pitching for Athletics. Blanco reached on infield single to second. Borbon singled to left, Blanco to second. Andrus sacrificed to pitcher, Blanco to third, Borbon to second. Young doubled to center, Blanco and Borbon scored. Hamilton singled to right, Young scored. Guerrero grounded out to third, Hamilton to second. Cantu grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Ellis flied out to center. Davis walked. Pennington fouled out to second, Davis to second. Crisp grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Bonser pitching for Athletics. Murphy struck out swinging. Treanor singled to left. Blanco flied out to left. Treanor caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Borbon batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Barton grounded out to first. Suzuki flied out to left. Cust doubled to deep right. Kouzmanoff homered to center (426 feet), Cust scored. Larish struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Bonser pitching for Athletics. Borbon singled to right. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Borbon out at second. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Ellis grounded out to shortstop. Davis singled to center. Pennington grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Bonser pitching for Athletics. Hamilton singled to center. Guerrero walked, Hamilton to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Cantu popped out to shortstop. Murphy reached on infield single to third, Hamilton to third, Guerrero to second. Treanor lined into double play, second to shortstop, Guerrero doubled off second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Hunter pitching for Rangers. Crisp flied out to left. Barton homered to right (375 feet). Suzuki lined out to third. Cust walked. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Bailey pitching for Athletics. Blanco doubled to deep right center. Borbon grounded out to second, Blanco to third. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Blanco out at home. Young struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Larish walked. Feliz pitching for Rangers. Ellis flied out to left. Davis singled to right, Larish to second. Pennington fouled out to third. Crisp flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Rangers 7.	Hamilton backs Hunter as Rangers rock A's