Athletics - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Crisp struck out swinging. Barton grounded out to first. Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Young. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Blanco flied out to center. Young grounded out to shortstop. Hamilton walked. Guerrero popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Ellis grounded out to first. Larish grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cantu struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Molina singled to center. Cora grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Davis doubled to right. Pennington reached on bunt single to third, Davis to third. Crisp walked, Pennington to second. Barton hit sacrifice fly to center, Davis scored, Pennington to third. Suzuki struck out swinging. Cust popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Borbon reached on bunt single to second. Blanco sacrificed to catcher, Borbon to second. Young lined out to right. Hamilton singled to center, Borbon scored. Guerrero flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff struck out swinging. Ellis homered to left (401 feet). Larish flied out to left. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cantu struck out swinging. Murphy singled to center. Molina grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Pennington singled to left. Crisp struck out looking. Pennington stole second. Barton walked. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Pennington scored on throwing error by pitcher Lewis, Barton safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Lewis. Cust grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Suzuki out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Cora fouled out to catcher. Borbon flied out to center. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Kouzmanoff homered to center (433 feet). Ellis flied out to center. Larish singled to left center. Gross ran for Larish. Davis singled to left, Gross to third. Pennington sacrificed to pitcher, Gross scored, Davis to second. Crisp singled to center, Davis scored. Barton walked, Crisp to second. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Gross in right field. Davis in left field. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Young grounded out to second. Hamilton homered to right (427 feet). Guerrero lined out to center. Cantu struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Kirkman pitching for Rangers. Cust singled to center. Kouzmanoff fouled out to first. Ellis flied out to right. Gross struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Breslow pitching for Athletics. Murphy flied out to center. Molina flied out to right. Cora flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out looking. Pennington walked. Crisp singled to center, Pennington to second. Pennington caught stealing third, catcher to third, Crisp to second on runner's fielder's choice. Barton flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Andrew Breslow pitching for Athletics. Borbon grounded out to third. Blanco struck out swinging. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Suzuki flied out to center. Cust walked. Kouzmanoff singled to left, Cust to second. Ellis singled to left, Cust to third, Kouzmanoff to second. Gross hit sacrifice fly to center, Cust scored, Kouzmanoff to third, Ellis to second. Davis grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Carson in right field. Wuertz pitching for Athletics. Hamilton grounded out to first. Guerrero singled to left. Cantu grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guerrero out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Rangers 2.	Gonzalez steers A's to cut Rangers' lead in West