Mariners - Top 1st . Hanson pitching for Angels . Chavez doubled to deep right center . Franklin singled to center , Chavez scored . Seager homered to right ( 423 feet ) , Franklin scored . Morales grounded out to first . Ibanez struck out swinging . Smoak walked . Saunders flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Aybar grounded out to second . Trout singled to right . Trout stole second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Trumbo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Hanson pitching for Angels . Blanco struck out looking . Ryan flied out to left . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . Callaspo lined out to shortstop . Hamilton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Hanson pitching for Angels . Franklin walked . Seager doubled to right , Franklin to third . Morales singled to center , Franklin scored , Seager to third . Ibanez singled to right , Seager scored , Morales to third . Richards pitching for Angels . Smoak grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Morales scored , Ibanez out at second . Saunders singled to center , Smoak to second . Blanco walked , Smoak to third , Saunders to second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Smoak scored , Blanco out at second , Saunders to third . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Iannetta singled to left . Iannetta to second on passed ball by Blanco . Bourjos flied out to center , Iannetta to third . Aybar grounded out to first , Iannetta scored . Trout singled to left . Pujols struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Richards pitching for Angels . Franklin flied out to left . Seager singled to right . Morales grounded out to shortstop , Seager to second . Ibanez singled to left center , Seager scored . Smoak flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Trumbo struck out looking . Kendrick singled to right . Callaspo reached on infield single to pitcher , Kendrick to second , Kendrick to third on throwing error by pitcher Hernandez . Callaspo to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Hamilton hit sacrifice fly to center , Kendrick scored . Iannetta popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Richards pitching for Angels . Saunders struck out looking . Blanco struck out swinging . Ryan walked . Chavez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Bourjos homered to left ( 431 feet ) . Aybar singled to right . Trout singled to center , Aybar to third . Pujols singled to center , Aybar scored , Trout to second . Trumbo homered to center ( 426 feet ) , Trout and Pujols scored . Kendrick singled to left , Kendrick out stretching at second . Callaspo singled to right center . Hamilton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Callaspo out at second . Hamilton to second on wild pitch by Hernandez . Iannetta grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Franklin struck out swinging . Seager grounded out to second . Morales grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Bourjos singled to center . Aybar sacrificed to third , Bourjos to second . Trout intentionally walked . Pujols singled to right center , Bourjos scored , Trout to third . Trumbo struck out swinging . Kendrick struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . De La Rosa pitching for Angels . Ibanez struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . Saunders doubled to deep left center . Blanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Callaspo walked . Hamilton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Callaspo out at second . Iannetta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Jepsen pitching for Angels . Ryan singled to center . Chavez sacrificed to catcher , Ryan to second . Franklin flied out to center , Ryan to third . Downs pitching for Angels . Seager doubled to right , Ryan scored . Morales intentionally walked . Ibanez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Capps pitching for Mariners . Bourjos singled to center . Bourjos stole second , Bourjos safe at third on throwing error by catcher Blanco . Aybar singled to right , Bourjos scored . Trout singled to left , Aybar to third . Medina pitching for Mariners . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Aybar out at home , Pujols to second , Trout to second , Trout to third advancing on throw . Trumbo intentionally walked . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Trout out at home , Pujols to third , Trumbo to second . Callaspo walked , Pujols scored , Trumbo to third , Kendrick to second . Perez pitching for Mariners . Hamilton struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Frieri pitching for Angels . Smoak flied out to right . Saunders struck out swinging . Morse hit for Blanco . Morse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Angels 10 .	Angels rally from 7 down to top Felix , M 's