Mariners - Top 1st . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Franklin grounded out to pitcher . Ibanez homered to right ( 385 feet ) . Morales homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Seager singled to right . Smoak grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Kinsler lined out to shortstop . Andrus grounded out to third . Cruz grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Ackley flied out to center . Zunino flied out to right . Miller lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Beltre singled to center . Pierzynski struck out swinging . Moreland singled to left center , Beltre to second . Profar struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Chavez grounded out to second . Franklin grounded out to second . Ibanez walked . Morales struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Martin reached on bunt single to pitcher . Martin stole second . Kinsler singled to left , Martin to third . Andrus singled to left center , Martin scored , Kinsler to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Beltre grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Andrus out at second , Kinsler to third . Pierzynski grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Seager doubled to deep right . Smoak walked . Ackley doubled to deep right , Seager scored , Smoak to third . Zunino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Smoak out at home . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Zunino out at second , Ackley to third . Chavez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Moreland lined out to right . Profar hit by pitch . Murphy singled to center , Profar to second . Martin grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Murphy out at second , Profar to third . Kinsler walked , Martin to second . Andrus grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Grimm pitching for Rangers . Franklin singled to right . Ibanez safe at first on error by second baseman Kinsler , Franklin to third . Morales homered to right ( 364 feet ) , Franklin and Ibanez scored . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Seager grounded out to shortstop . Smoak flied out to left . Ackley grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Cruz singled to center . Beltre flied out to right . Pierzynski grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Zunino lined out to first . Miller grounded out to first . Chavez singled to center . Franklin singled to left , Chavez to second . Ibanez walked , Chavez to third , Franklin to second . Morales singled to left , Chavez and Franklin scored , Ibanez to second , Ibanez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Moreland struck out swinging . Profar singled to right . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wolf pitching for Rangers . Seager hit by pitch . Smoak grounded out to first , Seager to second . Ackley grounded out to pitcher , Seager to third . Zunino singled to left , Seager scored . Miller singled to right , Zunino to third . Miller to second on wild pitch by Wolf . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Saunders pitching for Mariners . Martin struck out swinging . Kinsler grounded out to third . Andrus singled to right center . Cruz singled to center , Andrus to third . Medina pitching for Mariners . Beltre ran for Cruz . Beltre struck out swinging , Beltre safe at first on passed ball by Zunino , Andrus scored , Beltre to second on passed ball . Pierzynski grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Beltre in right field . Chirinos at third base . Lindblom pitching for Rangers . Franklin struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to second . Morales grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Perez pitching for Mariners . Moreland flied out to right . Profar safe at first on error by second baseman Franklin . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Profar out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 9th . Lindblom pitching for Rangers . Seager struck out swinging . Smoak doubled to right . Ackley struck out swinging . Zunino grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Martin singled to center . Kinsler flied out to left . Andrus lined into double play , shortstop to first , Martin doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 9 - Rangers 2 .	Morales hits 2 HRs as Mariners rout Rangers