Indians - Top 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Bourn lined out to center . Swisher struck out swinging . Kipnis doubled to deep right center . Cabrera singled to center , Kipnis scored . Brantley struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . McAllister pitching for Indians . Miller fouled out to third . Franklin walked . Ibanez popped out to shortstop . Morales safe at first on error by second baseman Kipnis , Franklin to second . Seager doubled to right , Franklin scored , Morales to third . Smoak fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Indians - Top 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Santana struck out swinging . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . Chisenhall singled to left . Gomes homered to left ( 420 feet ) , Chisenhall scored . Bourn singled to left . Swisher struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Saunders struck out swinging . Zunino walked . Ackley lined out to third , Zunino to second on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall . Miller walked . Franklin flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Top 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Kipnis flied out to center . Cabrera singled to left center . Brantley walked , Cabrera to second . Santana flied out to left , Cabrera to third . Reynolds grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . McAllister pitching for Indians . Ibanez doubled to deep center . Morales hit ground rule double to deep left center , Ibanez scored . Seager singled to right center , Morales thrown out at home . Smoak struck out swinging . Saunders doubled to center , Seager to third . Seager scored , Saunders to third on wild pitch by McAllister . Zunino singled to right , Saunders scored . Ackley grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Chisenhall grounded out to first . Gomes flied out to left . Bourn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Miller flied out to left . Franklin lined out to left . Ibanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Swisher singled to left . Kipnis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Swisher out at second . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . McAllister pitching for Indians . Morales grounded out to second . Seager singled to right center . Smoak singled to right center , Seager to third . Saunders struck out swinging . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Brantley singled to center . Santana grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Brantley out at second . Reynolds walked . Medina pitching for Mariners . Chisenhall fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Albers pitching for Indians . Ackley grounded out to second . Miller grounded out to pitcher . Franklin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Gomes reached on infield single to third . Bourn flied out to left . Swisher struck out looking . Kipnis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Albers pitching for Indians . Ibanez flied out to left . Morales singled to right . Seager grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morales out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Chavez in left field . Medina pitching for Mariners . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Brantley grounded out to first . Santana lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Allen pitching for Indians . Smoak struck out swinging . Saunders grounded out to first . Zunino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Mariners . Reynolds singled to left center . Stubbs ran for Reynolds . Chisenhall singled to center , Stubbs to third . Aviles ran for Chisenhall . Gomes grounded into double play , third to second to catcher to shortstop , Aviles out at second , Stubbs out at home , Gomes to first . Bourn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Mariners 4 .	M 's hold on vs. Indians for 8th straight win