Blue Jays - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Mariners . Reyes grounded out to pitcher . Bonifacio lined out to left . Bautista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Miller reached on infield single to third . Franklin tripled to deep right center , Miller scored . Seager grounded out to first , Franklin scored . Morales popped out to second . Morse walked . Saunders flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion walked . Lind walked , Encarnacion to second . Rasmus flied out to left . Lawrie singled to right , Encarnacion scored , Lind to third . DeRosa walked , Lawrie to second . Thole hit ground rule double to left , Lind and Lawrie scored , DeRosa to third . Reyes grounded out to second , DeRosa scored , Thole to third . Bonifacio reached on bunt single to third , Thole scored . Bautista flied out to right . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Smoak grounded out to third . Ackley struck out looking . Quintero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Lind homered to right ( 397 feet ) . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Rasmus grounded out to third . Lawrie walked . Lawrie caught stealing second , catcher to second . DeRosa struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Miller singled to left . Franklin walked , Miller to second . Seager struck out looking . Morales flied out to center , Miller to third , Franklin to second . Morse grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Thole grounded out to first . Reyes singled to left center . Bonifacio grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Reyes out at second . Bautista walked , Bonifacio to second . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders singled to center . Saunders to second on wild pitch by Happ . Smoak flied out to center . Ackley singled to left center , Saunders to third . Quintero grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saunders scored , Ackley out at second . Miller grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Lind singled to center . Rasmus fouled out to third . Lawrie walked , Lind to second . DeRosa flied out to center . Thole struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Happ pitching for Blue Jays . Franklin safe at second on error by third baseman Lawrie . Seager singled to left , Franklin to third . Morales hit ground rule double to deep left , Franklin scored , Seager to third . Morse walked . Loup pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Seager scored , Morse out at second , Morales to third . Smoak doubled to deep left center , Morales and Saunders scored . Smoak to third on wild pitch by Loup . Ackley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Smoak out at home . Quintero homered to left ( 397 feet ) , Ackley scored . Miller grounded out to pitcher . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Maurer pitching for Mariners . Reyes flied out to right . Bonifacio walked . Bautista singled to left center , Bonifacio to second . Encarnacion walked , Bonifacio to third , Bautista to second . Furbush pitching for Mariners . Lind struck out swinging . Rasmus grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Franklin flied out to left . Seager flied out to center . Morales walked . Morse flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Lawrie flied out to center . DeRosa doubled to deep center . Thole grounded out to second , DeRosa to third . Reyes grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays . Saunders walked . Smoak flied out to left . Ackley singled to right , Saunders to second . Quintero walked , Saunders to third , Ackley to second . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Saunders out at home , Ackley to third , Quintero to second . Franklin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Bonifacio struck out looking . Bautista grounded out to first . Encarnacion singled to left . Lind walked , Encarnacion to second . Davis ran for Lind . Perez pitching for Mariners . Encarnacion to third , Davis to second on passed ball by Quintero . Rasmus grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Oliver pitching for Blue Jays . Seager lined out to shortstop . Morales singled to center . Ryan ran for Morales . Morse grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ryan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Chavez in right field . Farquhar pitching for Mariners . Lawrie grounded out to shortstop . DeRosa struck out swinging . Thole singled to center . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 7 - Mariners 9 .	Mariners spoil Happ 's return , rally past Jays