Brewers - Top 1st . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura grounded out to third . Lucroy singled to left . Gomez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Miller grounded out to first . Franklin struck out swinging . Seager fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Gindl fouled out to third . Davis struck out swinging . Francisco walked . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francisco out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Morales struck out swinging . Morse singled to left . Saunders struck out swinging . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Gennett grounded out to second . Aoki grounded out to pitcher . Segura grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Ackley singled to left . Quintero lined out to right . Miller fouled out to second . Franklin flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Lucroy singled to left . Gomez lined into double play , third to first , Lucroy doubled off first . Gindl grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Seager fouled out to third . Morales grounded out to second . Morse grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Davis struck out swinging . Francisco flied out to center . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Saunders flied out to center . Smoak struck out looking . Ackley doubled to deep left center . Quintero fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Gennett bunt grounded out to third . Aoki grounded out to second . Segura doubled to deep center . Lucroy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Miller grounded out to third . Franklin walked . Seager grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Franklin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Iwakuma pitching for Mariners . Gomez reached on bunt single to first . Gindl reached on infield single to shortstop , Gomez to third . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gomez scored , Gindl to third . Francisco doubled to deep center , Gindl scored , Davis to third . Betancourt singled to left center , Davis scored , Francisco to third . Gennett homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Francisco and Betancourt scored . Aoki struck out swinging . Segura grounded out to pitcher . Lucroy singled to left . Medina pitching for Mariners . Gomez struck out looking . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Gorzelanny pitching for Brewers . Morales grounded out to shortstop . Morse struck out swinging . Saunders walked . Smoak safe at first on error by first baseman Francisco , Saunders to third . Ackley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 8th . Medina pitching for Mariners . Gindl walked . Davis struck out swinging . Gindl caught stealing second , catcher to second . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Francisco singled to right . Francisco to second on wild pitch by Luetge . Betancourt struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Brewers . Quintero grounded out to third . Miller struck out swinging . Franklin reached on infield single to second . Seager walked , Franklin to second . Morales grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 9th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Gennett singled to center . Aoki singled to right , Gennett to second . Segura flied out to right , Gennett to third . Lucroy singled to right , Gennett scored , Aoki to second . Gomez doubled to center , Aoki scored , Lucroy to third . Gindl singled to right , Lucroy scored , Gomez to third . Capps pitching for Mariners . Davis hit sacrifice fly to center , Gomez scored . Francisco reached on infield single to second , Gindl to second . Betancourt grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Francisco out at second . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 9th . Thornburg pitching for Brewers . Schafer in center field . Morse grounded out to second . Saunders lined out to center . Smoak struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 10 - Mariners 0 .	Brewers ambush Mariners on Griffey 's night