Mariners - Top 1st . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Ackley walked . Almonte flied out to left . Seager lined out to left . Morales lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Carpenter grounded out to first . Jay singled to right center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jay out at second . Beltran flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Gutierrez grounded out to third . Saunders flied out to center . Quintero grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Molina homered to left ( 401 feet ) . Adams grounded out to second . Freese struck out swinging . Descalso grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Triunfel grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to third . Ackley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Miller grounded out to pitcher . Carpenter singled to center . Jay grounded out to second , Carpenter to second . Holliday popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Almonte doubled to center . Seager grounded out to first , Almonte to third . Morales walked . Gutierrez singled to center , Almonte scored , Morales to second . Saunders popped out to shortstop . Quintero struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Ramirez pitching for Mariners . Beltran grounded out to first . Molina reached on infield single to shortstop . Adams singled to center , Molina to second . Freese hit by pitch , Molina to third , Adams to second . Descalso singled to left , Molina scored , Adams to third , Freese to second . Miller fouled out to first . Carpenter singled to left center , Adams and Freese scored , Descalso to second . Jay hit by pitch , Descalso to third , Carpenter to second . Holliday reached on infield single to pitcher , Descalso scored , Carpenter to third , Jay to second . Beltran grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Triunfel fouled out to first . Chavez hit for Ramirez . Chavez safe at first on error by shortstop Descalso . Ackley singled to center , Chavez to third . Almonte hit sacrifice fly to center , Chavez scored . Ackley caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Seager batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Capps pitching for Mariners . Molina singled to left . Adams homered to center ( 431 feet ) , Molina scored . Freese doubled to deep center . LaFromboise pitching for Mariners . Descalso doubled to deep right , Freese scored . Peterson hit for Miller . Peterson grounded out to third , Descalso to third . Carpenter grounded out to pitcher . Jay singled to center , Descalso scored . Holliday singled to center , Jay to third . Beltran lined out to third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Choate pitching for Cardinals . Seager struck out swinging . Morales grounded out to second . Gutierrez singled to left . Saunders struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Ackley in left field . Ruffin pitching for Mariners . Franklin at second base . Molina singled to right . Adams struck out looking . Freese hit by pitch , Molina to second . Descalso grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freese out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Axford pitching for Cardinals . Quintero grounded out to second . Triunfel singled to left . Franklin grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Triunfel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Wong hit for Axford . Ruffin pitching for Mariners . Wong singled to center . Carpenter singled to right , Wong to third . Jay flied out to left . Holliday doubled to left center , Wong scored , Carpenter to third . Beltran singled to right , Carpenter and Holliday scored . Chambers ran for Beltran . Molina flied out to right . Adams struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Perez catching . Robinson in right field . Chambers in left field . Freeman pitching for Cardinals . Wong at second base . Ackley flied out to left . Almonte grounded out to pitcher . Seager flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Luetge pitching for Mariners . Jackson hit for Freese . Jackson lined out to center . Descalso grounded out to second . Wong lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Jackson at third base . Morales flied out to center . Gutierrez flied out to center . Zunino hit for Luetge . Zunino struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 2 - Cardinals 12 .	Molina busts out with 4 hits as Cards cruise