Tigers - Top 1st . Shields pitching for White Sox . Martín grounded out to first . Candelario flied out to left . Cabrera singled to center . Castellanos singled to left , Cabrera to second . Martínez walked , Cabrera to third , Castellanos to second . McCann popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Moncada flied out to left . García singled to shallow right center . Abreu flied out to left . Davidson walked , García to second . Sánchez tripled to deep right , García and Davidson scored . García popped out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Mahtook grounded out to third . Iglesias lined out to center . Machado doubled to left . Martín singled to right , Machado scored . Martín caught stealing , catcher to shortstop . Candelario batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Goodrum at first base . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to left . Anderson stole second . Narváez grounded out to second , Anderson to third . Engel hit sacrifice fly to center , Anderson scored . Moncada struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for White Sox . Candelario grounded out to first . Goodrum safe at first on error by first baseman Abreu . Goodrum stole second . Castellanos flied out to right , Goodrum to third . Martínez lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to shortstop . Abreu flied out to center . Davidson singled to left . Sánchez singled to right , Davidson to second . García singled to center , Davidson scored , Sánchez to second , Sánchez thrown out at third attempting to advance on play . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Shields pitching for White Sox . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook popped out to first . Iglesias singled to left . Machado doubled to deep left center , Iglesias scored . Martín lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez doubled to right center . Engel popped out to third . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Shields pitching for White Sox . Candelario grounded out to first . Goodrum singled to left center . Castellanos grounded out to third , Goodrum to second . Martínez singled to right , Goodrum scored . McCann struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Zimmermann pitching for Tigers . García doubled to left . Abreu grounded out to third . Davidson doubled to deep right center , García scored . Saupold pitching for Tigers . Sánchez tripled to right center , Davidson scored . García grounded out to pitcher . Anderson walked . Norris pitching for Tigers . Narváez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Farquhar pitching for White Sox . Mahtook struck out swinging . Iglesias struck out swinging . Machado lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Engel struck out swinging . Moncada grounded out to shortstop . García struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Farquhar pitching for White Sox . Martín struck out swinging . Avilán pitching for White Sox . Candelario struck out swinging . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Abreu struck out swinging . Davidson walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . García doubled to center , Davidson scored . Anderson walked . Narváez struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Jones pitching for White Sox . Castellanos singled to right center . Martínez singled to center , Castellanos to second . McCann singled to right , Castellanos to third , Martínez to second . Mahtook hit sacrifice fly to center , Castellanos scored . Iglesias grounded into double play , third to first , Martínez out at third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Engel lined out to center . Moncada struck out swinging . García flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Soria pitching for White Sox . Machado grounded out to third . Martín singled to center . Candelario popped out to shortstop . Martín to second on fielder 's indifference . Goodrum homered to right ( 393 feet ) , Martín scored . Castellanos singled to right . Martínez doubled to left , Castellanos scored . Jones ran for Martínez . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Jones ran for Martínez . McCann grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Abreu flied out to center . Davidson grounded out to first . Sánchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 10th . Infante pitching for White Sox . Mahtook singled to right . Iglesias walked , Mahtook to second . Machado flied out to right , Mahtook to third . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Martín grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mahtook scored , Iglesias to second . Candelario singled to left , Iglesias scored , Martín to second . Goodrum grounded into double play , pitcher to third to first , Martín out at third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 10th . Greene pitching for Tigers . García struck out swinging . Anderson struck out swinging . Narváez walked . Delmonico hit for Engel . Delmonico hit by pitch , Narváez to second . Saladino ran for Narváez . Moncada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 9 - White Sox 7 .	Goodrum homers , Tigers rally late , beat White Sox 9 - 7 in 10