Tigers - Top 1st . Bauer pitching for Indians . Martín grounded out to first . Candelario struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Lindor homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Kipnis doubled to deep right center . Ramírez grounded out to second , Kipnis to third . Brantley grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kipnis scored on throwing error by catcher Hicks . Encarnación struck out swinging . Alonso grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . Martínez singled to shallow right center . Hicks flied out to center . Jones walked , Martínez to second . Iglesias hit by pitch , Martínez to third , Jones to second . Machado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Iglesias out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Pérez singled to right . Naquin singled to right , Pérez to third . Zimmer struck out looking . Lindor doubled to deep right , Pérez and Naquin scored . Kipnis grounded out to second , Lindor to third . Ramírez homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Lindor scored . Brantley grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Bauer pitching for Indians . Martín doubled to left . Candelario fouled out to third . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher , Martín to third . Castellanos singled to center , Martín scored . Martínez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Encarnación lined out to left . Alonso grounded out to pitcher . Pérez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Hicks struck out swinging . Jones safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Lindor . Iglesias grounded out to shortstop , Jones to third . Machado flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 4th . Fulmer pitching for Tigers . Naquin safe at first on error by second baseman Machado . Zimmer singled to center , Naquin to third . Lindor hit by pitch , Zimmer to second . Kipnis singled to right , Naquin and Zimmer scored , Lindor to third . Bell pitching for Tigers . Ramírez flied out to right . At bat extended by dropped foul ball error by Candelario , Brantley doubled to deep right , Lindor scored , Kipnis to third . Encarnación intentionally walked . Alonso struck out swinging . Pérez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Encarnación out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 5th . Bauer pitching for Indians . Martín singled to center . Candelario struck out swinging . Cabrera walked , Martín to second . Castellanos flied out to center . Martínez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Naquin grounded out to second . Zimmer singled to center . Lindor flied out to right . Kipnis singled to center , Zimmer to second . González ran for Kipnis . Ramírez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . González at second base . Bauer pitching for Indians . Hicks struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . Iglesias lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Tigers . Brantley singled to center . Guyer ran for Brantley . Encarnación flied out to center . Alonso singled to right , Guyer to third . Pérez struck out swinging . Naquin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Guyer in left field . Bauer pitching for Indians . Machado lined out to center . Martín singled to left . Candelario lined out to right . Cabrera singled to right , Martín to third . Goodrum ran for Cabrera . Castellanos singled to center , Martín scored , Goodrum to second . Martínez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Goodrum at first base . Bell pitching for Tigers . Zimmer singled to left . Lindor grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Zimmer out at second . González grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Goody pitching for Indians . Hicks doubled to deep right . Jones grounded out to third . Iglesias safe at first on error by second baseman González , Hicks to third . Machado doubled to left , Hicks scored , Iglesias to third . Martín flied out to right . Candelario lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Indians - Bottom 8th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Ramírez fouled out to left . Guyer grounded out to second . Davis hit for Encarnación . Davis singled to center . Alonso flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Belisle pitching for Indians . Goodrum grounded out to shortstop . Castellanos lined out to right . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Indians 9 .	Lindor drives in 3 runs , Indians top Tigers 9 - 3