Tigers - Top 1st . Heaney pitching for Angels . Gerber struck out swinging . Iglesias singled to right . Castellanos singled to left , Iglesias to second . Candelario hit ground rule double to deep left , Iglesias scored , Castellanos to third . Castellanos scored , Candelario to third on wild pitch by Heaney . Martínez walked . Goodrum grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Martínez out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Turner pitching for Tigers . Calhoun singled to center . Upton reached on infield single to shortstop , Calhoun to second . Ohtani homered to left , Calhoun and Upton scored . Pujols safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Iglesias . Simmons singled to right , Pujols to second . Fletcher singled to right , Pujols to third , Simmons to second . Cowart walked , Pujols scored , Simmons to third , Fletcher to second . Arcia singled to right , Simmons and Fletcher scored , Cowart to third . Young Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cowart out at home , Arcia to second . Calhoun flied out to center , Arcia to third . Arcia stole home . Young Jr. stole second . Upton struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Rodríguez struck out swinging . McCann singled to left . Jones doubled to left , McCann scored . Gerber walked . Iglesias flied out to right , Gerber out at second , Jones to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Ohtani reached on infield single to shortstop . Ohtani stole second . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ohtani out at third . Simmons lined out to center . Fletcher grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Heaney pitching for Angels . Castellanos struck out swinging . Candelario struck out swinging . Martínez singled to center . Goodrum grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martínez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Alcantara pitching for Tigers . Cowart singled to center . Arcia struck out looking . Young Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cowart out at second . Calhoun flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Heaney pitching for Angels . Rodríguez grounded out to third . McCann struck out swinging . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Upton struck out swinging . Ohtani struck out swinging . Pujols singled to left . Simmons hit ground rule double to deep right , Pujols to third . Fletcher popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Heaney pitching for Angels . Gerber struck out swinging . Iglesias flied out to center . Castellanos singled to left center . Candelario homered to left , Castellanos scored . Martínez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Cowart grounded out to pitcher . Arcia struck out swinging . Young Jr. walked . Young Jr. caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Calhoun batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Johnson pitching for Angels . Goodrum grounded out to second . Rodríguez walked . McCann lined into double play , center to first , Rodríguez doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Calhoun walked . Upton homered to right , Calhoun scored . Ohtani walked . Ohtani to second on wild pitch by VerHagen . Pujols flied out to right , Ohtani to third . Simmons hit sacrifice fly to left , Ohtani scored . Fletcher flied out to center . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Álvarez pitching for Angels . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Gerber grounded out to shortstop . Iglesias flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Cowart walked . Arcia singled to center , Cowart to second . Young Jr. grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Arcia out at second , Cowart to third . Calhoun singled to right , Cowart scored , Young Jr. to third . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Upton struck out swinging . Ohtani struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Jerez pitching for Angels . Castellanos struck out swinging . Candelario fouled out to first . Martínez doubled to deep left center . Reyes ran for Martínez . Goodrum grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Pujols fouled out to first . Simmons grounded out to third . Fletcher walked . Cowart walked , Fletcher to second . Arcia grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cowart out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Marte at first base . Jerez pitching for Angels . Rodríguez grounded out to third . McCann lined out to center . Jones lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Angels 11 .	Ohtani , Upton hit Halos past Tigers 11 - 5 on Trout 's birthday