Tigers - Top 1st . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Candelario grounded out to pitcher . Jones tripled to deep center . Castellanos struck out swinging . Goodrum singled to shallow center , Jones scored . Mahtook struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . McCutchen popped out to second . Hicks homered to right ( 384 feet ) . Andújar doubled to deep left . Sánchez singled to left , Andújar scored . Torres struck out swinging . Voit singled to center , Sánchez to third . Romine struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Lynn pitching for Yankees . McCann struck out looking . Rodríguez singled to right . Lugo singled to center , Rodríguez to second . Reyes doubled to left , Rodríguez scored , Lugo to third . Candelario walked . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Candelario out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Hechavarria lined out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to second . McCutchen flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Lynn pitching for Yankees . Castellanos lined out to shortstop . Goodrum lined out to right . Mahtook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Hicks flied out to right . Andújar fouled out to catcher . Sánchez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lynn pitching for Yankees . McCann struck out swinging . Rodríguez singled to center . Lugo singled to center , Rodríguez to second . Reyes doubled to left , Rodríguez scored , Lugo to third . Candelario struck out swinging . Jones doubled to left , Lugo and Reyes scored . Kahnle pitching for Yankees . Castellanos homered to left ( 342 feet ) , Jones scored . Goodrum struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Torres grounded out to third . Voit homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Romine struck out swinging . Hechavarria flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Mahtook grounded out to third . McCann singled to right . Rodríguez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , McCann out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Gardner popped out to second . McCutchen flied out to right . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Lugo grounded out to second . Reyes homered to right ( 390 feet ) . Candelario struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Andújar walked . Sánchez struck out swinging . Torres flied out to left . Voit struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Castellanos singled to center . Goodrum walked , Castellanos to second . Mahtook grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Castellanos out at third , Goodrum to second . McCann flied out to left . Rodríguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goodrum out at third , Mahtook to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Romine struck out swinging . Hechavarria grounded out to pitcher . Gardner lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Gray pitching for Yankees . Lugo grounded out to pitcher . Reyes singled to left center . Reyes picked off first . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Coleman pitching for Tigers . McCutchen hit by pitch . Hicks walked , McCutchen to second . Andújar singled to left , McCutchen scored , Hicks to second . Sánchez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hicks out at third , Andújar to second . Torres walked , Andújar to third , Sánchez to second . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Voit struck out swinging . Walker hit for Romine . Walker reached on infield single to shortstop , Andújar scored , Sánchez to third , Torres to second . Bird hit for Hechavarria . Bird flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Torres at shortstop . Walker at second base . Higashioka catching . Tarpley pitching for Yankees . Jones lined out to right . Castellanos doubled to left . Goodrum grounded out to shortstop . Mahtook walked . McCann walked , Castellanos to third , Mahtook to second . Rodríguez singled to center , Castellanos and Mahtook scored , McCann to second . Lugo singled to center , McCann scored , Rodríguez to second . Reyes struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Gardner struck out looking . McCutchen grounded out to second . Hicks walked . Andújar reached on infield single to third , Hicks to second . Sánchez walked , Hicks to third , Andújar to second . Torres singled to shallow center , Hicks and Andújar scored , Sánchez to third . Voit struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 11 - Yankees 7 .	Reyes hits 1st HR , 3 RBIs as Tigers splits with Yankees 11 - 7