Royals - Top 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield doubled to center . Mondesi struck out swinging . Dozier safe at first on error by third baseman Rodríguez . Pérez flied out to center . Merrifield stole third , Dozier stole second . Bonifacio homered to left ( 375 feet ) , Merrifield and Dozier scored . Herrera flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Lopez pitching for Royals . Jones singled to right . Stewart homered to right ( 357 feet ) , Jones scored . Castellanos homered to right ( 362 feet ) . Martínez doubled to deep right center . Adduci grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martínez out at second . Rodríguez hit ground rule double to deep left center , Adduci to third . Greiner hit sacrifice fly to center , Adduci scored , Rodríguez to third . Lugo grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Escobar doubled to center . Goodwin homered to right ( 401 feet ) , Escobar scored . Phillips grounded out to second . Merrifield singled to center . Mondesi singled to center , Merrifield to second . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Dozier flied out to left . Pérez lined out to left . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Lopez pitching for Royals . Kozma doubled to center . Jones singled to left , Kozma to third . Stewart homered to right ( 403 feet ) , Kozma and Jones scored . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Castellanos tripled to right . Martínez doubled to right , Castellanos scored . Adduci grounded out to pitcher , Martínez to third . Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop . Greiner singled to left , Martínez scored . Lugo struck out looking . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Bonifacio grounded out to shortstop . Herrera grounded out to pitcher . Escobar singled to shallow left . Goodwin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Kozma popped out to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Stewart flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Phillips struck out swinging . Merrifield singled to center . Mondesi flied out to left . Dozier homered to center ( 439 feet ) , Merrifield scored . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Pérez grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Castellanos grounded out to second . Martínez grounded out to third . Adduci grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Herrera grounded out to second . Escobar reached on infield single to third . Goodwin safe at first on error by first baseman Adduci , Escobar to second . Phillips grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Rodríguez singled to right . Greiner walked , Rodríguez to second . Lugo grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Greiner out at second , Rodríguez to third . Kozma lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Merrifield popped out to shortstop . Mondesi grounded out to second . Dozier struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Lively pitching for Royals . Jones popped out to shortstop . Stewart grounded out to second . Castellanos walked . Martínez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . Wilson pitching for Tigers . Pérez flied out to left . Bonifacio flied out to center . Herrera doubled to left . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Maurer pitching for Royals . Adduci struck out swinging . Rodríguez fouled out to third . Greiner walked . Lugo safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Herrera , Greiner to second . Reyes ran for Greiner . Kozma singled to center , Reyes scored , Lugo to third , Kozma to second advancing on throw . Jones walked . Stewart walked , Lugo scored , Kozma to third , Jones to second . Castellanos grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jones out at third , Stewart to second . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Top 8th . McCann catching . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Goodwin struck out swinging . Phillips struck out swinging . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Martínez flied out to center . Adduci struck out swinging . Rodríguez reached on infield single to shortstop . McCann fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Mondesi homered to right ( 412 feet ) . Dozier struck out swinging . Pérez hit by pitch . Bonifacio flied out to left . Pérez to second on wild pitch by Greene . Herrera flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 8 - Tigers 11 .	Stewart had 2 homers , 6 RBIs as Tigers beat Royals 11 - 8