Rockies - Top 1st. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Carroll safe at first on error by third baseman Aybar. Atkins singled to center, Carroll to second. Helton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Atkins out at second, Carroll to third. Holliday hit sacrifice fly to center, Carroll scored. Hawpe struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Furcal singled to right. Furcal caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Cruz Jr grounded out to first. Saenz grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan singled to center. Ardoin doubled to deep left, Sullivan thrown out at home. Kim flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Drew struck out looking. Kent walked. Aybar hit by pitch, Kent to second. Ethier flied out to left. Gonzalez hit for Carroll. Martin grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Gonzalez hit ground rule double to deep left. Atkins singled to right, Gonzalez thrown out at home, Atkins to second advancing on throw. Helton walked. Holliday hit by pitch, Atkins to third, Helton to second. Gonzalez at second base. Hawpe grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Seo grounded out to pitcher. Furcal safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Helton. Cruz Jr doubled to deep right, Furcal to third. Saenz singled to right, Furcal scored, Cruz Jr to third. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Cruz Jr scored, Saenz out at second. Kent flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 4th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Barmes popped out to second. Sullivan flied out to left. Ardoin grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Aybar singled to left center. Ethier flied out to center. Martin flied out to right. Seo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Kim flied out to right. Gonzalez reached on infield single to third. Atkins grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Furcal fouled out to shortstop. Cruz Jr grounded out to first. Saenz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Helton struck out swinging. Holliday flied out to right. Hawpe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Drew reached on infield single to pitcher. Kent doubled to deep left, Drew scored. Aybar walked. Ethier flied out to left. Martin flied out to left. Seo grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Seo pitching for Dodgers. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Sullivan grounded out to shortstop. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Marrero catching. Ardoin flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Furcal walked. Cruz Jr walked, Furcal to second. Furcal to third, Cruz Jr to second on wild pitch by Dohmann. Robles ran for Saenz. Martin pitching for Rockies. Saenz walked. Drew grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Furcal out at home, Cruz Jr to third, Robles to second. Kent intentionally walked. Aybar walked, Cruz Jr scored, Robles to third, Kent to second. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Garciaparra at first base. Ethier grounded out to first. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Dodgers. Marrero struck out swinging. Gonzalez flied out to right. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Atkins fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Martin singled to right center. Garciaparra singled to center, Martin to second. Furcal sacrificed to third, Martin to third, Garciaparra to second. Martinez hit for Broxton. Cruz Jr intentionally walked. Martinez singled to right, Martin scored, Garciaparra to third, Cruz Jr to second. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to first, Garciaparra scored, Martinez out at second, Cruz Jr to third. Martinez at second base. Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Kent flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Dodgers. Helton singled to right. Holliday grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Helton out at second. Hawpe doubled to center. Barmes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 1 - Dodgers 6.	Seo wins matchup of Korean pitchers as L.A. cruises