Marlins - Top 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Ramirez doubled to left center. Uggla sacrificed to pitcher, Ramirez to third. Jacobs singled to center, Ramirez scored. Cabrera grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jacobs out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Carroll grounded out to pitcher. Sullivan lined out to first. Helton grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Borchard struck out looking. Hermida grounded out to first. Amezaga walked. Amezaga stole second. Olivo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Holliday reached on infield single to shortstop. Atkins singled to left, Holliday to second. Hawpe grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Atkins out at second, Holliday to third. Closser popped out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Nolasco struck out looking. Uggla singled to left. Uggla stole second. Jacobs singled to center, Uggla scored. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Barmes singled to right. Kim struck out looking. Barmes caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carroll walked. Sullivan flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Borchard singled to right. Hermida walked, Borchard to second. Amezaga homered to right, Borchard and Hermida scored. Olivo singled to shallow right center. Nolasco bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Olivo out at second. Ramirez grounded into double play, second to first, Nolasco out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Helton struck out looking. Holliday singled to shallow right center. Atkins flied out to left. Hawpe reached on infield single to pitcher, Holliday to second, Holliday to third on throwing error by pitcher Nolasco. Closser popped out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Uggla homered to center. Jacobs grounded out to second. Cabrera doubled to deep center. Borchard flied out to left. Hermida grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Freeman hit for Kim. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Barmes grounded out to second. Freeman popped out to second. Carroll singled to right. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Freeman in center field. Sullivan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Amezaga grounded out to second. Olivo struck out swinging. Nolasco singled to center. Ramirez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Helton flied out to left. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Atkins struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Uggla struck out swinging. Jacobs grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Hawpe struck out swinging. Closser popped out to second. Barmes hit by pitch. Freeman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Borchard reached on infield single to third. Hermida doubled to deep right, Borchard to third. Amezaga grounded out to second, Borchard scored, Hermida to third. Olivo singled to left, Hermida scored. Nolasco safe at first on throwing error by second baseman Carroll, Olivo to third. Ramirez popped out to first. Uggla grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Nolasco out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Spilborghs hit for Martin. Nolasco pitching for Marlins. Carroll singled to right. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Helton singled to right, Carroll to second. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second, Carroll to third. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Atkins struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Jacobs grounded out to first. Cabrera singled to right center. Ross hit for Hermida. Borchard singled to center, Cabrera to second. Ross struck out swinging. Amezaga singled to right, Cabrera to third, Borchard to second. Helms hit for Nolasco. Olivo singled to left, Cabrera and Borchard scored, Amezaga to second. Helms homered to left, Amezaga and Olivo scored. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Borchard in right field. Ross in left field. Helms at third base. Ramirez flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Tankersley pitching for Marlins. Hawpe grounded out to second. Closser struck out swinging. Barmes batting. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barmes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 13 - Rockies 0.	Marlins pound out 18 hits in 13-0 rout of Rockies