Pirates - Top 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. McLouth grounded out to second. Wilson struck out swinging. Casey lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Pirates. Carroll tripled to deep center. Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right, Carroll scored. Helton walked. Holliday walked, Helton to second. Atkins doubled to deep left center, Helton and Holliday scored. Atkins to third on wild pitch by Perez. Torrealba hit by pitch. Barmes hit sacrifice fly to left, Atkins scored. Freeman flied out to right. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Bay singled to center. Burnitz homered to right center, Bay scored. Sanchez flied out to left. Castillo grounded out to third. Cota fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Pirates. Fogg walked. Carroll singled to center, Fogg to second. Spilborghs singled to right, Fogg to third, Carroll to second. Helton hit sacrifice fly to left, Fogg scored. Holliday fouled out to catcher. Atkins walked, Carroll to third, Spilborghs to second. Torrealba homered to left, Carroll, Spilborghs and Atkins scored. DeCaster hit for Perez. Barmes popped out to second. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. DeCaster struck out swinging. McLouth flied out to center. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Wilson lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Freeman safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Wilson. Fogg sacrificed to pitcher, Freeman to second. Carroll grounded out to second, Freeman to third. Spilborghs grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Casey grounded out to second. Bay singled to center. Burnitz grounded out to first, Bay to second. Sanchez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Helton walked. Holliday singled to left, Helton to second. Atkins singled to left, Helton to third, Holliday to second. Torrealba hit sacrifice fly to center, Helton scored, Holliday to third. Barmes doubled to left, Holliday scored, Atkins to third. Freeman struck out swinging. Fogg struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Castillo walked. Cota popped out to second. Vogelsong walked, Castillo to second. McLouth singled to right, Castillo scored, Vogelsong to second. Wilson singled to center, Vogelsong to third, McLouth to second. Casey singled to center, Vogelsong scored, McLouth to third, Wilson to second. Martin pitching for Rockies. Wilson hit for Burnitz. Bay walked, McLouth scored, Wilson to third, Casey to second. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wilson scored, Bay out at second, Casey to third. Sanchez doubled to deep left, Casey and Wilson scored. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop, Sanchez to third. Wilson in right field. Cota lined out to right. 6 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Pirates. Carroll singled to center. Spilborghs tripled to deep right, Carroll scored. Helton popped out to third. Sanchez at second base. Capps pitching for Pirates. Bautista at third base. Holliday walked. Atkins hit sacrifice fly to center, Spilborghs scored. Torrealba struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Bautista flied out to right. McLouth grounded out to first. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Capps pitching for Pirates. Barmes lined out to center. Freeman singled to right. Dohmann struck out bunting foul. Carroll doubled to deep left, Freeman scored. Spilborghs grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Casey struck out swinging. Bay walked. Wilson walked, Bay to second. Marte pitching for Pirates. Sanchez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Marte pitching for Pirates. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Holliday singled to right. Atkins walked, Holliday to second. Torrealba walked, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Barmes walked, Holliday scored, Atkins to third, Torrealba to second. Marrero hit for Dohmann. Freeman singled to right center, Atkins scored, Torrealba to third, Barmes to second. Marrero fouled out to first. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Hernandez hit for Marte. Carroll lined out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Hernandez flied out to right. Cota flied out to left. Bautista walked. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. McLouth struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Pirates. Spilborghs grounded out to third. Helton flied out to left. King pitching for Rockies. Holliday grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. King pitching for Rockies. Wilson singled to right. Casey flied out to center. Bay walked, Wilson to second. Wilson safe at first on error by third baseman Atkins, Wilson to third, Bay to second. Paulino hit for Hernandez. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Colorado's Manager Hurdle ejected by Randazzo in the 9th. Paulino grounded into double play, pitcher to second to shortstop to first, Sanchez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 9 - Rockies 16.	Torrealba's slam, five sac flies power Rockies past Bucs