Rockies - Top 1st. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Carroll popped out to second. Spilborghs fouled out to first. Helton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Soriano struck out looking. Clayton doubled to deep left. Vidro flied out to left. Johnson intentionally walked. Zimmerman flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Holliday grounded out to third. Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop. Torrealba struck out swinging. Atkins stole second. Barmes flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Guillen struck out looking. Schneider doubled to deep right. Byrd struck out swinging. O'Connor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Freeman struck out swinging. Fogg struck out looking. Carroll grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Soriano lined out to pitcher. Clayton flied out to center. Vidro fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Spilborghs flied out to right. Helton grounded out to second. Holliday flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Johnson walked. Zimmerman doubled to left, Johnson to third. Guillen flied out to center. Schneider intentionally walked. Byrd grounded into fielder's choice to third, Johnson out at home, Zimmerman to third, Schneider to second. O'Connor grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Atkins doubled to deep right. Torrealba sacrificed to third, Atkins to third. Barmes hit by pitch. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Atkins scored, Barmes out at second. Fogg grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Soriano flied out to center. Clayton doubled to deep right center. Vidro singled to right, Clayton scored. Johnson walked, Vidro to second. Zimmerman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. O'Connor pitching for Nationals. Carroll popped out to second. Spilborghs singled to center. Helton singled to right, Spilborghs to second. Holliday doubled to deep center, Spilborghs and Helton scored. Atkins intentionally walked. Torrealba grounded out to third, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Rivera pitching for Nationals. Barmes doubled to left, Holliday and Atkins scored. Freeman singled to left, Barmes scored. Fogg grounded out to third. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 6th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Guillen popped out to second. Schneider struck out swinging. Harris hit for Rivera. Byrd singled to right. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Harris at second base. Harris flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Stanton pitching for Nationals. Carroll singled to center. Spilborghs grounded out to third, Carroll to second. Helton singled to center, Carroll scored. Holliday doubled to deep left center, Helton to third. Atkins intentionally walked. Torrealba singled to left, Helton scored, Holliday to third, Atkins to second. Barmes hit sacrifice fly to left, Holliday scored. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Freeman grounded into fielder's choice to second, Torrealba out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 7th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Soriano doubled to left. Anderson hit for Stanton. Clayton struck out swinging. Anderson popped out to third. Johnson singled to center, Soriano scored. Bray pitching for Nationals. Piedra hit for Dohmann. Zimmerman flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Bray pitching for Nationals. Piedra grounded out to second. Carroll popped out to second. Spilborghs hit ground rule double to right. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 8th. Jackson ran for Guillen. Fick hit for Schneider. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Guillen hit by pitch. Fick grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Jackson out at second. Byrd singled to center. Harris singled to left, Byrd to second. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Jackson in center field. Fick catching. Byrd in right field. Soriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Majewski pitching for Nationals. Holliday struck out swinging. Atkins grounded out to pitcher. King pitching for Rockies. Torrealba struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Nationals - Bottom 9th. LeCroy hit for Majewski. King pitching for Rockies. Clayton grounded out to second. LeCroy walked. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, LeCroy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 9 - Nationals 2.	Holliday, Barmes help streaking Rockies dump Nats