Rockies - Top 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Carroll flied out to left. Sullivan lined out to left. Helton singled to center. Holliday grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Helton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Kim pitching for Rockies. Suzuki doubled to right. Beltre struck out swinging. Lopez struck out swinging. Ibanez homered to right center, Suzuki scored. Sexson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe doubled to left. Piedra struck out swinging. Torrealba walked. Barmes singled to center, Hawpe scored, Torrealba to second. Torrealba to third, Barmes to second on balk by Pineiro. Carroll singled to right center, Torrealba and Barmes scored, Carroll to second advancing on throw. Sullivan singled to left, Carroll scored. Helton walked, Sullivan to second. Holliday singled to right, Sullivan scored, Helton to second, Helton thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Everett struck out looking. Johjima hit by pitch. Reed grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Johjima out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Atkins flied out to center. Hawpe doubled to deep left. Piedra grounded out to second, Hawpe to third. Torrealba homered to right, Hawpe scored. Barmes safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt. Woods pitching for Mariners. Carroll hit ground rule double to right, Barmes to third. Sullivan struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Kim pitching for Rockies. Betancourt lined out to center. Suzuki walked. Beltre struck out swinging. Suzuki stole second. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Helton grounded out to second. Holliday grounded out to third. Atkins grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Ibanez popped out to third. Sexson singled to left center. Everett homered to right, Sexson scored. Johjima struck out swinging. Reed tripled to deep right center. Betancourt grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Hawpe struck out swinging. Piedra flied out to left. Torrealba singled to center. Torrealba to second on wild pitch by Woods. Barmes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Kim pitching for Rockies. Suzuki singled to left. Beltre singled to center, Suzuki to third. King pitching for Rockies. Lopez flied out to right. Suzuki scored, Beltre to third on wild pitch by King. Ibanez struck out swinging. Sexson singled to left, Beltre scored. Everett fouled out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Woods pitching for Mariners. Carroll reached on infield single to second. Sullivan doubled to center, Carroll to third. Helton grounded out to pitcher. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Holliday intentionally walked. Atkins fouled out to first. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Hawpe lined out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Cortes pitching for Rockies. Johjima singled to right. Reed flied out to center. Betancourt struck out looking. Suzuki homered to right, Johjima scored. Beltre flied out to right. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Mateo pitching for Mariners. Piedra flied out to right. Torrealba flied out to right. Barmes grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Lopez singled to left. Ibanez walked, Lopez to second. Sexson lined out to left. Everett grounded out to second, Lopez to third, Ibanez to second. Johjima intentionally walked. Reed struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Sherrill pitching for Mariners. Spilborghs hit for Sullivan. Carroll grounded out to second. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Spilborghs in center field. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Helton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Dohmann pitching for Rockies. Betancourt singled to left. Betancourt caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Suzuki walked. Putz pitching for Mariners. Beltre grounded into double play, third to second to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Atkins struck out looking. Hawpe struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 7 - Mariners 8.	Ichiro helps red-hot M's rally past Rockies at home