Rockies - Top 1st. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Carroll flied out to left. Helton flied out to right. Atkins fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Gross flied out to left. Graffanino grounded out to third. Fielder grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Holliday lined out to center. Hawpe grounded out to first. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Hall homered to left center. Nix flied out to left. Jenkins singled to left center. Bell doubled to deep left, Jenkins to third. Miller intentionally walked. Ohka reached first base on catcher's interference, Jenkins scored, Bell to third, Miller to second. Ohka batting. Gross doubled to deep right, Bell and Miller scored, Ohka to third. Graffanino popped out to second. Fielder struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Top 3rd. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Barmes lined out to center. Ardoin grounded out to third. Fogg struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Hall doubled to deep left center. Nix grounded out to second, Hall to third. Jenkins intentionally walked. Bell reached on infield single to third, Hall scored, Jenkins to second. Miller hit by pitch, Jenkins to third, Bell to second. Ohka singled to left, Jenkins and Bell scored, Miller to second. Gross grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ohka out at second, Miller to third. Graffanino grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Carroll singled to right. Carroll to second on wild pitch by Ohka. Helton homered to right, Carroll scored. Atkins grounded out to third. Holliday grounded out to shortstop. Hawpe popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Fielder grounded out to second. Hall flied out to left. Nix struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs struck out swinging. Barmes flied out to right. Ardoin singled to center. Fogg doubled to deep right, Ardoin scored. Carroll flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Fogg pitching for Rockies. Jenkins hit by pitch. Bell grounded out to shortstop, Jenkins to second. Miller struck out swinging. Ohka singled to center, Jenkins scored. Martin pitching for Rockies. Gross doubled to deep right, Ohka to third. Rivera catching. Graffanino struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Ohka pitching for Brewers. Helton fouled out to first. Atkins doubled to deep left. Holliday singled to center, Atkins to third. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Hawpe homered to center, Atkins and Holliday scored. Spilborghs singled to left. Barmes struck out swinging, Spilborghs stole second. Ardoin struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Martin pitching for Rockies. Fielder flied out to center. Hall walked. Nix struck out swinging. Matsui hit for Martin. Jenkins grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Capellan pitching for Brewers. Matsui reached on infield single to third. Carroll bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matsui out at second. Helton hit by pitch, Carroll to second. Atkins walked, Carroll to third, Helton to second. Shouse pitching for Brewers. Holliday struck out swinging. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Hawpe lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Bell struck out swinging. Cirillo hit for Shouse. Rivera doubled to deep right. Cirillo reached on infield single to second, Rivera to third. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Clark hit for Gross. Clark singled to center, Rivera scored, Cirillo to second. Graffanino grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cirillo out at third, Clark to second. Fielder homered to center, Clark and Graffanino scored. Clark in left field. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Hall grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Kolb pitching for Brewers. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. Barmes safe at first on error by third baseman Bell. Carroll at shortstop. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez at second base. Ardoin grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barmes out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Fuentes pitching for Rockies. Nix popped out to third. Jenkins hit by pitch. Bell flied out to center. Helling pitching for Brewers. Rivera struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Helling pitching for Brewers. Gonzalez lined out to left. Carroll lined out to center. Helton doubled to deep right center. Atkins flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Brewers 12.	Brewers complete sweep, hand Rockies sixth straight loss