Padres - Top 1st. Francis pitching for Rockies. Barfield doubled to left. Giles grounded out to first, Barfield to third. Cameron singled to left, Barfield scored. Piazza popped out to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Thompson pitching for Padres. Matsui reached on infield single to shortstop. Helton singled to right, Matsui to second. Atkins singled to left center, Matsui scored, Helton to second. Holliday singled to right, Helton scored, Atkins to second. Hawpe singled to left, Atkins to third, Holliday to second. Spilborghs singled to right center, Atkins scored, Holliday to third, Hawpe to second. Torrealba grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Holliday scored, Spilborghs out at second, Hawpe to third. Barmes flied out to left. 4 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 2nd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Johnson singled to left. Bellhorn walked, Johnson to second. Alexander lined out to center. Thompson sacrificed to catcher, Johnson to third, Bellhorn to second. Barfield singled to right, Johnson and Bellhorn scored. Barfield stole second. Giles walked. Cameron singled to left, Barfield scored, Giles to third. Piazza singled to left, Giles scored, Cameron to third. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Thompson pitching for Padres. Francis struck out looking. Matsui grounded out to first. Helton safe at first on error by second baseman Barfield. Atkins hit by pitch, Helton to second. Holliday flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Padres - Top 3rd. Francis pitching for Rockies. Johnson singled to center. Bellhorn grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Johnson out at second. Alexander flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Thompson pitching for Padres. Hawpe reached on infield single to first. Spilborghs flied out to center. Torrealba grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hawpe out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 4th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Thompson struck out swinging. Barfield walked. Giles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Barfield out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Barmes flied out to left. Francis grounded out to pitcher. Matsui walked. Matsui stole second. Helton singled to center, Matsui scored. Atkins grounded into fielder's choice to third, Helton out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 5th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Cameron flied out to center. Piazza struck out looking. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Thompson pitching for Padres. Holliday doubled to deep right. Hawpe homered to right, Holliday scored. Brocail pitching for Padres. Spilborghs walked. Spilborghs stole second. Torrealba doubled to deep right, Spilborghs scored. Barmes struck out swinging. Francis sacrificed to pitcher, Torrealba to third. Matsui struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 6th. Francis pitching for Rockies. Johnson reached on infield single to shortstop. Bellhorn flied out to center. Bowen hit for Brocail. Alexander grounded out to second, Johnson to second. Williamson pitching for Padres. Bowen grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Williamson pitching for Padres. Helton singled to left. Atkins fouled out to first. Holliday singled to right, Helton to third. Holliday stole second. Hawpe walked. Spilborghs hit sacrifice fly to right, Helton scored. Holliday stole third, Hawpe stole second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Torrealba struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 7th. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Barfield flied out to center. Giles flied out to right. Cameron doubled to deep left. Piazza struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Freeman hit for Corpas. Williamson pitching for Padres. Barmes grounded out to shortstop. Freeman reached on infield single to catcher. Freeman stole second. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Matsui walked. Helton walked, Freeman to third, Matsui to second. Atkins struck out swinging. Holliday walked, Freeman scored, Matsui to third, Helton to second. Hawpe singled to center, Matsui and Helton scored, Holliday to third. Spilborghs singled to center, Holliday scored, Hawpe to second. Gonzalez at first base. King pitching for Rockies. Freeman in center field. Torrealba grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spilborghs out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 8th. King pitching for Rockies. Gonzalez singled to left. Johnson grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gonzalez out at second. Bellhorn doubled to deep left. Bard catching. Alexander grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Sweeney pitching for Padres. Barmes grounded out to third. Freeman flied out to right. Matsui singled to left. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Walker hit for Sweeney. Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Padres - Top 9th. Ramirez pitching for Rockies. Walker doubled to deep right center. Barfield struck out swinging. Giles flied out to center, Walker to third. Cameron fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Padres 5 - Rockies 13.	Hawpe, Helton fuel Rockies' 18-hit win over Padres