Giants - Top 1st. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Finley popped out to shortstop. Vizquel fouled out to catcher. Hillenbrand singled to center. Bonds walked, Hillenbrand to second. Durham popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Cain pitching for Giants. Matsui flied out to center. Salazar walked. Atkins singled to center, Salazar to third. Holliday hit by pitch, Atkins to second. Helton hit sacrifice fly to right, Salazar scored. Baker grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Holliday out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Alou grounded out to pitcher. Feliz singled to center. Alfonzo popped out to shortstop. Cain struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Cain pitching for Giants. Tulowitzki flied out to left. Iannetta singled to center. Jennings sacrificed to first, Iannetta to second. Matsui singled to right, Iannetta scored. Matsui stole second, Matsui safe at third on throwing error by catcher Alfonzo. Salazar struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 3rd. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Finley hit ground rule double to deep center. Vizquel walked. Hillenbrand grounded into fielder's choice to first, Vizquel out at second, Finley to third. Bonds singled to right, Finley scored, Hillenbrand to third. Durham lined out to shortstop. Alou popped out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Cain pitching for Giants. Atkins homered to left. Holliday homered to left. Helton flied out to right. Baker singled to center. Baker stole second. Tulowitzki singled to center, Baker to third. Iannetta struck out swinging. Jennings grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Feliz reached on infield single to pitcher. Alfonzo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Feliz out at second. Cain grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Cain pitching for Giants. Matsui struck out swinging. Salazar singled to center, Salazar to second on error by left fielder Bonds. Atkins flied out to center, Salazar to third. Holliday lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Top 5th. Jennings pitching for Rockies. Finley tripled to right. Vizquel grounded out to first. Finley scored on Jennings' wild pitch. Hillenbrand walked. Bonds singled to right, Hillenbrand to third. Durham grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hillenbrand scored, Bonds out at second. Alou flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Cain pitching for Giants. Helton grounded out to shortstop. Baker struck out looking. Tulowitzki singled to right. Field pitching for Rockies. Iannetta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Field pitching for Rockies. Feliz struck out swinging. Alfonzo struck out looking. Martin pitching for Rockies. Cain walked. Finley walked, Cain to second. Sullivan hit for Martin. Vizquel fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Cain pitching for Giants. Sullivan struck out looking. Matsui reached on bunt single to second. Matsui stole second. Salazar walked. Correia pitching for Giants. Atkins tripled to deep center, Matsui and Salazar scored. Holliday doubled to center, Atkins scored. Helton singled to center, Holliday scored. Baker struck out swinging. Salazar in right field. King pitching for Rockies. Sullivan in center field. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Helton out at second. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. King pitching for Rockies. Hillenbrand singled to center. Bonds grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hillenbrand out at second. Durham singled to left. Alou grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Durham out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Correia pitching for Giants. Iannetta doubled to deep center. Sullivan flied out to center, Iannetta to third. Matsui struck out swinging. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Hawpe in right field. Salazar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Mesa pitching for Rockies. Feliz flied out to right. Sweeney hit for Correia. Alfonzo struck out swinging. Sweeney hit by pitch. Finley singled to right, Sweeney to second. Corpas pitching for Rockies. Vizquel singled to right, Sweeney scored, Finley to second. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Hillenbrand walked, Finley to third, Vizquel to second. Wright pitching for Giants. Linden in left field. Bonds lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Wright pitching for Giants. Atkins homered to right. Taschner pitching for Giants. San Francisco's Manager Alou ejected by Reed in the 8th. Helton singled to center, Holliday to third. Hawpe singled to left, Holliday scored, Helton to second. Tulowitzki fouled out to third. Greene catching. Iannetta walked, Helton to third, Hawpe to second. Sullivan hit sacrifice fly to center, Helton scored. Matsui safe at first on error by shortstop Vizquel, Hawpe scored, Iannetta to second. Affeldt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Iannetta out at third, Matsui to second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. Affeldt pitching for Rockies. Durham flied out to center. Alou struck out swinging. Feliz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 4 - Rockies 12.	Rockies bats stay hot in second straight rout of Giants