Yankees - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Jeter singled to left. Abreu walked, Jeter to second. Matsui grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Abreu out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Igawa pitching for Yankees. Rodriguez doubled to deep left center. Polanco lined out to pitcher, Rodriguez to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center, Rodriguez scored. Ordonez doubled to deep left center. Cabrera flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Duncan fouled out to first. Giambi homered to right. Betemit reached on infield single to second. Betemit picked off first. Cano flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Igawa pitching for Yankees. Sheffield lined out to right. Renteria flied out to right. Thames grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Moeller lined out to left. Cabrera doubled to left. Jeter walked. Abreu struck out swinging. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Igawa pitching for Yankees. Raburn reached on infield single to shortstop. Rodriguez doubled to left, Raburn scored. Polanco reached on bunt single to third, Rodriguez to third. Guillen popped out to shortstop. Ordonez singled to left, Rodriguez scored, Polanco to second. Cabrera fouled out to first. Sheffield doubled to left, Polanco scored, Ordonez to third. Renteria grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Duncan popped out to second. Giambi flied out to left. Betemit grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Igawa pitching for Yankees. Thames reached on infield single to third. Raburn singled to center, Thames to third, Raburn to second on error by left fielder Matsui. Rodriguez singled to right, Thames scored, Raburn to third. Polanco singled to left, Raburn scored, Rodriguez to second. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Guillen flied out to right, Rodriguez thrown out at third. Polanco stole second. Ordonez struck out looking. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Cano singled to center. Moeller struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to right, Cano to second. Jeter grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Cabrera singled to left. Sheffield grounded into double play, third to second to first, Cabrera out at second. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Granderson in center field. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Abreu struck out looking. Matsui flied out to center. Duncan singled to left center. Giambi doubled to deep right, Duncan to third. Betemit grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Albaladejo pitching for Yankees. Thames struck out swinging. Granderson singled to right. Granderson stole second. Granderson safe at third on throwing error by catcher Moeller. Rodriguez walked. Polanco lined out to second. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Guillen grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 7th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Cano hit ground rule double to deep center. Miner pitching for Tigers. Cano to third on wild pitch by Miner. Moeller singled to right, Cano scored. Cabrera lined out to left. Jeter grounded into fielder's choice to third, Moeller out at second. Abreu grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Hawkins pitching for Yankees. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Joyce in left field. Miner pitching for Tigers. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Duncan flied out to right. Giambi grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Renteria safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit. Thames grounded out to first, Renteria to second. Renteria to third on wild pitch by Ramirez. Granderson struck out swinging. Rodriguez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Betemit doubled to deep left. Betemit to third on wild pitch by Jones. Cano grounded out to shortstop, Betemit scored. Damon hit for Moeller. Damon reached on infield single to second. Damon to second on wild pitch by Jones. Cabrera grounded out to pitcher, Damon to third. Jeter singled to left center, Damon scored. Jeter to second on fielder's indifference. Abreu doubled to left, Jeter scored. Matsui intentionally walked. Duncan flied out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 5 - Tigers 6.	Tigers hold off Yankees