Rockies - Top 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Taveras popped out to second. Helton walked. Holliday singled to center, Helton to second. Atkins popped out to first. Spilborghs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Granderson reached on infield single to second. Thomas singled to left, Granderson to third. Guillen struck out swinging. Cabrera singled to left, Granderson scored, Thomas to second. Thames singled to left, Thomas scored, Cabrera to third, Thames to second advancing on throw. Sheffield lined into double play, to third, Cabrera doubled off third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Baker doubled to deep center. Barmes flied out to right, Baker to third. Torrealba singled to right, Baker scored. Tulowitzki homered to left, Torrealba scored. Taveras reached on bunt single to catcher. Taveras caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Helton struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Renteria grounded out to third. Sardinha flied out to right. Hollimon doubled to left. Granderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Holliday singled to left. Atkins safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria, Holliday to third. Spilborghs walked, Atkins to second. Baker popped out to second. Barmes grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Holliday out at home. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Guillen flied out to right. Cabrera flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Torrealba singled to right. Tulowitzki grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torrealba out at second. Taveras singled to center, Tulowitzki to second. Helton grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Taveras out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Thames singled to center. Sheffield flied out to left. Renteria singled to center, Thames to third. Sardinha grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Holliday lined out to pitcher. Atkins flied out to right. Spilborghs grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Hollimon struck out swinging. Granderson singled to right. Thomas popped out to shortstop. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Baker grounded out to second. Barmes grounded out to third. Torrealba flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Reynolds pitching for Rockies. Cabrera singled to left. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera out at second. Sheffield grounded out to third, Thames to second. Renteria reached on infield single to second, Thames to third. Herges pitching for Rockies. Sardinha tripled to deep center, Thames and Renteria scored. Hollimon walked. Granderson grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Tulowitzki lined out to center. Taveras grounded out to third. Helton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Grilli pitching for Rockies. Thomas singled to left. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Thomas out at second. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Polanco at second base. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Holliday grounded out to third. Atkins struck out swinging. Spilborghs struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Buchholz pitching for Rockies. Thames singled to left. Joyce ran for Thames. Sheffield struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to right. Sardinha flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Thomas in left field. Joyce in right field. Jones pitching for Tigers. Baker flied out to center. Hawpe hit for Barmes. Hawpe flied out to left. Torrealba grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 3 - Tigers 4.	Sardinha's first triple lifts Tigers past .500 mark