Tigers - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco walked. Guillen flied out to left. Cabrera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Suzuki singled to right. Lopez singled to left center, Suzuki scored. Ibanez walked, Lopez to second. Vidro flied out to left. Beltre struck out swinging. Reed walked, Lopez to third, Ibanez to second. Sexson grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Joyce flied out to left. Sheffield flied out to center. Thomas lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Clement lined out to second. Betancourt lined out to left. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Hollimon singled to right. Granderson singled to center, Hollimon to third. Polanco singled to center, Hollimon scored, Granderson to second. Guillen grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Lopez doubled to left. Ibanez grounded out to first, Lopez to third. Vidro reached on infield single to third, Lopez scored. Beltre singled to center, Vidro to second. Reed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltre out at second, Vidro to third. Sexson grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Cabrera flied out to center. Joyce doubled to right. Sheffield walked. Thomas struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to center, Joyce scored, Sheffield to second. Hollimon struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Clement walked. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki singled to center, Clement to second. Lopez flied out to left. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Granderson tripled to deep center. Polanco lined out to second. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to second, Granderson scored. Cabrera singled to right, Guillen to second. Joyce singled to right, Guillen scored, Cabrera to third. Sheffield singled to center, Cabrera scored, Joyce to second. Thomas fouled out to first. Rodriguez lined out to second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Vidro grounded out to first. Beltre flied out to right. Reed flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Hollimon homered to center. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to second. Guillen singled to center. Guillen stole second. Cabrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Sexson struck out swinging. Clement struck out looking. Betancourt doubled to deep center. Suzuki reached on infield single to second, Betancourt to third. Lopez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Lowe pitching for Mariners. Joyce doubled to deep left. Sheffield flied out to right. Thomas flied out to left. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Ibanez hit ground rule double to deep left. Vidro lined into double play, left to second, Ibanez doubled off second. Beltre struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Hollimon grounded out to first. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Bloomquist hit for Reed. Zumaya pitching for Tigers. Bloomquist flied out to right. Sexson singled to right. Clement struck out looking. Betancourt reached on infield single to shortstop, Sexson to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Betancourt out at second, Sexson to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Bloomquist in center field. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Guillen grounded out to second. Cabrera grounded out to third. Joyce singled to center. Sheffield singled to left, Joyce to third. Thomas walked, Sheffield to second. Rodriguez singled to right, Joyce and Sheffield scored, Thomas to third. Hollimon grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Jones pitching for Tigers. Lopez singled to left. Ibanez doubled to deep right, Lopez to third. Vidro grounded out to second, Lopez scored, Ibanez to third. Beltre singled to right center, Ibanez scored. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to second, Beltre out at second. Bloomquist to second on fielder's indifference. Sexson walked. Rodney pitching for Tigers. Clement flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 8 - Mariners 4.	Tigers' call-ups Hollimon, Joyce fuel win vs. M's