Tigers - Top 1st. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Granderson flied out to left. Polanco popped out to third. Joyce struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 1st. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Roberts grounded out to shortstop. Jones safe at second on error by shortstop Renteria. Markakis doubled to deep left center, Jones scored. Huff struck out swinging. Millar struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Ordonez doubled to deep left. Cabrera grounded out to first, Ordonez to third. Thames struck out looking. Rodriguez homered to left, Ordonez scored. Renteria grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 2nd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Mora flied out to right. Scott homered to right center. Hernandez popped out to second. Fahey doubled to deep right. Roberts struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Inge singled to right center. Granderson walked, Inge to second. Polanco bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Inge out at third, Granderson to second. Joyce singled to right, Granderson to third, Polanco to second. Ordonez grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Granderson out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 3rd. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Jones grounded out to first. Markakis grounded out to first. Huff homered to center. Millar flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Cabrera singled to left. Thames struck out swinging. Rodriguez singled to center, Cabrera to second. Renteria singled to right, Cabrera to third, Rodriguez to second. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cabrera scored, Renteria out at second, Rodriguez to third. Granderson doubled to left center, Rodriguez scored, Inge to third. Polanco grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 4th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Mora fouled out to first. Scott struck out swinging. Hernandez singled to center. Fahey struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Joyce grounded out to first. Ordonez singled to right. Cabrera flied out to center. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Roberts flied out to center. Jones grounded out to third. Markakis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rodriguez out at second. Inge walked. Granderson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 6th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Huff singled to center. Millar flied out to center. Mora homered to left, Huff scored. Scott grounded out to second. Hernandez grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Guthrie pitching for Orioles. Polanco singled to left. Joyce singled to shallow left, Polanco to second. Bradford pitching for Orioles. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Joyce out at second, Polanco to third. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 7th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Fahey struck out swinging. Roberts fouled out to second. Jones singled to right. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Markakis hit by pitch, Jones to second. Huff grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Thames grounded out to third. Rodriguez singled to right. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Rodriguez out at second. Santiago ran for Renteria. Santiago to second on balk by Johnson. Inge grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Bottom 8th. Santiago at shortstop. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Millar flied out to center. Mora walked. Seay pitching for Tigers. Scott homered to right, Mora scored. Hernandez flied out to right. Fahey struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Granderson singled to right. Polanco grounded out to second, Granderson to second. Sheffield hit for Joyce. Sheffield grounded out to third, Granderson to third. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Orioles 7.	Scott's two homers tame Tigers in victory for O's