Tigers - Top 1st. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Granderson singled to center. Granderson to third on passed ball by Fasano. Santiago lined out to third. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to center, Granderson scored. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Sizemore flied out to center. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Francisco doubled to deep right center. Peralta doubled to deep left, Francisco scored. Choo struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Joyce struck out swinging. Thames flied out to left. Renteria walked. Raburn grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Marte fouled out to catcher. Garko popped out to second. Fasano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Sardinha grounded out to third. Granderson reached on infield single to first. Santiago grounded out to shortstop, Granderson to second. Guillen struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Cabrera walked. Sizemore flied out to left. Gutierrez flied out to center. Francisco struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Joyce grounded out to first. Thames grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Peralta struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Marte struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Renteria grounded out to shortstop. Raburn grounded out to second. Sardinha grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Garko grounded out to pitcher. Fasano hit by pitch. Cabrera walked, Fasano to second. Sizemore homered to right, Fasano and Cabrera scored. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Francisco struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Granderson grounded out to second. Santiago hit by pitch. Guillen singled to right, Santiago to second. Cabrera popped out to second, Santiago to third. Joyce grounded into fielder's choice to second, Santiago scored, Guillen safe at second on error by second baseman Cabrera. Thames fouled out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 6th. Verlander pitching for Tigers. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Choo singled to right. Marte fouled out to right. Garko walked, Choo to second. Fasano singled to left, Choo scored, Garko to second. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Cabrera singled to right, Garko to third, Fasano to second. Sizemore hit by pitch, Garko scored, Fasano to third, Cabrera to second. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Sizemore out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Hernandez pitching for Indians. Renteria doubled to right. Raburn singled to left, Renteria to third. Renteria scored, Raburn to second on wild pitch by Carmona, Raburn safe at third on error by catcher Fasano. Sardinha grounded out to third, Raburn scored. Perez pitching for Indians. Granderson safe at first on error by first baseman Garko. Santiago singled to left, Granderson to second. Guillen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Santiago out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Francisco struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Cabrera struck out swinging. Ordonez hit for Joyce. Ordonez struck out swinging. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Ordonez in right field. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Marte flied out to right. Garko singled to center. Fasano doubled to deep left, Garko scored. Cabrera walked. Sizemore walked, Fasano to third, Cabrera to second. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Gutierrez hit sacrifice fly to center, Fasano scored, Cabrera to third. Francisco walked. Peralta struck out looking. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Kobayashi pitching for Indians. Renteria lined out to right. Raburn grounded out to third. Sardinha struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Indians 9.	Sizemore's 4 RBIs lift Carmona, Tribe past Tigers