Tigers - Top 1st. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Granderson struck out swinging, Granderson safe at first on passed ball by Riggans. Polanco flied out to right. Guillen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. Ordonez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Iwamura struck out looking. Upton walked. Crawford hit by pitch, Upton to second. Longoria struck out swinging. Pena walked, Upton to third, Crawford to second. Gomes struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Cabrera singled to right. Joyce struck out swinging. Sheffield singled to center, Cabrera to second. Renteria flied out to center, Cabrera to third. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Aybar lined out to left. Riggans walked. Bartlett singled to right, Riggans to second. Iwamura struck out swinging. Upton hit ground rule double to deep right center, Riggans scored, Bartlett to third. Crawford singled to center, Bartlett and Upton scored. Longoria doubled to left, Crawford scored, Longoria to third advancing on throw. Pena struck out looking. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Granderson singled to center. Polanco doubled to left, Granderson scored. Guillen grounded out to first, Polanco to third. Ordonez singled to center, Polanco scored. Cabrera singled to right, Ordonez to second. Joyce struck out swinging. Sheffield fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Gomes struck out swinging. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Riggans struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Renteria struck out swinging. Inge struck out swinging. Granderson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Bartlett singled to left. Iwamura doubled to left, Bartlett to third. Bartlett scored, Iwamura to third on passed ball by Inge. Upton struck out swinging. Crawford walked. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Longoria singled to left, Iwamura scored, Crawford to second. Crawford stole third, Longoria stole second. Pena walked. Gross hit for Gomes. Gross walked, Crawford scored, Longoria to third, Pena to second. Aybar popped out to third. Riggans grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Gross in right field. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Polanco flied out to center. Guillen grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 5th. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Bartlett safe at first on error by third baseman Guillen. Iwamura walked, Bartlett to second. Bartlett caught stealing third, catcher to third, Iwamura to second on runner's fielder's choice. Upton grounded out to third, Iwamura to third. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Crawford struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Sonnanstine pitching for Rays. Cabrera walked. Joyce singled to center, Cabrera to second. Sheffield struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to right. Inge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 6th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Longoria homered to left. Pena grounded out to first. Gross singled to left. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gross out at second. Riggans doubled to left, Aybar scored, Riggans thrown out at third attempting to advance on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Reyes pitching for Rays. Granderson flied out to right. Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop. Guillen singled to right, Polanco to second. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Guillen to second. Cabrera doubled to right, Polanco scored, Guillen out at third, Ordonez to third. Joyce struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 7th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Bartlett doubled to deep left center. Iwamura struck out swinging. Upton grounded out to shortstop, Bartlett to third. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Hammel pitching for Rays. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Renteria grounded out to first. Inge lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rays - Bottom 8th. Farnsworth pitching for Tigers. Raburn in right field. Longoria popped out to shortstop. Pena struck out swinging. Gross flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Hammel pitching for Rays. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco popped out to second. Guillen singled to left. Raburn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Rays 9.	Longoria powers Rays past Tigers