Orioles - Top 1st. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Roberts flied out to left. Markakis grounded out to second. Mora tripled to deep right center. Huff singled to right, Mora scored. Hernandez flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Waters pitching for Orioles. Granderson singled to center. Polanco grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Granderson out at second. Ordonez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Millar struck out looking. Scott doubled to deep right. Montanez struck out swinging. Castro walked. Roberts singled to right, Scott scored, Castro to third, Castro scored, Roberts to second on throwing error by right fielder Ordonez. Markakis flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to third. Sheffield doubled to deep left. Thames popped out to shortstop. Renteria reached on infield single to third, Sheffield to third. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Mora homered to left. Huff popped out to shortstop. Hernandez struck out swinging. Millar doubled to deep left center. Scott walked. Montanez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Scott out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Waters pitching for Orioles. Raburn bunt grounded out to catcher. Granderson tripled to right. Polanco grounded out to third. Ordonez walked. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castro doubled to deep right center. Roberts grounded out to second, Castro to third. Markakis grounded out to second. Mora walked. Huff grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Sheffield grounded out to second. Thames grounded out to third. Renteria safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Castro. Inge grounded into fielder's choice to third, Renteria out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 5th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Hernandez grounded out to second. Millar grounded out to third. Scott walked. Montanez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Waters pitching for Orioles. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Granderson singled to right. Polanco homered to left, Granderson scored. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera fouled out to first. Sheffield singled to left, Ordonez to second. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ordonez out at third, Sheffield to second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Castro doubled to deep left. Roberts sacrificed to pitcher, Castro to third. Markakis walked. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Mora hit sacrifice fly to center, Castro scored. Huff popped out to catcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Renteria grounded out to second. Inge grounded out to third. Raburn singled to center. Raburn caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Granderson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Hernandez doubled to deep center. Millar flied out to center, Hernandez to third. Scott intentionally walked. Montanez struck out swinging. Castro flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Payton in center field. Montanez in left field. Cormier pitching for Orioles. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Roberts singled to left. Markakis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Roberts out at second. Mora popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Johnson pitching for Orioles. Cabrera grounded out to third. Sheffield struck out swinging. Thames singled to left. Renteria singled to center, Thames to second. Inge popped out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Huff singled to left. Jones pitching for Tigers. Hernandez flied out to center. Millar doubled to deep left, Huff to third. Payton intentionally walked. Montanez safe at first on error by first baseman Cabrera, Huff scored, Millar to third, Payton to second. Castro grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Millar scored, Montanez out at second, Payton to third, Payton scored on throwing error by second baseman Polanco. Santiago at second base. Roberts walked, Castro to second. Markakis walked, Castro to third, Roberts to second. Mora singled to center, Castro and Roberts scored, Markakis to second. Huff singled to center, Markakis scored, Mora to second. Beltran pitching for Tigers. Cintron ran for Huff. Quiroz hit for Hernandez. Quiroz grounded into fielder's choice to third, Mora out at third, Cintron to second. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 2 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Quiroz catching. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Raburn flied out to left. Granderson flied out to center. Santiago walked. Ordonez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 11 - Tigers 2.	Mora finishes double short of cycle as O's romp