Tigers - Top 1st. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Granderson singled to right. Polanco grounded out to third, Granderson to second. Ordonez singled to center, Granderson scored. Cabrera flied out to right. Guillen doubled to right, Ordonez thrown out at home. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Aviles flied out to right. German singled to center. DeJesus grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, German out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Thames reached on infield single to shortstop. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. Inge walked, Renteria to second. Granderson walked, Renteria to third, Inge to second. Polanco singled to center, Renteria and Inge scored, Granderson to third, Polanco to second on throwing error by third baseman Teahen. Ordonez fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Guillen homered to left. Butler walked. Olivo struck out swinging. Gload doubled to deep right, Butler to third. Teahen hit sacrifice fly to center, Butler scored, Gload to third. Callaspo walked. Aviles flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Cabrera walked. Guillen grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Cabrera out at second. Sheffield walked. Thames singled to left, Sheffield to second. Renteria grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Rogers pitching for Tigers. German popped out to second. DeJesus grounded out to second. Guillen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Inge grounded out to third. Granderson flied out to center. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Butler flied out to center. Olivo grounded out to pitcher. Gload struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Duckworth pitching for Royals. Ordonez fouled out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to center. Guillen flied out to center. Sheffield popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Teahen lined out to center. Callaspo singled to right. Aviles singled to left, Callaspo to third, Aviles to second on error by left fielder Thames. German hit sacrifice fly to center, Callaspo scored, Aviles to third. Aviles scored on Rogers' wild pitch. DeJesus struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 6th. Wells pitching for Royals. Thames struck out swinging. Renteria flied out to left. Inge grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Rogers pitching for Tigers. Guillen walked. Butler doubled to deep left, Guillen to third. Gathright ran for Guillen. Olivo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gathright scored. Gload grounded out to second, Butler to third, Olivo to second. Teahen singled to left, Butler and Olivo scored. Callaspo singled to right, Teahen to second. Aviles grounded out to shortstop, Teahen to third, Callaspo to second. German intentionally walked. DeJesus lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. DeJesus in right field. Gathright in center field. Wells pitching for Royals. Granderson walked. Polanco singled to right, Granderson to third. Ordonez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Polanco out at second. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Beltran pitching for Tigers. Gathright grounded out to second. Butler lined out to second. Olivo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Royals. Guillen singled to center. Sheffield fouled out to catcher. Thames flied out to left. Renteria fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Robertson pitching for Tigers. Gload grounded out to second. Teahen grounded out to first. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Callaspo doubled to deep right center. Aviles walked. German grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aviles out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Royals. Inge flied out to left. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco singled to center. Ordonez lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 3 - Royals 7.	Royals end 7-game skid