Cardinals - Top 1st. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Fowler struck out swinging. Díaz lined out to center. Carpenter walked. Piscotty reached on bunt single to first, Carpenter to second. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gardner struck out looking. Hicks grounded out to first. Castro singled to left. Ellsbury lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Gyorko singled to shallow left. Grichuk grounded out to pitcher, Gyorko to second. Garcia singled to left, Gyorko scored. Fowler singled to right, Garcia to second. Díaz flied out to center. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Headley singled to center. Judge tripled to deep right, Headley scored. Bird homered to right (444 feet), Judge scored. Romine singled to left. Torreyes grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Romine out at second. Gardner struck out looking. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Carpenter grounded out to second. Piscotty flied out to center. Adams lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Hicks singled to shallow left. Castro struck out swinging. Ellsbury struck out swinging. Hicks caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Molina struck out swinging. Gyorko grounded out to third. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Headley walked. Judge grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Headley out at second. Bird doubled to deep right. Romine walked. Torreyes grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Romine out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Garcia singled to right center. Fowler struck out swinging. Díaz grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Garcia out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gardner grounded out to second. Hicks homered to right (331 feet). Castro singled to left. Ellsbury grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castro out at second. Headley singled to right, Ellsbury to second. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Ellsbury to third, Headley to second on passed ball by Molina. Judge struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Carpenter flied out to left. Piscotty lined out to center. Adams grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Bird walked. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bird out at second. Torreyes flied out to center. Gardner grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Pineda pitching for Yankees. Molina homered to left (357 feet). Gyorko struck out swinging. Grichuk popped out to first. Garcia grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Hicks walked. Castro lined into double play, to first, Hicks doubled off first. Ellsbury walked. Ellsbury caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Headley batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Betances pitching for Yankees. Fowler popped out to third. Díaz grounded out to third. Carpenter singled to center. Piscotty walked, Carpenter to second. Adams struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Headley walked. Judge walked, Headley to second. Bird singled to right, Headley to third, Judge to second. Romine doubled to deep right center, Headley and Judge scored, Bird to third. Torreyes hit ground rule double to deep left, Bird and Romine scored. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Gardner grounded out to first, Torreyes to third. Hicks hit sacrifice fly to center, Torreyes scored. Castro flied out to right. 5 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Kozma at shortstop. Torreyes at third base. Mitchell pitching for Yankees. Fryer hit for Molina. Fryer doubled to right. Fryer to third on wild pitch by Mitchell. Gyorko walked. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to third, Fryer scored, Gyorko safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Torreyes. Garcia struck out swinging. Fowler flied out to left. Díaz lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 3 - Yankees 9.	Bird breaks out, Yanks sweep Cards 9-3 for 7th straight