Brewers - Top 1st. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Sogard walked. Thames homered to right center (413 feet), Sogard scored. Santana singled to left. Shaw grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Santana out at second. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Shaw out at second. Piña popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Carpenter fouled out to shortstop. Fowler grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Broxton walked. Arcia grounded out to second, Broxton to second. Garza singled to right, Broxton to third. Sogard doubled to center, Broxton and Garza scored. Thames doubled to right, Sogard scored. Santana flied out to right. Thames to third on wild pitch by Leake. Shaw singled to right, Thames scored. Pérez lined out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Gyorko grounded out to third. Molina singled to right. Díaz singled to shallow center, Molina to second. Martínez tripled to deep center, Molina and Díaz scored. Wong doubled to right, Martínez scored. Leake struck out swinging. Carpenter doubled to right, Wong scored. Fowler walked. Piscotty grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Piña grounded out to shortstop. Broxton grounded out to third. Arcia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Gyorko struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to third. Díaz grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Garza grounded out to third. Sogard grounded out to first. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Martínez lined out to center. Wong struck out swinging. Leake grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Santana grounded out to pitcher. Shaw singled to right. Pérez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Shaw out at second. Piña reached on infield single to shortstop, Pérez to second. Broxton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Carpenter walked. Fowler grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carpenter out at second. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Garcia at second base. Leake pitching for Cardinals. Arcia reached on infield single to pitcher. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arcia out at second. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arcia out at second. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin hit for Garza. Franklin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arcia out at second. Sogard grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Franklin out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Brewers. Gyorko struck out swinging. Molina struck out looking. Díaz popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Thames struck out swinging. Santana doubled to left. Shaw grounded out to pitcher. Pérez singled to right, Santana scored, Pérez to second advancing on throw. Piña struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Torres pitching for Brewers. Martínez grounded out to second. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Huffman hit for Siegrist. Huffman walked. Carpenter hit by pitch, Huffman to second. Fowler grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Bowman pitching for Cardinals. Broxton struck out looking. Arcia struck out swinging. Brinson hit for Torres. Brinson grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Piscotty lined out to right. Gyorko walked. Molina grounded out to second, Gyorko to second. Díaz homered to left (368 feet), Gyorko scored. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Martínez lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Sogard reached on bunt single to first. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Sogard out at second. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thames out at second. Shaw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Garcia grounded out to second. Pham hit for Cecil. Pham lined out to first. Carpenter singled to deep right. Fowler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Cardinals 6.	Thames' homer leads Brewers to 7-6 win over Cardinals