Cardinals - Top 1st. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Carpenter flied out to left. Fowler struck out looking. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Perkins struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to right. Altherr singled to center, Kendrick to second. Joseph grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick to third, Altherr safe at second on error by second baseman Garcia. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendrick scored, Joseph out at second, Altherr to third. Herrera doubled to deep center, Altherr and Franco scored. Galvis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Gyorko singled to right. Molina struck out swinging. Pham struck out looking. Garcia lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Knapp struck out swinging. Pivetta grounded out to second. Perkins reached on infield single to second. Kendrick singled to left center, Perkins to second. Altherr flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. DeJong struck out swinging. Wacha struck out swinging. Carpenter fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Joseph grounded out to third. Franco singled to right center. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Franco out at second. Herrera stole second. Galvis grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Fowler grounded out to first. Piscotty struck out swinging. Gyorko reached on infield single to shortstop. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Knapp walked. Pivetta singled to shallow right center, Knapp to second. Perkins struck out swinging. Kendrick singled to right, Knapp to third, Pivetta to second. Altherr grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Knapp scored, Kendrick out at second, Pivetta to third, Pivetta scored on throwing error by second baseman Garcia. Altherr to second on wild pitch by Wacha. Joseph singled to left, Altherr thrown out at home, Altherr to third advancing on play. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 5th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Pham homered to center (407 feet). Garcia struck out swinging. DeJong struck out looking. Huffman hit for Wacha. Huffman struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Herrera grounded out to third. Galvis doubled to left. Knapp intentionally walked. Pivetta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Pivetta pitching for Phillies. Carpenter struck out looking. Fowler lined out to shortstop. Piscotty walked. Gyorko homered to right (342 feet), Piscotty scored. Molina flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Perkins struck out swinging. Kendrick walked. Kendrick stole second, Kendrick safe at third on throwing error by pitcher Lyons. Altherr struck out swinging. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 7th. García pitching for Phillies. Pham struck out looking. Garcia grounded out to second. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Franco flied out to right. Herrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Galvis singled to right, Herrera to third. Knapp struck out swinging. Kelly hit for García. Kelly struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Benoit pitching for Phillies. Martínez hit for Lyons. Martínez homered to right (372 feet). Carpenter grounded out to second. Fowler struck out swinging. Piscotty doubled to deep right. Gyorko struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Martínez in right field. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Perkins grounded out to shortstop. Kendrick lined out to center. Altherr struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Neris pitching for Phillies. Molina flied out to center. Pham homered to center (435 feet). Garcia flied out to left. DeJong struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Joseph grounded out to pitcher. Franco singled to center. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Herrera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Franco out at second. Galvis doubled to left, Herrera thrown out at home. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Perkins in right field. Altherr in center field. Nava in left field. Ramos pitching for Phillies. Martínez doubled to deep right center. Martínez to third on balk by Ramos. Carpenter struck out looking. Fowler intentionally walked. Díaz hit for Cecil. Morgan pitching for Phillies. Díaz flied out to right. Gyorko intentionally walked. Molina singled to right, Fowler scored, Gyorko to third. Pham struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Bottom 10th. Díaz in left field. Pham in center field. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Knapp singled to deep right. Nava grounded out to second, Knapp to second. Perkins singled to center, Knapp scored. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to second, Perkins out at second. Altherr struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 7 - Phillies 6.	Cardinals rally from 5-0 deficit, beat Phillies 7-6