Cardinals - Top 1st. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Pham struck out swinging. Piscotty struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Descalso struck out swinging. Peralta reached on infield single to shortstop. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Peralta out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko flied out to center. Molina flied out to right. Grichuk flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lamb grounded out to second. Owings flied out to right. Drury struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. Garcia grounded out to first. Wainwright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fuentes singled to right. Mathis singled to center, Fuentes to second. Godley struck out swinging. Descalso walked, Fuentes to third, Mathis to second. Peralta lined out to left. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter walked. Pham singled to shallow right, Carpenter to second. Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Godley. Piscotty hit by pitch, Pham to second. Gyorko walked, Carpenter scored, Pham to third, Piscotty to second. Molina singled to left, Pham and Piscotty scored, Gyorko to second. Grichuk grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Molina out at second, Gyorko to third. DeJong flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lamb doubled to deep center. Owings doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Drury struck out looking. Owings stole third. Fuentes struck out swinging. Mathis struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Herrmann catching. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia walked. Wainwright struck out swinging. Carpenter bunt grounded out to pitcher, Garcia to second. Pham hit by pitch. Piscotty grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Godley struck out looking. Descalso lined out to center. Peralta grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko flied out to right. Molina flied out to center. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt grounded out to shortstop. Lamb grounded out to second. Owings doubled to left. Drury lined out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Godley pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJong struck out swinging. Garcia struck out swinging. Wainwright flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Fuentes singled to left. Herrmann singled to right, Fuentes to third. Marte hit for Godley. Marte flied out to right. Lyons pitching for Cardinals. Descalso grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Fuentes scored, Herrmann out at second. Peralta popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter hit ground rule double to deep right. Pham struck out looking. Carpenter to third on wild pitch by Shipley. Piscotty struck out swinging. Gyorko doubled to deep center, Carpenter scored. Molina intentionally walked. Grichuk struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Lamb struck out swinging. Owings bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Shipley pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJong singled to center. Garcia lined out to right. Martínez hit for Cecil. Martínez singled to right, DeJong to second. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Martínez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Drury singled to center. Drury to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Fuentes flied out to center. Herrmann walked. Blanco hit for McFarland. Blanco grounded out to shortstop, Drury to third, Herrmann to second. Drury scored, Herrmann to third on wild pitch by Rosenthal. Descalso walked. Peralta grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Diamondbacks 3.	Wainwright, Molina, Gyorko help Cardinals beat D-backs, 4-3