Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Descalso struck out swinging. Pollock grounded out to pitcher. Peralta lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. Pham singled to center. DeJong walked, Pham to second. Gyorko struck out swinging. Molina lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt walked. Martinez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Goldschmidt out at second. Owings grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Ray pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk grounded out to third. Voit lined out to pitcher. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Bader reached on infield single to pitcher. Wacha grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Drury struck out looking. Herrmann grounded out to shortstop. McFarland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out looking. Pham grounded out to shortstop. DeJong grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Descalso grounded out to pitcher. Pollock lined out to right. Peralta grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko doubled to right. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Grichuk reached on infield single to third. Voit grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Owings doubled to deep left center. Drury grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Bader flied out to right. Wacha grounded out to second. Carpenter grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Wacha pitching for Cardinals. Herrmann lined out to left. McFarland grounded out to third. Descalso singled to right. Pollock doubled to center, Descalso to third. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham safe at first on error by third baseman Descalso. Pham stole second. DeJong grounded out to second, Pham to third. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Gyorko singled to center, Pham scored. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gyorko out at second. Grichuk struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt singled to center. Martinez flied out to center, Goldschmidt to second. Owings struck out swinging. Drury reached on infield single to shortstop, Goldschmidt to third. Herrmann grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Diamondbacks. Voit walked. Wong ran for Voit. Bader reached on bunt single to second, Wong to second. Garcia hit for Oh. Owings at second base. Marte at shortstop. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia struck out bunting foul. Carpenter singled to center, Wong to third, Bader to second. Pham grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Carpenter out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Carpenter at first base. Wong at second base. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Marte singled to center. Descalso doubled to deep right, Marte to third. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Pollock struck out swinging. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Marte out at home, Descalso to third. Goldschmidt struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. DeJong grounded out to second. Gyorko singled to center. Molina popped out to third. Grichuk flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Martinez flied out to left. Owings struck out swinging. Lamb hit for Chafin. Lamb struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 0 - Cardinals 1.	Wacha, Gyorko lead Cardinals to 1-0 win over Diamondbacks