Cardinals - Top 1st. Cole pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to right. Pham homered to center (414 feet), Carpenter scored. Fowler struck out swinging. Gyorko lined out to left. Molina popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Frazier doubled to left center. Marte walked. McCutchen singled to left, Frazier to third, Marte to second. Bell struck out swinging. Freese singled to center, Frazier and Marte scored, McCutchen to second. Polanco singled to left, McCutchen to third, Freese to second. Díaz singled to left, McCutchen scored, Freese to third, Polanco to second. Mercer tripled to center, Freese, Polanco and Díaz scored. Cole grounded out to third. Frazier walked. Lucas pitching for Cardinals. Mercer scored, Frazier to second on wild pitch by Lucas. Marte tripled to deep center, Frazier scored. McCutchen grounded out to shortstop. 8 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Cole pitching for Pirates. DeJong safe at first on error by second baseman Frazier. Wong lined out to left. Piscotty lined into double play, pitcher to first, DeJong out at first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Bell walked. Freese grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Bell out at second. Polanco singled to deep right center. Díaz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Cole pitching for Pirates. Wainwright reached on infield single to second. Carpenter singled to center, Wainwright to second. Pham doubled to deep right, Wainwright scored, Carpenter to third. Fowler struck out swinging. Gyorko struck out looking. Molina popped out to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Mercer singled to left. Cole sacrificed to first, Mercer to second. Frazier singled to center, Mercer to third. Marte hit sacrifice fly to center, Mercer scored. McCutchen flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Cole pitching for Pirates. DeJong flied out to right. Wong reached on infield single to second. Piscotty struck out looking. Valera hit for Wainwright. Valera grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Bell struck out swinging. Freese grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Cole pitching for Pirates. Carpenter flied out to center. Pham grounded out to third. Fowler lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Díaz singled to deep right. Mercer doubled to deep left center, Díaz scored. Cole sacrificed to pitcher, Mercer to third. Frazier grounded out to second. Marte grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Díaz hit for Gyorko. Moroff at shortstop. Cole pitching for Pirates. Díaz doubled to left. Kelly hit for Molina. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Voit hit for DeJong. Voit struck out looking. Garcia hit for Wong. Garcia walked. Schugel pitching for Pirates. Piscotty walked, Díaz to third, Garcia to second. Grichuk hit for Tuivailala. Grichuk singled to center, Díaz scored, Garcia to third, Piscotty to second, Garcia scored, Piscotty to third, Grichuk to second on error by center fielder McCutchen. Bader hit for Carpenter. Bader reached on infield single to shortstop, Piscotty scored, Grichuk to third. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Bader out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Bader in left field. Díaz at third base. Kelly catching. Voit at first base. Garcia at second base. Mejia at shortstop. Alcántara pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen walked. Bell lined out to right. Freese lined out to center. Polanco singled to left, McCutchen to second. Díaz lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hudson pitching for Pirates. Fowler walked. Díaz grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Fowler out at second. Kelly struck out swinging. Voit struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Cecil pitching for Cardinals. Moroff grounded out to third. Bostick hit for Hudson. Bostick flied out to center. Frazier lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Runzler pitching for Pirates. Garcia struck out looking. Neverauskas pitching for Pirates. Piscotty grounded out to shortstop. Mejia grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Oh pitching for Cardinals. Marte flied out to center. McCutchen flied out to center. Bell walked. Freese doubled to deep center, Bell scored. Polanco intentionally walked. Díaz popped out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Barbato pitching for Pirates. Bader flied out to right. Sierra hit for Oh. Leathersich pitching for Pirates. Sierra struck out looking. Fowler flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Pirates 11.	Lynn struggles in Cardinals' 11-6 loss to Pirates