Brewers - Top 1st. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Thames struck out looking. Walker grounded out to first. Braun grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Garcia struck out looking. Pham lined out to shortstop. DeJong walked. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Shaw singled to left. Santana singled to left, Shaw to second. Vogt grounded out to first, Shaw to third, Santana to second. Arcia hit sacrifice fly to right, Shaw scored. Phillips flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Piscotty struck out looking. Bader struck out looking. Díaz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Guerra fouled out to catcher. Thames walked. Walker walked, Thames to second. Braun doubled to left, Thames scored, Walker to third. Shaw singled to deep center, Walker and Braun scored. Santana homered to center (428 feet), Shaw scored. Vogt popped out to third. Arcia singled to center. Phillips flied out to center. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Guerra pitching for Brewers. Kelly reached on infield single to third. Weaver struck out swinging. Garcia singled to left, Kelly to second. Pham walked, Kelly to third, Garcia to second. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. DeJong doubled to shallow right, Kelly and Garcia scored, Pham to third. Martínez hit ground rule double to deep right center, Pham and DeJong scored. Piscotty grounded out to second, Martínez to third. Bader struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Susac hit for Jeffress. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Susac singled to left. Thames struck out looking. Walker singled to center, Susac to second. Braun grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Walker out at second, Susac to third. Shaw intentionally walked, Braun to second. Santana struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Díaz singled to right. Kelly grounded into double play, third to second to first, Díaz out at second. Weaver struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Weaver pitching for Cardinals. Vogt struck out looking. Arcia grounded out to pitcher. Phillips singled to center. Barnes walked, Phillips to second. Duke pitching for Cardinals. Thames grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Barnes out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Barnes pitching for Brewers. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. Pham grounded out to pitcher. DeJong struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Duke pitching for Cardinals. Walker popped out to second. Braun grounded out to second. Shaw struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Hughes pitching for Brewers. Martínez walked. Piscotty grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Martínez out at second. Bader struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Brebbia pitching for Cardinals. Santana singled to center. Vogt flied out to center. Arcia singled to center, Santana to second. Phillips struck out swinging. Aguilar hit for Hughes. Aguilar struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Hader pitching for Brewers. Díaz flied out to right. Kelly grounded out to third. Grichuk hit for Brebbia. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Sherriff pitching for Cardinals. Thames grounded out to first. Walker struck out looking. Braun doubled to right. Shaw grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Sogard at second base. Walker at first base. Hader pitching for Brewers. Garcia singled to left. Swarzak pitching for Brewers. Pham walked, Garcia to second. DeJong grounded out to first, Garcia to third, Pham to second. Martínez walked. Piscotty singled to left into double play, left to third to second, Pham and Garcia scored, Martínez out at third, Piscotty out at second. Bader singled to left, Piscotty scored, Bader to second on error by left fielder Braun. Torres pitching for Brewers. Díaz lined out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 9th. Nicasio pitching for Cardinals. Santana lined out to second. Vogt grounded out to second. Arcia reached on infield single to second. Berry ran for Arcia. Berry stole second. Phillips struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 6 - Cardinals 7.	Brewers' playoff hopes dashed after Cards rally for 7-6 win