Astros - Top 1st. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Biggio doubled to left. Ensberg flied out to right, Biggio to third. Bagwell walked. Kent doubled to deep left center, Biggio scored, Bagwell to third. Hidalgo intentionally walked. Merced grounded into fielder's choice to second, Bagwell scored, Hidalgo out at second, Kent to third. Ausmus hit by pitch, Merced to second. Everett singled to shallow left center, Kent and Merced scored, Ausmus to third. Villone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Everett out at second. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Villone pitching for Astros. Derosa grounded out to third. Giles flied out to deep center. Sheffield walked. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 2nd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Biggio fouled out to first. Ensberg walked. Ensberg caught stealing second, catcher to second. Bagwell singled to left. Kent lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Villone pitching for Astros. Jones walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Jones caught stealing second, catcher to second. Franco walked. Castilla singled to left, Franco to second. Ramirez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 3rd. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Hidalgo singled to center. Merced grounded into fielder's choice to first, Hidalgo out at second. Ausmus grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Merced out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Villone pitching for Astros. Derosa singled to left. Giles popped out to shortstop. Sheffield safe at first on error by third baseman Ensberg, Derosa to second. Jones walked, Derosa to third, Sheffield to second. Jones hit sacrifice fly to right, Derosa scored, Sheffield to third. Lopez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Astros - Top 4th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Everett lined out to third. Villone grounded out to first. Biggio walked. Ensberg grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Villone pitching for Astros. Franco flied out to center. Castilla flied out to left. Ramirez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 5th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Bagwell singled to center. Kent safe at first on error by third baseman Castilla, Bagwell to second. Hidalgo struck out swinging. Merced grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Villone pitching for Astros. Derosa flied out to deep center. Giles grounded out to second. Sheffield walked. Jones walked, Sheffield to second. Jones singled to left, Sheffield scored, Jones to second. Lopez flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 6th. Ramirez pitching for Braves. Ausmus singled to left. Bruntlett hit for Villone. Everett sacrificed to pitcher, Ausmus to second. Bruntlett singled to left, Ausmus to third. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Biggio grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ausmus scored, Bruntlett out at second. Lidge pitching for Astros. Ensberg flied out to right center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Franco doubled to right. Franco hit for Gryboski. Castilla struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to shortstop, Franco to third. Marquis pitching for Braves. Derosa grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 7th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Bagwell popped out to second. Kent reached on infield single to third. Hidalgo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Kent out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Lidge pitching for Astros. Giles walked. Sheffield reached on infield single to second, Giles to second. Jones struck out swinging. Jones flied out to center, Giles to third. Dotel pitching for Astros. Fick hit for Franco. Lopez singled to left center, Giles scored, Sheffield to third. Fick at first base. Fick grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Astros - Top 8th. Marquis pitching for Braves. Merced singled to left. Ausmus flied out to shallow right. Everett singled to center, Merced to second. Dotel struck out swinging. Biggio singled to left, Merced scored, Everett to second. Ensberg singled to left, Everett scored, Biggio to second. Bagwell flied out to deep right. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Bragg hit for Marquis. Dotel pitching for Astros. Castilla singled to right. Bragg singled to left, Castilla to second. Derosa grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Castilla out at third, Bragg to second, Bragg to third, Derosa to second on throwing error by third baseman Ensberg. Giles struck out swinging. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Sheffield flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Astros - Top 9th. Hernandez pitching for Braves. Kent flied out to deep center. Hidalgo popped out to shallow right. Merced grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 9th. Wagner pitching for Astros. Jones struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to third. Lopez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Astros 7 - Braves 3.	Quick start helps wild Villone beat Braves