Angels - Top 1st. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Figgins struck out looking. Matthews grounded out to second. Guerrero popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Lopez lined out to left. Ibanez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Anderson flied out to right. Kendrick popped out to second. Kotchman doubled to shallow left. Rivera fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 8 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Sexson singled to center. Vidro singled to left, Sexson to second. Morse struck out swinging. Cairo walked, Sexson to third, Vidro to second. Burke grounded into double play, pitcher to catcher to first, Sexson out at home. 0 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Mathis singled to deep center. Aybar singled to left, Mathis to second. Figgins grounded out to first, Mathis to third, Aybar to second. Matthews flied out to right. Guerrero doubled to right center, Mathis and Aybar scored. Anderson popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 16 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki walked. Suzuki stole second. Lopez flied out to right, Suzuki to third. Ibanez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Kendrick singled to left center. Kendrick caught stealing second, catcher to first to shortstop to pitcher. Kotchman walked. Rivera singled to right, Kotchman to second. Mathis popped out to third. Aybar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 7 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Sexson safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar. Vidro grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Sexson out at second. Morse singled to left. Cairo lined out to center. 0 Runs, 8 Hits, 2 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Seung Baek pitching for Mariners. Figgins singled to left. Figgins stole second. Matthews struck out swinging. Guerrero intentionally walked. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Anderson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Figgins out at third, Guerrero to second. Kendrick doubled to deep right, Guerrero scored, Anderson to third. Kotchman singled to left, Anderson scored, Kendrick to third. Kendrick caught stealing home, pitcher to first to shortstop to catcher. Rivera batting. 2 Runs, 16 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Burke flied out to left. Betancourt popped out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Rivera flied out to left. Mathis doubled to right center. Aybar singled to left, Mathis to third. Figgins singled to center, Mathis scored, Aybar to second. Aybar stole third. Figgins stole second. Matthews singled to center, Aybar and Figgins scored. Guerrero struck out swinging. Anderson popped out to second. 3 Runs, 18 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Lopez reached on infield single to shortstop. Ibanez flied out to center. Sexson walked, Lopez to second. Vidro singled to center, Lopez to third, Sexson to second. Norton hit for Morse. Norton singled to right, Lopez scored, Sexson to third, Vidro to second. Speier pitching for Angels. Cairo grounded out to shortstop, Sexson scored, Vidro to third, Norton to second. Burke grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 12 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Norton in right field. O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners. Kendrick doubled to deep right center. Izturis ran for Kendrick. Kotchman grounded out to second, Izturis to third. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Izturis scored. Mathis homered to left, Rivera scored. Aybar grounded out to third. Figgins struck out looking. 3 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Izturis at second base. Speier pitching for Angels. Betancourt safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Betancourt to second on wild pitch by Speier. Suzuki walked. Lopez struck out swinging. Oliver pitching for Angels. Ibanez doubled to deep right, Betancourt and Suzuki scored. Sexson flied out to center. Ibanez to third on wild pitch by Oliver. Vidro lined out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Matthews grounded out to second. Guerrero grounded out to second. Anderson flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Norton reached on infield single to third. Cairo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Norton out at second. Burke grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Izturis lined out to left. Kotchman singled to right. Rivera grounded into double play, second to first, Kotchman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Lopez singled to left center. Lopez to second on fielder's indifference. Ibanez singled to left center, Lopez scored. Sexson grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Ibanez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 10 - Mariners 5.	Angels avoid sweep vs. M's; Bedard scratched