Athletics - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Angels. Suzuki grounded out to second. Ellis flied out to right. Barton safe at first on error by third baseman Brown. Thomas lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Figgins lined out to first. Matthews grounded out to third. Guerrero struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Angels. Brown flied out to right. Cust lined out to second. Crosby lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Hunter singled to center. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second. Rivera doubled to right, Aybar to third. Kotchman doubled to left, Aybar and Rivera scored. Mathis struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Angels. Hannahan singled to left. Sweeney grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hannahan out at second. Suzuki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Figgins walked. Figgins stole second. Matthews grounded out to shortstop, Figgins to third. Guerrero intentionally walked. Hunter singled to left, Figgins scored, Guerrero to second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hunter out at second, Guerrero to third. Rivera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Angels. Ellis flied out to right. Barton grounded out to first. Thomas flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Kotchman grounded out to first. Mathis grounded out to second. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Angels. Brown struck out swinging. Cust walked. Crosby flied out to left. Hannahan safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Brown, Cust to second. Sweeney singled to left, Cust scored, Hannahan to third, Sweeney to second advancing on throw. Suzuki struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Figgins struck out swinging. Matthews grounded out to second. Guerrero grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Angels. Ellis grounded out to second. Barton singled to center. Thomas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barton out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Hunter grounded out to first. Aybar reached on infield single to shortstop. Rivera singled to left, Aybar to third. Kotchman doubled to right, Aybar scored, Rivera to third. Devine pitching for Athletics. Mathis reached on bunt single to pitcher, Rivera scored, Kotchman to third. Brown struck out swinging. Figgins singled to left, Kotchman scored, Mathis to second. Matthews struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Angels. Brown flied out to right. Cust doubled to deep left. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. Oliver pitching for Angels. Sweeney hit for Hannahan. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Murphy at third base. Embree pitching for Athletics. Guerrero grounded out to second. Hunter popped out to first. Aybar grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Oliver pitching for Angels. Sweeney struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to right. Ellis reached on infield single to shortstop, Suzuki to second. Barton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ellis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Rivera grounded out to second. Kotchman singled to center. Mathis struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Speier pitching for Angels. Thomas struck out swinging. Brown grounded out to third. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 1 - Angels 6.	Santana stays hot as Angels cool off Athletics