White Sox - Top 1st. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Cabrera grounded out to second. Quentin grounded out to third. Thome flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Matthews grounded out to shortstop. Aybar singled to center. Guerrero grounded out to second, Aybar to second. Hunter grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Konerko flied out to right. Dye singled to right. Pierzynski walked, Dye to second. Swisher singled to center, Dye to third, Pierzynski to second. Crede reached on infield single to shortstop, Dye scored, Pierzynski to third, Swisher to second. Uribe singled to center, Pierzynski and Swisher scored, Crede to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Quinlan walked. Anderson singled to right, Quinlan to third. Napoli hit sacrifice fly to left, Quinlan scored. Brown struck out looking. Rodriguez singled to right, Anderson to second. Matthews singled to left, Anderson scored, Rodriguez to second. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to third, Rodriguez out at third, Matthews to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Quentin flied out to right. Thome grounded out to second. Konerko grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Guerrero lined out to left. Hunter flied out to right. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Dye reached on infield single to shortstop. Pierzynski grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Dye out at second. Swisher doubled to left. Swisher to third on wild pitch by Adenhart. Crede singled to center, Swisher scored. Uribe singled to left, Crede to second. Cabrera grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Uribe out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Anderson flied out to center. Napoli struck out swinging. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Quentin flied out to right. Thome walked. Konerko grounded into double play, third to second to first, Thome out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Rodriguez reached on infield single to shortstop. Matthews reached on infield single to second, Rodriguez to second. Aybar sacrificed to third, Rodriguez to third, Matthews to second. Guerrero homered to left, Rodriguez and Matthews scored. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Quinlan reached on infield single to third. Anderson tripled to center, Quinlan scored. Napoli grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Adenhart pitching for Angels. Dye struck out looking. Pierzynski doubled to deep right. Swisher flied out to center. Crede walked. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Pierzynski to third, Crede to second on passed ball by Napoli. Uribe walked. Cabrera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Buehrle pitching for White Sox. Brown struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Matthews safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Crede. Aybar doubled to left, Matthews scored. Wassermann pitching for White Sox. Guerrero singled to center, Aybar scored. Hunter reached on infield single to third, Guerrero to second. Kotchman hit for Quinlan. Logan pitching for White Sox. Guerrero to third, Hunter to second on wild pitch by Logan. Kotchman singled to center, Guerrero and Hunter scored. Anderson singled to right, Kotchman to third. Napoli struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. White Sox - Top 7th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Quentin batting. Thome batting. Konerko lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Ramirez in center field. Swisher in left field. Ozuna at third base. Dotel pitching for White Sox. Brown struck out looking. Rodriguez flied out to right. Matthews popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Bootcheck pitching for Angels. Dye doubled to center. Pierzynski doubled to deep right center, Dye scored. Swisher flied out to center, Pierzynski to third. Ramirez reached on infield single to shortstop, Pierzynski scored. Shields pitching for Angels. Uribe grounded into double play, third to second to first, Ramirez out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Thornton pitching for White Sox. Aybar grounded out to third. Guerrero grounded out to third. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop, Cabrera to second on throwing error by shortstop Aybar. Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Shields. Ozuna grounded out to second, Cabrera scored. Thome walked. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Konerko grounded out to first, Thome to second. Dye reached on infield single to shortstop, Thome to third. Pierzynski struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 7 - Angels 10.	Angels bash Buehrle, White Sox to end losing skid