Angels - Top 1st. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Figgins singled to shallow right center. Aybar walked, Figgins to second. Teixeira grounded out to first, Figgins to third, Aybar to second. Anderson singled to right, Figgins and Aybar scored. Kendrick singled to shallow center, Anderson to second. Rivera fouled out to catcher. Matthews popped out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Lackey pitching for Angels. Damon reached on infield single to second. Jeter sacrificed to pitcher, Damon to second. Abreu struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits walked. Figgins doubled to center, Willits to third. Aybar reached on infield single to first, Willits scored, Figgins to third. Teixeira grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Aybar out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Giambi grounded out to first. Nady singled to left. Betemit grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Nady out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Anderson flied out to left. Kendrick flied out to right. Rivera flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Lackey pitching for Angels. Rodriguez grounded out to second. Cabrera flied out to left. Damon grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Rasner pitching for Yankees. Matthews grounded out to second. Mathis popped out to third. Willits walked. Figgins singled to left, Willits to second. Aybar doubled to deep right, Willits and Figgins scored. Teixeira lined out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Jeter walked. Abreu singled to shallow center, Jeter to third. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Giambi walked, Abreu to second. Nady flied out to left, Abreu thrown out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Giese pitching for Yankees. Anderson struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rivera struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Betemit grounded out to first. Rodriguez homered to left. Cabrera grounded out to shortstop. Damon grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Giese pitching for Yankees. Matthews grounded out to first. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits walked. Figgins flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Lackey pitching for Angels. Jeter singled to shallow center. Abreu singled to shallow center, Jeter to third. Rodriguez walked, Abreu to second. Giambi fouled out to third. Nady hit ground rule double to deep right center, Jeter and Abreu scored, Rodriguez to third. Betemit grounded out to second, Rodriguez scored, Nady to third. Rodriguez walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Giese pitching for Yankees. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Teixeira flied out to right. Anderson doubled to shallow left. Kendrick intentionally walked. Rivera popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Damon grounded out to second. Jeter safe at second on error by center fielder Matthews. Abreu singled to center, Jeter scored. Rodriguez singled to left, Abreu to second. Giambi flied out to left. Nady homered to left, Abreu and Rodriguez scored. Betemit flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 8th. Cano at second base. Sexson at first base. Ramirez pitching for Yankees. Matthews struck out swinging. Mathis struck out swinging. Willits walked. Figgins singled to shallow left, Willits to second. Aybar walked, Willits to third, Figgins to second. Teixeira homered to right, Willits, Figgins and Aybar scored. Anderson grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Shields pitching for Angels. Rodriguez singled to left. Christian ran for Rodriguez. Cabrera safe at first on error by shortstop Aybar, Christian to second. Christian stole third, Cabrera stole second, Christian scored, Cabrera safe at third on throwing error by catcher Mathis. Damon walked. Jeter grounded out to shortstop, Damon to second. Abreu walked. Rodriguez safe at first on error by third baseman Figgins, Cabrera scored, Damon to third, Abreu to second. Oliver pitching for Angels. Cano singled to shallow center, Damon and Abreu scored, Rodriguez to second. Nady singled to shallow left, Rodriguez scored, Cano to third. Sexson struck out looking. Christian singled to shallow right, Cano scored, Nady to second. Cabrera flied out to right. 6 Runs, 4 Hits, 3 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Veras pitching for Yankees. Rivera doubled to left. Matthews struck out looking. Mathis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 9 - Yankees 14.	Nady's 6 RBIs help Yanks split with Angels