Orioles - Top 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Roberts struck out swinging. Markakis struck out swinging. Mora singled to left. Huff grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Figgins singled to left. Figgins to second on passed ball by Hernandez. Aybar reached on bunt single to pitcher, Figgins to third. Teixeira singled to left center, Figgins scored, Aybar to second. Guerrero grounded into double play, third to first, Aybar out at third, Teixeira to second. Hunter walked. Anderson grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Hernandez grounded out to second. Millar grounded out to third. Scott grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Kendrick struck out swinging. Rivera grounded out to third. Mathis hit by pitch. Figgins popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Payton reached on infield single to pitcher. Castro grounded into double play, third to second to first, Payton out at second. Roberts singled to right center. Markakis singled to center, Roberts to third. Mora flied out to right. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to deep right. Guerrero homered to center, Teixeira scored. Hunter singled to center. Anderson walked, Hunter to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Anderson out at second, Hunter to third. Rivera grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kendrick out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Huff grounded out to second. Hernandez grounded out to shortstop. Millar flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Sarfate pitching for Orioles. Mathis hit by pitch. Figgins walked, Mathis to second. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Aybar sacrificed to third, Mathis to third, Figgins to second. Teixeira intentionally walked. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Mathis out at home, Figgins to third, Teixeira to second. Hunter hit by pitch, Figgins scored, Teixeira to third, Guerrero to second. Anderson reached on infield single to third, Teixeira scored, Guerrero to third, Hunter to second. Kendrick lined out to third. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Scott hit by pitch. Payton walked, Scott to second. Castro flied out to right. Roberts walked, Scott to third, Payton to second. Markakis grounded out to pitcher, Scott scored, Payton to third, Roberts to second. Mora lined out to center. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Rivera popped out to second. Mathis struck out swinging. Figgins walked. Aybar struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Huff reached on infield single to shortstop. Hernandez singled to left, Huff to second. Millar flied out to center, Huff to third. Scott grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hernandez out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 6th. Bierd pitching for Orioles. Teixeira flied out to left. Guerrero singled to right. Hunter fouled out to first. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Anderson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Payton struck out swinging. Castro flied out to center. Roberts flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Castillo pitching for Orioles. Kendrick reached on infield single to second. Kendrick stole second. Rivera grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera pitching for Orioles. Kendrick stole third. Mathis popped out to shortstop. Figgins grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Markakis struck out looking. Mora walked. Huff flied out to left. Hernandez grounded into fielder's choice to second, Mora out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. Teixeira struck out swinging. Guerrero flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Shields pitching for Angels. Millar singled to left. Scott popped out to second. Payton flied out to center. Cintron hit for Castro. Cintron singled to center, Millar to second. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Roberts safe at first on error by first baseman Teixeira, Millar to third, Cintron to second. Markakis singled to right center, Millar and Cintron scored, Roberts to second. Roberts to third, Markakis to second on wild pitch by Rodriguez. Mora doubled to left, Roberts and Markakis scored. Huff struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 9th. Cintron at shortstop. Sherrill pitching for Orioles. Hunter doubled to left center. Anderson grounded out to pitcher, Hunter to third. Kendrick intentionally walked. Rivera popped out to shortstop. Mathis walked, Kendrick to second. Figgins walked, Hunter scored, Kendrick to third, Mathis to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 5 - Angels 6.	Angels get past O's on bases-loaded walk