Angels - Top 1st. Sowers pitching for Indians. Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop. Aybar singled to center, Figgins to second. Teixeira singled to center, Figgins scored, Aybar to second, Aybar to third, Teixeira to second on error by center fielder Sizemore. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Aybar scored, Teixeira out at third. Hunter walked, Guerrero to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to third, Hunter out at second, Guerrero to third. Rivera flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Sizemore popped out to shortstop. Carroll singled to left. Francisco singled to left, Carroll to second. Peralta flied out to right. Garko hit by pitch, Carroll to third, Francisco to second. Gutierrez singled to center, Carroll and Francisco scored, Garko to second. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Quinlan singled to right. Quinlan stole second. Mathis struck out swinging. Figgins grounded out to third. Aybar flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Fasano flied out to center. Cabrera flied out to right. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Sowers pitching for Indians. Teixeira popped out to second. Guerrero grounded out to first. Hunter walked. Hunter caught stealing second, catcher to second. Kendrick batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Carroll walked. Francisco singled to left, Carroll to second. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Francisco out at second, Carroll to third. Garko reached on infield single to second, Carroll scored. Gutierrez singled to left, Garko to second. Gonzalez lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rivera grounded out to third. Quinlan singled to center. Mathis grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Fasano grounded out to third. Cabrera grounded out to third. Sizemore doubled to center. Carroll struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Figgins singled to center. Aybar popped out to shortstop. Teixeira singled to left, Figgins to second. Guerrero grounded into fielder's choice to third, Teixeira out at second, Figgins to third. Figgins scored, Guerrero to second on passed ball by Fasano. Guerrero stole third. Hunter popped out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Francisco flied out to right. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Garko doubled to deep center. Gutierrez walked. Gonzalez fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Rivera lined out to right. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Speier pitching for Angels. Fasano doubled to deep center. Cabrera sacrificed to third, Fasano to third. Sizemore singled to right center, Fasano scored. Carroll flied out to right. Sizemore stole second. Francisco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Sowers pitching for Indians. Mathis fouled out to first. Figgins lined out to center. Aybar doubled to deep left. Perez pitching for Indians. Teixeira struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Speier pitching for Angels. Peralta flied out to left. Garko walked. Gutierrez reached on infield single to shortstop, Garko to second. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Gonzalez grounded into double play, third to first, Garko out at third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Perez pitching for Indians. Guerrero struck out swinging. Hunter struck out swinging. Kendrick grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 8th. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Fasano struck out swinging. Cabrera flied out to right. Sizemore flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Lewis pitching for Indians. Rivera singled to center. Matthews ran for Rivera. Rodriguez hit for Quinlan. Rodriguez sacrificed to first, Matthews to second. Morales hit for Mathis. Morales singled to right center, Matthews to third. Figgins popped out to third. Aybar fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 3 - Indians 4.	Indians hand Angels rare series defeat