Angels - Top 1st. Outman pitching for Athletics. Willits walked. Matthews singled to left center, Willits to third. Teixeira singled to right, Willits scored, Matthews to second. Hunter grounded out to pitcher, Matthews to third, Teixeira to second. Quinlan flied out to center. Morales fouled out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Saunders pitching for Angels. Davis singled to left. Davis stole second. Cunningham struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Davis out at third. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Napoli struck out swinging. Wood struck out swinging. Rodriguez doubled to deep right. Willits grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Denorfia flied out to center. Crosby lined out to right. Pennington lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Matthews singled to center. Teixeira flied out to right. Hunter singled to left, Matthews to second. Quinlan grounded out to second, Matthews to third, Hunter to second. Morales walked. Napoli grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morales out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Saunders pitching for Angels. Hannahan singled to left. Baisley singled to right, Hannahan to second. Davis struck out swinging. Cunningham flied out to center. Suzuki grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Wood struck out swinging. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Willits flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Brown walked. Denorfia singled to right, Brown to second. Crosby walked, Brown to third, Denorfia to second. Pennington grounded into double play, third to catcher, Denorfia out at third, Brown out at home, Crosby to second, Pennington to first. Hannahan struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Matthews grounded out to first. Teixeira walked. Hunter singled to center, Teixeira to second. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Quinlan singled to right, Teixeira scored, Hunter to third. Morales fouled out to third. Hunter stole home. Quinlan stole second. Napoli walked. Quinlan to third on wild pitch by Casilla. Wood fouled out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Baisley safe at first on error by third baseman Quinlan. Davis popped out to second. Cunningham popped out to second. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Angels - Top 6th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez flied out to center. Willits walked. Matthews grounded out to second, Willits to second. Teixeira intentionally walked. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Brown walked. Denorfia grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Brown out at second. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Quinlan flied out to center. Morales homered to right center. Napoli homered to right. Wood homered to left. Rodriguez popped out to first. Willits grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Saunders pitching for Angels. Pennington singled to right. Hannahan grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Pennington out at second. Baisley singled to right. Davis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Matthews doubled to deep left center. Teixeira flied out to left. Hunter grounded out to third. Quinlan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Speier pitching for Angels. Cunningham popped out to third. Suzuki lined out to left. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Meyer pitching for Athletics. Morales flied out to right. Napoli singled to right. Wood grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Napoli out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Bulger pitching for Angels. Denorfia hit by pitch. Crosby walked, Denorfia to second. Arredondo pitching for Angels. Pennington walked, Denorfia to third, Crosby to second. Gonzalez hit for Hannahan. Gonzalez reached on infield single to first, Denorfia scored, Crosby to third, Pennington to second. Buck hit for Baisley. Buck struck out swinging. Cust hit for Davis. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Cust walked, Crosby scored, Pennington to third, Gonzalez to second. Cunningham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington scored, Cust out at second, Gonzalez to third. Suzuki singled to center, Gonzalez scored, Cunningham to third. Sweeney hit for Brown. Sweeney grounded out to second. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 6 - Athletics 4.	Angels hit 3 solo homers in 7th, then hold off A's