Reds - Top 1st . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Senzel grounded out to pitcher . Winker grounded out to second . Suárez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Mahle pitching for Reds . Tapia doubled to deep right . Story safe at first on error by third baseman Suárez . Dahl lined out to center . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Story out at second , Tapia to third . Desmond singled to center , Tapia scored , Murphy to second . McMahon doubled to deep right , Desmond scored and Murphy scored . Wolters singled to left , McMahon scored . Hampson singled to left center , Wolters to second . Senzatela lined out to right . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 2nd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dietrich doubled to deep right . Ervin walked . Gennett singled to right , Dietrich scored and Ervin scored on error by right fielder Dahl , Gennett safe at second on error by right fielder Dahl . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Gennett out at third in rundown . Farmer singled to right , Iglesias to second . Mahle sacrificed to pitcher , Farmer to second , Iglesias to third . Senzel walked . Winker reached on infield single to second , Farmer scored and Iglesias scored , Senzel to second . Suárez grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Mahle pitching for Reds . Tapia grounded out to second . Story popped out to second . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 3rd . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Dietrich struck out swinging . Ervin grounded out to shortstop . Gennett struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Mahle pitching for Reds . Murphy safe at first on error by first baseman Dietrich , Murphy out stretching at second . Desmond grounded out to third . McMahon singled to left center . Wolters lined out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 4th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Iglesias grounded out to second . Farmer popped out to first . Mahle grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Mahle pitching for Reds . Hampson grounded out to second . Senzatela struck out looking . Tapia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Senzel hit by pitch . Senzel stole second . Winker grounded out to shortstop , Senzel to third . Suárez hit sacrifice fly to center , Senzel scored . Dietrich grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Mahle pitching for Reds . Story singled to deep right . Dahl singled to right , Story to second . Murphy doubled to right , Dahl scored and Story scored . Desmond grounded out to second , Murphy to third . McMahon tripled to deep right , Murphy scored . Wolters singled to left , McMahon scored . Hampson singled to center , Wolters scored on error by center fielder Senzel , Hampson safe at second on error by center fielder Senzel . Bowman pitching for Reds . Senzatela grounded out to second , Hampson scored . Tapia singled to left . Story struck out swinging . 6 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Ervin tripled to deep right . Gennett doubled to deep left center , Ervin scored . Iglesias struck out swinging . Farmer singled to right center , Gennett scored . Tinoco pitching for Rockies . Peraza hit for Bowman . Peraza homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Farmer scored . Senzel grounded out to shortstop . Gray hit for Winker . Gray struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . Ervin in right field . Peraza in left field . Dahl lined out to third . Murphy popped out to second . Desmond struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . McMahon at second base . Hampson in center field . Arenado at third base . Suárez struck out swinging . Dietrich grounded out to second . Ervin grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . McMahon struck out swinging . Wolters struck out swinging . Hampson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Oberg pitching for Rockies . Gennett grounded out to second . Iglesias singled to center . Votto hit for Farmer . Votto lined out to center . Iglesias caught stealing second , catcher to second . Scott Oberg pitches to Jose Peraza . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Puig in right field . Ervin in left field . Casali catching . Iglesias pitching for Reds . Peraza at shortstop . Arenado popped out to second . Tapia lined out to shortstop . Story singled to left center . Dahl struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Peraza struck out swinging . Senzel struck out swinging . Puig lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 9 - Rockies 10 .	McMahon leads offensive show , Rockies beat Reds 10 - 9