Cardinals - Top 1st . Mahle pitching for Reds . Edman struck out swinging . Martínez struck out swinging . Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third . O'Neill flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Winker struck out swinging . Votto singled to center . Suárez struck out looking . Puig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Peraza at third base . Mahle pitching for Reds . Fowler struck out swinging . Wong singled to left . DeJong grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wong out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Gennett struck out swinging . Ervin flied out to right . Iglesias struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Mahle pitching for Reds . Knizner grounded out to shortstop . Wainwright struck out looking . Edman flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Mahle singled to left . Lavarnway doubled to deep center , Mahle scored . Winker lined out to left . Votto doubled to right center , Lavarnway scored . Peraza singled to center , Votto scored , Peraza to second . Puig singled to deep center , Peraza scored . Puig caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Gennett grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Mahle pitching for Reds . Martínez walked . Goldschmidt singled to right , Martínez to second . O'Neill grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Goldschmidt out at second , Martínez to third . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ervin lined out to shortstop . Iglesias singled to left . Mahle singled to center , Iglesias to third . Lavarnway homered to right ( 363 feet ) , Iglesias scored and Mahle scored . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Bader in center field . Winker reached on infield single to pitcher . Votto struck out swinging . Peraza flied out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Mahle pitching for Reds . Wong grounded out to second . DeJong flied out to center . Knizner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Wacha pitching for Cardinals . Puig singled to right . Gennett singled to right , Puig to second . Ervin popped out to first . Iglesias grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gennett out at second , Puig to third . Mahle grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Mahle pitching for Reds . Bader singled to center . Edman singled to right , Bader to second . Martínez reached on infield single to first , Edman to second , Bader to third . Goldschmidt hit sacrifice fly to left , Bader scored , Edman to third . O'Neill singled to left , Edman scored , Martínez to second . Muñoz hit for Wacha . Bowman pitching for Reds . Muñoz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , O'Neill to second , Martínez to third . Wong hit sacrifice fly to right , Martínez scored , Muñoz to second , O'Neill to third . DeJong doubled to left , Muñoz scored and O'Neill scored . Hughes pitching for Reds . Knizner doubled to deep right center , DeJong scored . Bader walked . Knizner scored on error by first baseman Votto and Bader scored on error by first baseman Votto , Edman safe at third on error by first baseman Votto . Edman stole second . Martínez homered to center ( 414 feet ) , Bader scored , Edman scored and Edman scored . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 10 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Bottom 6th . Shreve pitching for Cardinals . Muñoz in right field . Lavarnway struck out swinging . Winker popped out to shortstop . Votto walked . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Peraza singled to left , Votto to second . Puig flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Stephenson pitching for Reds . O'Neill struck out looking . Muñoz grounded out to third . Wong walked . DeJong homered to left ( 420 feet ) , Wong scored . Knizner struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Gant pitching for Cardinals . Gennett lined out to right . Ervin singled to center . Iglesias grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ervin out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Peraza at shortstop . VanMeter at third base . VanMeter at third base . Herget pitching for Reds . Bader flied out to left . Edman flied out to center . Sosa hit for Gant . Sosa grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Leone pitching for Cardinals . VanMeter singled to right . Lavarnway homered to center ( 428 feet ) , VanMeter scored . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Winker walked . Votto struck out swinging . Peraza flied out to left . Winker to second on wild pitch by Miller . Puig struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Herget pitching for Reds . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . O'Neill fouled out to right . Muñoz lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Martínez pitching for Cardinals . Gennett struck out swinging . Ervin struck out swinging . Dietrich hit for Herget . Dietrich doubled to deep right center . VanMeter walked . Lavarnway walked , VanMeter to second , Dietrich to third . Gray ran for Lavarnway . Winker singled to right , Dietrich scored and VanMeter scored , Gray to third . Votto grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 12 - Reds 11 .	Martinez , Cards score 10 runs in 6th , rally past Reds 12 - 11