Brewers - Top 1st. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gómez safe at first on error by second baseman Wong. Lucroy walked, Gómez to second. Braun flied out to center, Gómez to third. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to second, Gómez scored, Lucroy out at second. Ramírez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Carpenter lined out to center. Heyward grounded out to third. Holliday walked. Adams grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Davis singled to center. Segura doubled to deep right, Davis to third. Gennett grounded out to shortstop, Davis scored. Garza sacrificed to first, Segura to third. Gómez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Peralta singled to center. Jay lined out to left. Molina struck out looking. Peralta to second on wild pitch by Garza. Wong walked. Wainwright bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Lucroy struck out looking. Braun grounded out to third. Lind grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Carpenter doubled to deep center. Heyward flied out to left. Holliday singled to right, Carpenter to third. Adams grounded out to second, Carpenter scored, Holliday to second. Peralta walked. Jay struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Ramírez struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop. Segura flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Molina walked. Wong walked, Molina to second. Wainwright bunted into fielder's choice to third, Molina out at third, Wong to second, Wong scored, Wainwright to second on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Carpenter flied out to left. Heyward struck out swinging. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 5th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gennett lined out to center. Garza popped out to second. Gómez singled to center. Lucroy grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Holliday singled to center. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second. Peralta struck out swinging. Jay singled to right, Adams to second. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Braun singled to right. Lind doubled to deep right, Braun to third. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop, Braun scored, Lind to third. Davis struck out looking. Segura lined out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Wong grounded out to second. Wainwright grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter singled to right. Smith pitching for Brewers. Heyward struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Wainwright pitching for Cardinals. Gennett singled to right. Schafer hit for Smith. Schafer sacrificed to pitcher, Gennett to second. Gómez doubled to left, Gennett scored. Lucroy reached on infield single to second, Gómez scored on throwing error by second baseman Wong. Braun grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lucroy out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Holliday safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Adams singled to center, Holliday to second. Holliday to third, Adams to second on wild pitch by Jeffress. Peralta doubled to right, Holliday and Adams scored. Jay flied out to left. Molina grounded out to second, Peralta to third. Wong intentionally walked. Grichuk hit for Wainwright. Grichuk grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 8th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Lind grounded out to first. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Ramírez flied out to right. Davis struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Broxton pitching for Brewers. Parra in left field. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Heyward singled to left. Holliday struck out swinging. Adams lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Belisle pitching for Cardinals. Segura lined out to right. Gennett struck out looking. Parra grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Rodriguez pitching for Brewers. Peralta lined out to pitcher. Jay grounded out to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 5 - Cardinals 4.	Garza, Brewers spoil Cardinals home opener, 5-4