Brewers - Top 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Segura grounded out to second. Parra doubled to deep center. Braun homered to center (430 feet), Parra scored. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. Ramírez homered to right center (381 feet). Rogers struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Blackmon grounded out to first. LeMahieu grounded out to third. Tulowitzki lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Peterson reached on infield single to second. Pérez doubled to deep left, Peterson scored. Jungmann walked. Segura grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pérez out at third, Jungmann to second. Parra grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Segura out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. González grounded out to second. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Paulsen reached on infield single to second. Hundley grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Paulsen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Braun struck out swinging. Lucroy singled to left center. Ramírez singled to left, Lucroy to third. Rogers walked, Ramírez to second. Peterson walked, Lucroy scored, Ramírez to third, Rogers to second. Pérez struck out swinging. Jungmann grounded into fielder's choice to second, Peterson out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Barnes struck out looking. De La Rosa lined out to left. Blackmon grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Segura reached on infield single to shortstop. Parra singled to center, Segura to third, Parra thrown out at second attempting to advance on throw. Braun hit by pitch. Lucroy hit sacrifice fly to right, Segura scored. Braun stole second. Ramírez grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. LeMahieu singled to right. Tulowitzki singled to left, LeMahieu to second. González lined out to left. LeMahieu stole third. Arenado tripled to deep left, LeMahieu and Tulowitzki scored. Paulsen doubled to right, Arenado scored. Hundley grounded out to first, Paulsen to third. Barnes grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Rogers struck out swinging. Peterson singled to center. Pérez flied out to right. Jungmann singled to right, Peterson to second, Peterson to third on error by right fielder González. Segura grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Descalso hit for De La Rosa. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Descalso singled to center. Descalso caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Blackmon walked. Blackmon stole second. LeMahieu flied out to left. Tulowitzki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Parra flied out to center. Braun popped out to first. Lucroy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. González struck out swinging. Arenado singled to right. Paulsen tripled to deep left, Arenado scored. Hundley struck out swinging. Barnes flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Bergman pitching for Rockies. Ramírez doubled to left. Rogers tripled to right, Ramírez scored. Peterson singled to center, Rogers scored. Pérez singled to center, Peterson to second. Gómez hit for Jungmann. Hawkins pitching for Rockies. Gómez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Pérez out at second, Peterson to third. Segura reached on infield single to third, Peterson scored. Parra struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Ynoa hit for Hawkins. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Ynoa grounded out to third. Blackmon doubled to deep center. LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher. Tulowitzki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Braun grounded out to second. Lucroy walked. Ramírez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Lucroy out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. González grounded out to second. Arenado grounded out to third. Paulsen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Oberg pitching for Rockies. Rogers grounded out to third. Peterson struck out looking. Pérez flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 9th. Broxton pitching for Brewers. Hundley grounded out to first. Barnes doubled to deep center. Rosario hit for Oberg. Rosario lined out to right, Barnes to third. Blackmon tripled to right, Barnes scored. LeMahieu struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 9 - Rockies 5.	Brewers snap 6-game skid with 9-5 win over scuffling Rockies