Brewers - Top 1st. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Parra flied out to center. Lucroy singled to right. Braun struck out swinging. Lind doubled to deep right, Lucroy scored. Gómez popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Revere doubled to left. Hernández reached on bunt single to catcher, Revere scored on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Hernández stole second. Hernández to third on wild pitch by Nelson. Franco grounded out to third. Howard struck out swinging. Hernández scored on Nelson's balk. Brown singled to left center. Asche lined out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Segura flied out to right. Gennett singled to right. Pérez flied out to right. Nelson grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Rupp grounded out to shortstop. Galvis walked. O'Sullivan doubled to deep center, Galvis to third. Revere grounded out to pitcher, Galvis scored. Hernández singled to center, O'Sullivan scored, Hernández to second advancing on throw. Franco struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 3rd. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Parra popped out to shortstop. Lucroy singled to center. Braun singled to right, Lucroy to third. Lind hit sacrifice fly to center, Lucroy scored. Gómez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Braun out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Howard walked. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Howard out at second. Asche doubled to deep right, Brown thrown out at home. Rupp grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Segura grounded out to shortstop. Gennett flied out to left. Pérez singled to center. Nelson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Galvis lined out to right. O'Sullivan struck out swinging. Revere grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Parra doubled to deep center. Lucroy grounded out to second, Parra to third. Braun doubled to deep right, Parra scored. Lind walked. Gómez flied out to center, Braun to third. Lind to second on wild pitch by O'Sullivan. Segura struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Nelson pitching for Brewers. Hernández grounded out to shortstop. Franco grounded out to shortstop. Howard grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. O'Sullivan pitching for Phillies. Gennett singled to right. Pérez singled to deep left, Gennett to third. Ramírez hit for Nelson. Ramírez doubled to deep center, Gennett and Pérez scored. Parra singled to right, Ramírez to third. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Ruf at first base. Lucroy singled to left, Ramírez scored, Parra to second. Braun singled to shallow left, Parra to third, Lucroy to second. Lind grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Parra out at home, Lucroy to third, Braun to second. Gómez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Lind out at second. 3 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Brown grounded out to first. Asche singled to right. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Rupp struck out swinging. Asche caught stealing second, catcher to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Segura flied out to right. Gennett grounded out to second. Pérez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Ruf doubled to deep right center. Revere grounded out to pitcher, Ruf to third. Hernández struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Peterson hit for Jeffress. De Fratus pitching for Phillies. Peterson doubled to deep right. Parra sacrificed to third, Peterson to third. Lucroy singled to right, Peterson scored. Braun flied out to right. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Blanco at second base. Lind struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Smith pitching for Brewers. Franco lined out to center. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Araujo pitching for Phillies. Gómez walked. Segura grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Gómez out at second. Gennett grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Brewers. Asche grounded out to first. Rupp grounded out to third. Galvis singled to center. Galvis to second on fielder's indifference. Ruf struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Brewers 7 - Phillies 4.	Lucroy has 4 hits, 2 RBIs, helps Brewers down Phillies