Brewers - Top 1st. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Segura grounded out to second. Lucroy walked. Braun reached on infield single to shortstop, Lucroy to second. Gómez grounded out to pitcher, Lucroy to third, Braun to second. Ramírez singled to shallow center, Lucroy and Braun scored. Ramírez stole second. Parra struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 1st. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to second. Hernández safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Segura. Hernández picked off first. Franco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 2nd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Rogers lined out to center. Pérez tripled to deep right. Jungmann bunt grounded out to pitcher. Segura grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 2nd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Howard walked. Brown struck out swinging. Asche singled to right, Howard to second. Ruiz hit by pitch, Howard to third, Asche to second. Galvis grounded into fielder's choice to first, Howard out at home, Asche to third, Ruiz to second, Asche scored, Ruiz to third on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Hamels grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Brewers - Top 3rd. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Lucroy struck out swinging. Braun singled to right. Gómez lined into double play, to first, Braun doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 3rd. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to shortstop. Hernández walked. Franco singled to shallow left, Hernández to second. Howard hit by pitch, Hernández to third, Franco to second. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to second, Hernández scored, Howard out at second, Franco to third. Brown stole second. Asche struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 4th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Ramírez grounded out to shortstop. Parra lined out to left. Rogers lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 4th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Ruiz flied out to center. Galvis grounded out to shortstop. Hamels struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 5th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Pérez singled to shallow left center. Jungmann sacrificed to first, Pérez to second. Segura grounded out to second, Pérez to third. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 5th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Revere grounded out to second. Hernández singled to right. Hernández stole second. Franco struck out swinging. Hernández stole third. Howard grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 6th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Braun flied out to center. Gómez struck out looking. Ramírez struck out swinging, Ramírez safe at first on wild pitch by Hamels. Parra struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 6th. Jungmann pitching for Brewers. Brown grounded out to second. Asche lined out to left. Ruiz homered to left center (375 feet). Galvis singled to center. Hamels popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 7th. Hamels pitching for Phillies. Rogers grounded out to third. Pérez struck out swinging. Gómez hit for Jungmann. Gómez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 7th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Revere reached on infield single to third. Revere stole second. Hernández struck out swinging. Franco grounded out to third. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Howard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 8th. Revere in left field. Herrera in center field. Giles pitching for Phillies. Segura lined out to center. Lucroy struck out swinging. Braun singled to center. Gómez singled to left, Braun to second. Ramírez singled to center, Braun scored, Gómez to third. Parra walked, Ramírez to second. Lind hit for Rogers. Lind walked, Gómez scored, Ramírez to third, Parra to second. García pitching for Phillies. Ruf at first base. Pérez struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 8th. Lind at first base. Smith pitching for Brewers. Pérez at third base. Gennett at second base. Francoeur hit for Brown. Francoeur singled to center. Herrera sacrificed to third, Francoeur to second. Ruiz walked. Galvis singled to shallow left, Francoeur to third, Ruiz to second. Jeffress pitching for Brewers. Ruf grounded into double play, third to second to first, Galvis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Top 9th. Francoeur in right field. Garcia pitching for Phillies. Gennett grounded out to second. Segura flied out to right. Lucroy singled to shallow center. Braun doubled to deep right, Lucroy to third. Gómez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Bottom 9th. Rodríguez pitching for Brewers. Revere walked. Hernández grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Revere safe at second on throwing error by catcher Lucroy. Franco struck out swinging. Blanco hit for García. Blanco flied out to left. Francoeur struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Final score: Brewers 4 - Phillies 3.	Ramirez, Braun lead Brewers to 4-3 win over Phillies