Indians - Top 1st. Garza pitching for Brewers. Kipnis grounded out to shortstop. Lindor popped out to third. Brantley grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 1st. Salazar pitching for Indians. Parra tripled to right. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop, Parra scored. Braun struck out swinging. Lind grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Santana walked. Moss singled to right center, Santana to second. Gomes flied out to center, Santana to third. Bourn grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 2nd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Gómez walked. Ramírez flied out to left. Segura homered to center (399 feet), Gómez scored. Gennett flied out to left. Garza grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Garza pitching for Brewers. Urshela lined out to center. Salazar struck out swinging. Kipnis doubled to deep left. Lindor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 3rd. Salazar pitching for Indians. Parra struck out swinging. Lucroy grounded out to second. Braun hit by pitch. Lind struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Brantley reached on infield single to second. Santana struck out swinging. Moss singled to right, Brantley to second. Gomes lined out to right, Brantley to third. Bourn struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 4th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Gómez walked. Ramírez struck out swinging. Segura fouled out to right. Gennett grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 5th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Urshela singled to left. Salazar struck out bunting foul. Kipnis reached on infield single to catcher, Urshela to second. Lindor grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Kipnis out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 5th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Garza struck out swinging. Parra grounded out to shortstop. Lucroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 6th. Garza pitching for Brewers. Brantley lined out to center. Santana walked. Moss grounded into double play, shortstop to third to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 6th. Salazar pitching for Indians. Braun struck out looking. Lind struck out swinging. Gómez walked. Ramírez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Blazek pitching for Brewers. Gomes hit ground rule double to deep left. Bourn struck out swinging. Urshela doubled to deep right, Gomes scored. Murphy hit for Salazar. Smith pitching for Brewers. Murphy struck out swinging. Kipnis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 7th. McAllister pitching for Indians. Segura reached on infield single to third. Segura stole second. Gennett singled to center, Segura scored. Peterson hit for Smith. Peterson singled to center, Gennett to second. Parra walked, Gennett to third, Peterson to second. Webb pitching for Indians. Lucroy grounded into double play, shortstop to catcher to first, Gennett out at home, Peterson to third, Parra to second. Braun safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lindor, Peterson scored, Parra to third. Crockett pitching for Indians. Lind singled to left, Parra scored, Braun to second. Manship pitching for Indians. Gómez singled to center, Braun scored, Lind to second. Ramírez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Gómez out at second. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for Brewers. Pérez at third base. Lindor struck out swinging. Brantley walked. Santana singled to left, Brantley to second. Moss grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santana out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Brewers - Bottom 8th. Adams pitching for Indians. Segura singled to right. Gennett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Segura out at second. Davis hit for Cotts. Davis popped out to shortstop. Parra tripled to deep center, Gennett scored. Lucroy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Knebel pitching for Brewers. Gomes flied out to center. Bourn struck out looking. Urshela struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 1 - Brewers 8.	Garza pitches Brewers past Indians 8-1 in return from DL