Marlins - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Maybin grounded out to pitcher . Baker struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Victorino walked . Polanco flied out to left . Utley walked , Victorino to second . Howard singled to left , Victorino scored , Utley to second . Werth flied out to center . Ibanez walked , Utley to third , Howard to second . Castro singled to right , Utley scored , Howard to third , Ibanez to second . Ruiz singled to right , Howard scored , Ibanez to third , Castro to second . Halladay struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Cantu singled to center . Uggla flied out to left . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cantu out at second . Lamb grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Victorino grounded out to first . Polanco homered to left ( 350 feet ) . Utley fouled out to first . Howard grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Carroll singled to right . Sanchez sacrificed to catcher , Carroll to second . Maybin struck out looking . Baker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Werth doubled to left . Ibanez grounded out to second , Werth to third . Castro hit sacrifice fly to right , Werth scored . Ruiz walked . Halladay reached on infield single to pitcher , Ruiz to second , Ruiz to third on throwing error by second baseman Uggla . Victorino grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Ramirez singled to right . Cantu grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ramirez out at second . Uggla homered to left center ( 394 feet ) . Ross struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Polanco grounded out to pitcher . Utley reached on infield single to second . Howard grounded out to first , Utley to second . Werth grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Lamb grounded out to second . Carroll struck out swinging . Sanchez singled to center . Maybin lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Ibanez flied out to center . Castro grounded out to third . Ruiz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Baker flied out to left . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Cantu flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Halladay lined out to first . Victorino reached on bunt single to third . Polanco flied into double play , center to first , Victorino doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Uggla grounded out to third . Ross popped out to second . Lamb grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Utley homered to right ( 374 feet ) . Howard singled to center . Werth doubled to deep center , Howard scored . Ibanez walked . Castro singled to center , Werth scored , Ibanez to second . Sanchez at first base . Leroux pitching for Marlins . Ruiz lined out to left . Halladay struck out swinging . Victorino flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Carroll flied out to right . Sanchez singled to center . Maybin flied out to center . Baker singled to right center , Sanchez to second . Ramirez doubled to deep left , Sanchez scored , Baker to third . Cantu flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Leroux pitching for Marlins . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Utley walked . Howard grounded into double play , third to shortstop to first , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Herndon pitching for Phillies . Uggla reached on infield single to second . Ross singled to left , Uggla to second . Barden grounded out to second , Uggla to third , Ross to second . Carroll reached on infield single to third , Uggla scored , Ross to third . Sanchez doubled to deep center , Ross scored , Carroll to third . Maybin reached on infield single to third , Carroll scored , Sanchez to third . Madson pitching for Phillies . Baker grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Sanchez scored , Maybin out at second . Ramirez singled to left , Baker to second . Cantu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ramirez out at second , Baker to third . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 6 - Phillies 8 .	Halladay powers Phils , stops Cantu 's streak \n\n