Marlins - Top 1st . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Coghlan singled to center . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morgan grounded out to second . Guzman singled to center . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop , Guzman to second . Dunn walked , Guzman to third , Zimmerman to second . Willingham grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman scored , Dunn out at second , Zimmerman to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Willingham out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Cantu grounded out to third . Uggla struck out looking . Baker safe at first on error by shortstop Desmond . Ross doubled to deep left , Baker scored . Carroll struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Harris struck out swinging . Desmond reached on infield single to second . Stammen bunted into double play , third to shortstop to second , Desmond out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Volstad grounded out to shortstop . Coghlan flied out to right . Sanchez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Morgan grounded out to third . Guzman grounded out to second . Zimmerman struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to third . Cantu struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Dunn grounded out to first . Willingham struck out looking . Rodriguez safe at first on error by second baseman Uggla . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 5th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Baker struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to pitcher . Carroll struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Desmond walked . Stammen bunt popped out to third . Morgan lined into double play , second to first , Desmond doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Volstad struck out looking . Coghlan grounded out to first . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Guzman bunt grounded out to pitcher . Zimmerman homered to center . Dunn struck out swinging . Willingham grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Stammen pitching for Nationals . Ramirez grounded out to third . Cantu homered to left center . Uggla grounded out to third . Baker tripled to deep center . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Harris in left field . Bernadina in right field . Ross walked . Carroll struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez lined out to right . Harris bunt grounded out to third . Desmond grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Petersen hit for Volstad . Bruney pitching for Nationals . Petersen singled to left . Coghlan sacrificed to catcher , Petersen to second , Coghlan safe at first on error by pitcher Bruney . Sanchez singled to center , Petersen scored , Coghlan to third , Sanchez thrown out at second attempting to advance on play . Ramirez intentionally walked . Cantu hit sacrifice fly to center , Coghlan scored . Uggla walked , Ramirez to second . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Baker lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Barden at third base . Cantu at first base . Pinto pitching for Marlins . Taveras hit for Bernadina . Taveras flied out to right . Morgan reached on infield single to pitcher . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Guzman grounded out to first , Morgan to second . Zimmerman grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Walker pitching for Nationals . Taveras in right field . Ross singled to right . Carroll grounded into double play , third to second to first , Ross out at second . Helms hit for Hensley . Helms walked . Coghlan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Dunn struck out looking . Kennedy hit for Walker . Kennedy singled to right . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Kennedy to second on fielder 's indifference . Harris grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 4 - Nationals 2 .	Sanchez strikes late to end Marlins ' 3 - game skid