Braves - Top 1st . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Prado flied out to center . Heyward tripled to deep center . Jones doubled to deep left center , Heyward scored . Hinske struck out swinging . Glaus struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Hudson pitching for Braves . Coghlan singled to center . Sanchez grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Coghlan out at second . Ramirez hit by pitch . Ramirez stole second . Cantu singled to center , Ramirez scored . Uggla walked , Cantu to second . Ross flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Cabrera doubled to deep left . Escobar popped out to second . Ross flied out to center , Cabrera to third . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Paulino safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Escobar . Maybin grounded out to first , Paulino to third . Nolasco grounded out to pitcher . Coghlan grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Prado fouled out to right . Heyward grounded out to second . Jones singled to right center . Hinske struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Braves . Sanchez grounded out to third . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Cantu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Nolasco pitching for Marlins . Glaus flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to second . Escobar singled to left . Ross doubled to left , Escobar scored . Hudson reached on infield single to third , Ross to third . Prado singled to left , Ross scored , Hudson to second . Heyward grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Hudson pitching for Braves . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Ross singled to center . Paulino singled to center , Ross to third , Paulino to second on throwing error by center fielder Cabrera . Maybin walked . Nolasco singled to center , Ross scored , Paulino to third , Maybin to second . Coghlan struck out swinging . Sanchez lined out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 5th . Buente pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to first . Hinske flied out to left . Glaus walked . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Moylan pitching for Braves . Ramirez singled to center . Cantu grounded out to shortstop . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Top 6th . Buente pitching for Marlins . Escobar walked . Ross sacrificed to pitcher , Escobar to second . Infante hit for Moylan . Infante singled to right center , Escobar to third . Prado singled to left , Escobar scored , Infante to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Heyward struck out swinging . Jones walked , Infante to third , Prado to second . Hinske fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Venters pitching for Braves . Paulino grounded out to third . Maybin struck out looking . Carroll hit for Tankersley . Carroll struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Glaus singled to center . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glaus out at second . Escobar doubled to deep right , Cabrera scored . Ross lined out to center . Conrad hit for Venters . Conrad flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Coghlan reached on bunt single to pitcher . Sanchez singled to right , Coghlan to second , Coghlan to third on error by right fielder Heyward . Ramirez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Coghlan scored , Sanchez out at second . Cantu hit by pitch , Ramirez to second . Saito pitching for Braves . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 8th . Meyer pitching for Marlins . Prado singled to left . Heyward walked , Prado to second . Jones walked , Prado to third , Heyward to second . Hinske grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Prado scored , Jones out at second , Heyward to third . Glaus walked . Cabrera reached on infield single to third , Heyward scored , Glaus to second , Glaus to third on throwing error by third baseman Cantu . Escobar walked , Cabrera to second . Ross walked , Glaus scored , Cabrera to third , Escobar to second . Saito struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Hinske at first base . McLouth in center field . Cabrera in left field . Saito pitching for Braves . Paulino singled to center . Maybin struck out swinging . Lamb hit for Meyer . Lamb grounded out to first , Paulino to second . Coghlan flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Prado grounded out to second . Heyward flied out to right . Jones grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Wagner pitching for Braves . Sanchez flied out to center . Ramirez tripled to deep right . Cantu struck out swinging . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 8 - Marlins 3 .	Prado drives in 2 to key Braves ' rain - delay win