Marlins - Top 1st . Shields pitching for Rays . Coghlan doubled to left center . Sanchez singled to left , Coghlan to third . Ramirez hit sacrifice fly to center , Coghlan scored . Cantu struck out swinging . Uggla grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Jaso flied out to center . Crawford lined out to shortstop . Longoria singled to left . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Shields pitching for Rays . Ross popped out to second . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Zobrist walked . Upton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Zobrist out at second . Blalock grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Shields pitching for Rays . Paulino walked . Coghlan walked , Paulino to second . Sanchez reached on bunt single to pitcher , Paulino to third , Coghlan to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Cantu flied out to right . Uggla walked , Paulino scored , Coghlan to third , Sanchez to second . Ross singled to right , Coghlan and Sanchez scored , Uggla to third . Stanton tripled to deep right center , Uggla and Ross scored . Helms lined out to left . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez flied out to right . Brignac grounded out to first . Jaso lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Shields pitching for Rays . Paulino singled to left . Paulino stole second . Coghlan singled to left , Paulino to third . Sanchez homered to left center ( 443 feet ) , Paulino and Coghlan scored . Ramirez flied out to right . Cantu singled to right . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cantu out at second . Uggla to second on wild pitch by Sonnanstine . Ross singled to left center , Uggla scored . Stanton struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Crawford singled to left . Longoria struck out looking . Pena singled to center , Crawford to second . Zobrist grounded out to first , Crawford to third , Pena to second . Upton doubled to deep right , Crawford and Pena scored . Blalock flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Helms tripled to deep center . Paulino grounded out to second . Coghlan intentionally walked . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to center , Helms scored . Ramirez flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Brignac struck out looking . Jaso walked . Crawford flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Cantu flied out to right . Uggla struck out swinging . Ross fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Longoria lined out to left . Pena homered to left ( 377 feet ) . Zobrist flied out to right . Upton grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Aybar at third base . Sonnanstine pitching for Rays . Stanton doubled to deep right . Helms grounded out to third . Paulino grounded out to second , Stanton to third . Coghlan singled to center , Stanton scored . Sanchez homered to left ( 391 feet ) , Coghlan scored . Ramirez fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 7th . Barden at second base . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Blalock reached on infield single to catcher . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Brignac singled to center , Blalock to third . Jaso walked , Brignac to second . Crawford grounded out to first , Blalock scored , Brignac to third , Jaso to second . Aybar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Cormier pitching for Rays . Cantu grounded out to third . Barden flied out to center . Ross struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 8th . VandenHurk pitching for Marlins . Pena safe at first on error by catcher Paulino . Zobrist doubled to right , Pena to third . Upton grounded out to first . Blalock singled to right center , Pena and Zobrist scored . Rodriguez singled to left , Blalock to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Shoppach walked , Blalock to third , Rodriguez to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Shoppach walked , Blalock to third , Rodriguez to second . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Shoppach hit for Brignac . Shoppach walked , Blalock to third , Rodriguez to second . Blalock scored , Rodriguez to third , Shoppach to second on wild pitch by Tankersley . Jaso walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez scored , Jaso out at second , Shoppach to third . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Crawford stole second . Aybar struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Top 9th . Aybar at second base . Blalock at third base . Rodriguez at shortstop . Cormier pitching for Rays . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms walked . Paulino flied out to right . Coghlan doubled to left , Helms to third . Sanchez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Bottom 9th . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Pena reached on bunt single to pitcher . Zobrist grounded out to second , Pena to second . Upton safe at first on error by third baseman Helms , Pena scored . Blalock singled to right , Upton to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Kapler hit for Shoppach . Kapler struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 14 - Rays 9 .	Marlins rout Rays in Sunshine State slugfest