Mets - Top 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Feliciano doubled to left . Tejada safe at first on error by first baseman Sanchez , Feliciano to third . Wright doubled to deep center , Feliciano and Tejada scored . Davis singled to center , Wright scored . Davis to second on wild pitch by Volstad . Bay struck out swinging . Carter lined out to right . Barajas flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Coghlan doubled to left center . Sanchez flied out to left . Ramirez singled to left , Coghlan scored . Cantu struck out swinging , Ramirez stole second . Uggla singled to center , Ramirez scored . Ross reached on infield single to third , Uggla to second . Paulino grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ross out at second , Uggla to third . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Cora doubled to left . Pelfrey bunt grounded out to first . Feliciano singled to left , Cora scored . Tejada struck out swinging , Feliciano stole second . Wright struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Stanton singled to right center . Volstad sacrificed to first , Stanton to second . Coghlan struck out looking . Sanchez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Davis fouled out to third . Bay lined out to second . Carter flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Ramirez grounded out to third . Cantu singled to left . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cantu out at second . Ross grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Barajas flied out to center . Cora lined out to right . Pelfrey struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Paulino singled to center . Stanton grounded out to third , Paulino to second . Volstad sacrificed to pitcher , Paulino to third . Coghlan walked . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Feliciano grounded out to second . Tejada struck out swinging . Wright doubled to deep left . Davis grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Pelfrey pitching for Mets . Ramirez singled to left . Cantu doubled to deep left center , Ramirez scored . Uggla singled to right , Cantu scored . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Uggla out at second . Paulino singled to center . Stanton singled to left , Paulino to third . Dessens pitching for Mets . Lamb grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Bay safe at first on error by third baseman Cantu . Carter singled to center , Bay to second . Barajas popped out to third . Cora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bay to third , Carter safe at second on error by second baseman Uggla . Thole singled to center , Bay scored , Carter to third , Cora to second . Feliciano lined into unassisted double play to shortstop , Cora doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Francoeur in right field . Igarashi pitching for Mets . Coghlan struck out swinging . Sanchez reached on infield single to third . Ramirez struck out looking . Cantu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . Sanabia pitching for Marlins . Tejada hit by pitch . Wright safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cantu , Tejada to third . Davis struck out swinging . Bay singled to left , Tejada scored , Wright to second . Francoeur grounded out to pitcher , Wright to third , Bay to second . Barajas struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Uggla flied out to center . Ross grounded out to third . Paulino flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Veras pitching for Marlins . Cora flied out to left . Parnell grounded out to second . Feliciano struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Parnell pitching for Mets . Stanton struck out swinging . Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher . Coghlan singled to left . Sanchez doubled to deep left , Coghlan scored . Ramirez intentionally walked . Helms hit for Cantu . Helms flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 9th . Wood pitching for Marlins . Tejada singled to right . Wright flied out to right . Tankersley pitching for Marlins . Davis popped out to shortstop . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Bay struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Mets . Uggla grounded out to shortstop . Ross singled to center . Paulino singled to right , Ross to second . Hayes ran for Paulino . Stanton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hayes out at second , Ross to third . Barden struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 6 - Marlins 5 .	Wright , Mets hold off Marlins