Marlins - Top 1st . Niese pitching for Mets . Maybin struck out swinging . Morrison walked . Ramirez flied out to center . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 1st . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Reyes flied out to center . Pagan struck out swinging . Beltran singled to right . Wright homered to left ( 432 feet ) , Beltran scored . Davis singled to right . Francoeur reached on infield single to third , Davis to second . Thole grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Francoeur out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Niese pitching for Mets . Sanchez lined out to center . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 2nd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Castillo walked . Niese sacrificed to pitcher , Castillo to second . Reyes singled to right , Castillo to third . Tejada ran for Reyes . Pagan doubled to right , Castillo scored , Tejada to third . Beltran lined into double play , first to shortstop , Pagan doubled off second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Tejada at shortstop . Niese pitching for Mets . Hayes flied out to right . Sanchez struck out swinging . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 3rd . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Wright walked . Davis walked , Wright to second . Francoeur singled to center , Wright scored , Davis to second . Thole hit by pitch , Davis to third , Francoeur to second . Castillo flied out to left . Niese struck out looking . Tejada grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Niese pitching for Mets . Morrison doubled to center . Ramirez homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Morrison scored . Uggla flied out to center . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Stanton popped out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 4th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Pagan walked . Beltran grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pagan out at second . Wright singled to center . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Niese pitching for Mets . Helms walked . Hayes grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helms out at second . Sanchez sacrificed to pitcher , Hayes to second . Maybin struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 5th . Sanchez pitching for Marlins . Francoeur walked . Thole singled to left , Francoeur thrown out at third . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thole out at second . Niese flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Niese pitching for Mets . Morrison hit by pitch . Ramirez singled to center , Morrison to second . Uggla doubled to left , Morrison scored , Ramirez to third . Sanchez walked . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms hit sacrifice fly to right , Ramirez scored , Uggla to third . Hayes hit ground rule double to right , Uggla scored , Sanchez to third . Murphy hit for Sanchez . Dessens pitching for Mets . Murphy reached on infield single to shortstop , Sanchez scored , Hayes to third . Maybin singled to left , Hayes scored , Murphy to second . Morrison doubled to deep right , Murphy and Maybin scored . Ramirez flied out to left . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 6th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Tejada walked . Pagan flied out to center . Beltran popped out to shortstop . Wright flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Acosta pitching for Mets . Uggla struck out swinging . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Stanton flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 7th . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Bonifacio in right field . Davis walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . Thole struck out swinging . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Acosta pitching for Mets . Helms fouled out to first . Hayes popped out to shortstop . Bonifacio grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 8th . Feliciano hit for Acosta . Badenhop pitching for Marlins . Feliciano struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to third . Pagan singled to center . Beltran flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Feliciano pitching for Mets . Maybin grounded out to third . Morrison walked . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Morrison to second . Uggla singled to center , Morrison to third , Ramirez to second . Sanchez singled to center , Morrison scored , Ramirez to third , Uggla to second . Luna hit for Badenhop . Igarashi pitching for Mets . Luna grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez scored , Sanchez out at second , Uggla to third . Tracy hit for Helms . Tracy struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Bottom 9th . Luna at third base . Veras pitching for Marlins . Wright walked . Davis walked , Wright to second . Francoeur flied out to center , Wright to third . Thole grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Davis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Marlins 11 - Mets 4 .	Ramirez torches Mets as Marlins coast to victory