Phillies - Top 1st . Sosa pitching for Marlins . Victorino flied out to center . Polanco grounded out to third . Utley walked . Howard walked , Utley to second . Werth singled to right , Utley scored , Howard to second , Howard to third advancing on throw . Werth stole second . Ibanez doubled to deep left , Howard and Werth scored . Ruiz flied out to center . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Bonifacio reached on infield single to third . Morrison struck out swinging . Ramirez grounded out to second , Bonifacio to second . Uggla singled to center , Bonifacio scored . Sanchez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Sosa pitching for Marlins . Valdez singled to left . Halladay sacrificed to pitcher , Valdez to second . Victorino grounded out to second , Valdez to third . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Tracy flied out to right . Cousins struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Sosa pitching for Marlins . Utley homered to right ( 407 feet ) . Howard walked . Werth fouled out to first . Ibanez singled to right , Howard to second . Ruiz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Howard safe at third on error by third baseman Tracy , Ibanez to second . Valdez singled to left , Howard scored , Ibanez to third , Ruiz to second . Ceda pitching for Marlins . Halladay struck out swinging . Victorino singled to right , Ibanez scored , Ruiz to third , Valdez to second . Polanco grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Ceda struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out looking . Morrison singled to center . Ramirez singled to right , Morrison to second . Uggla lined out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 4th . Ceda pitching for Marlins . Utley flied out to left . Howard struck out swinging . Werth walked . Ibanez singled to center , Werth to third , Ibanez to second advancing on throw . Ruiz intentionally walked . Valdez singled to right , Werth scored , Ibanez to third , Ruiz to second . Sinkbeil pitching for Marlins . Ibanez scored , Ruiz to third , Valdez to second on wild pitch by Sinkbeil . Halladay grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Sanchez singled to right center . Tracy lined out to center . Cousins singled to center , Sanchez to second . Davis singled to right , Sanchez to third , Cousins to second . Luna hit for Sinkbeil . Luna hit sacrifice fly to right , Sanchez scored , Cousins to third . Bonifacio struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Buente pitching for Marlins . Victorino tripled to deep center . Polanco singled to left , Victorino scored . Utley lined out to right . Howard grounded out to first , Polanco to second . Werth flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Morrison grounded out to second . Ramirez flied out to right . Uggla struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Buente pitching for Marlins . Ibanez struck out swinging . Ruiz reached on infield single to second . Valdez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ruiz out at second . Halladay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Halladay pitching for Phillies . Sanchez homered to left ( 359 feet ) . Tracy singled to center . Cousins struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . Helms hit for Buente . Helms singled to center , Tracy to third . Bonifacio struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Victorino grounded out to second . Polanco flied out to center . Utley grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Durbin pitching for Phillies . Morrison tripled to deep center . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop , Morrison scored . Uggla flied out to center . Sanchez lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Howard walked . Werth struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Howard out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Madson pitching for Phillies . Tracy hit by pitch . Cousins struck out swinging . Davis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at second . Maybin hit for Sanches . Maybin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Ruiz doubled to deep left center . Valdez flied out to center . Gload hit for Madson . Gload doubled to deep left , Ruiz scored . Victorino grounded out to shortstop . Polanco flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 9th . Lidge pitching for Phillies . Bonifacio singled to right . Morrison walked , Bonifacio to second . Ramirez struck out swinging . Uggla walked , Bonifacio to third , Morrison to second . Sanchez walked , Bonifacio scored , Morrison to third , Uggla to second . Contreras pitching for Phillies . Tracy struck out swinging . Cousins grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Marlins 5 .	Halladay wins 19th