Pirates - Top 1st . Volstad pitching for Marlins . McCutchen grounded out to third . Tabata grounded out to second . Walker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Duke pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio reached on infield single to first . Bonifacio stole second . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Bonifacio to third . Morrison singled to center , Bonifacio scored . Uggla walked , Morrison to second . Sanchez flied out to center . Stanton singled to center , Morrison scored , Uggla to second . Helms doubled to left , Uggla and Stanton scored . Davis intentionally walked . Volstad grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to second . Alvarez singled to deep center . Bowker flied out to center . Cedeno struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio flied out to center . Martinez singled to left . Morrison walked , Martinez to second . Uggla grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Martinez to third , Morrison safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Sanchez hit sacrifice fly to right , Martinez scored , Morrison to third . Stanton struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 3rd . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Snyder grounded out to second . Duke grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Duke pitching for Pirates . Helms grounded out to third . Davis popped out to first . Volstad flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Tabata reached on infield single to third . Walker doubled to deep left , Tabata scored . Jones flied out to center , Walker to third . Alvarez singled to center , Walker scored . Bowker singled to right , Alvarez to second . Cedeno grounded into double play , second to first to shortstop , Bowker out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Duke pitching for Pirates . Bonifacio flied out to right . Martinez safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez . Morrison singled to right , Martinez to second . Uggla doubled to deep left , Martinez scored , Morrison to third . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Stanton homered to center ( 436 feet ) , Morrison and Uggla scored . Helms safe at first on error by third baseman Alvarez . Davis popped out to catcher . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Snyder grounded out to pitcher . Ciriaco hit for Duke . Ciriaco singled to center . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop , Ciriaco to second . Tabata walked . Walker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Martinez pitching for Pirates . Volstad grounded out to shortstop . Bonifacio struck out looking . Martinez doubled to deep left . Morrison flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Volstad pitching for Marlins . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Alvarez grounded out to second . Bowker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Martinez pitching for Pirates . Uggla struck out swinging . Sanchez doubled to deep left . Stanton singled to center , Sanchez scored . Helms flied out to right . Stanton to second on balk by Martinez . Davis popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Sanches pitching for Marlins . Cedeno homered to center ( 410 feet ) . Snyder popped out to catcher . Diaz hit for Martinez . Diaz struck out swinging . McCutchen fouled out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Pirates . Presley in center field . Diaz at shortstop . Cousins hit for Sanches . Cousins struck out swinging . Bonifacio struck out swinging . Martinez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Hatcher catching . Rosario pitching for Marlins . Tabata singled to center . Walker singled to right , Tabata to second . Moss hit for Jones . Moss reached on infield single to third , Tabata to third , Walker to second . Alvarez singled to right , Tabata scored , Walker to third , Moss to second . Bowker walked , Walker scored , Moss to third , Alvarez to second . Hensley pitching for Marlins . Presley struck out swinging . Jaramillo flied out to left . Diaz walked , Moss scored , Alvarez to third , Bowker to second . Young hit for Lincoln . Young flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Karstens pitching for Pirates . Moss in right field . Bowker at first base . Morrison tripled to deep center . Uggla flied out to right . Sanchez singled to center , Morrison scored . Stanton struck out swinging . Helms flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Veras pitching for Marlins . Tabata walked . Walker struck out looking . Moss doubled to deep center , Tabata to third . Alvarez homered to right center ( 444 feet ) , Tabata and Moss scored . Nunez pitching for Marlins . Bowker struck out swinging . Presley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 9 - Marlins 11 .	Pirates ' rally falls short as rookies push Marlins