Giants - Top 1st . Davis pitching for Cubs . Rowand struck out looking . Sanchez doubled to deep right . Huff struck out looking . Posey singled to left , Sanchez scored , Posey to second advancing on throw . Posey to third on throwing error by catcher Hill . Ross grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Fukudome struck out looking . Barney singled to right . Castro singled to left , Barney to second . Pena walked , Barney to third , Castro to second . Byrd lined out to shortstop . Soriano struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Davis pitching for Cubs . Burrell struck out looking . DeRosa grounded out to shortstop . Tejada grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . DeWitt flied out to right . Hill struck out swinging . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Davis pitching for Cubs . Vogelsong singled to right . Rowand doubled to deep right center , Vogelsong to third . Sanchez grounded out to third . Huff popped out to shortstop . Posey walked . Ross safe at first on throwing error by catcher Hill , Vogelsong scored , Rowand to third , Posey to second . Burrell safe at first on throwing error by third baseman DeWitt , Rowand scored , Posey to third , Ross to second . DeRosa grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Fukudome struck out swinging . Barney singled to center . Castro safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Barney to third . Pena grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Castro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 4th . Davis pitching for Cubs . Tejada fouled out to second . Vogelsong struck out swinging . Rowand struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Byrd reached on infield single to third . Soriano singled to center , Byrd to second . DeWitt fouled out to third . Hill grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Soriano out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Davis pitching for Cubs . Sanchez grounded out to third . Huff struck out swinging . Posey lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Johnson grounded out to shortstop . Fukudome flied out to left . Barney safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada . Castro singled to left , Barney to second . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 6th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Ross walked . Burrell singled to left , Ross to second . Schierholtz ran for Burrell . DeRosa grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schierholtz out at second , Ross to third . Tejada struck out swinging . Vogelsong grounded into fielder 's choice to third , DeRosa out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Byrd flied out to center . Soriano struck out swinging . DeWitt singled to right . Hill grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Rowand batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 3 - Cubs 0 .	Vogelsong shuts out Cubs in rain - shortened win