Giants - Top 1st . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Ross flied out to center . Keppinger grounded out to shortstop . Beltran singled to center . Sandoval homered to right ( 429 feet ) , Beltran scored . Huff walked . Belt grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Fowler struck out swinging . Ellis lined out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Sanchez grounded out to shortstop . Crawford walked . Vogelsong singled to left , Crawford to second . Ross grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Crawford scored on throwing error by shortstop Field , Vogelsong safe at third on throwing error by shortstop Field . Keppinger hit sacrifice fly to center , Vogelsong scored , Ross to third . Beltran safe at first on error by first baseman Pacheco , Ross scored . Sandoval singled to center , Beltran to third . Huff walked , Sandoval to second . Belt grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Smith struck out swinging . Wigginton struck out swinging . Pacheco walked . Iannetta singled to left center , Pacheco to second . Field struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Sanchez flied out to left . Crawford singled to center . Vogelsong grounded into double play , third to second to first , Crawford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Chacin walked . Fowler singled to left , Chacin to third . Ellis singled to left , Chacin scored , Fowler to second . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Smith walked , Fowler to third , Ellis to second . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Smith out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Ross flied out to left . Keppinger flied out to center . Beltran grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Pacheco homered to left center ( 441 feet ) . Iannetta struck out swinging . Field struck out swinging . Chacin grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Sandoval doubled to left . Huff fouled out to pitcher . Belt struck out swinging . Sandoval to third on passed ball by Iannetta . Sanchez walked . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Fowler popped out to third . Ellis struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Chacin pitching for Rockies . Vogelsong singled to center . Vogelsong to second on passed ball by Iannetta . Ross doubled to deep center , Vogelsong scored . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ross to third . Beltran grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ross scored , Keppinger out at second . Sandoval tripled to deep right center . Romero pitching for Rockies . Huff popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Ross in left field . Torres in center field . Belt at first base . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Smith walked . Wigginton lined out to third . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Pacheco grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Smith out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Young Jr. in left field . Smith in right field . Romero pitching for Rockies . Belt struck out swinging . Sanchez struck out swinging . Crawford singled to center . Edlefsen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Iannetta homered to right ( 380 feet ) . Field singled to center . Nelson hit for Romero . Nelson doubled to deep right center , Field scored . Runzler pitching for Giants . Fowler lined out to right . Ellis grounded out to second , Nelson to third . Young Jr. doubled to deep right center , Nelson scored . Smith grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Escalona pitching for Rockies . Ross reached on infield single to third . Keppinger grounded out to third , Ross to third . Beltran fouled out to third . Sandoval intentionally walked . Torres flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Wigginton flied out to right . Pacheco grounded out to third . Iannetta flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Belt homered to left center ( 406 feet ) . Sanchez doubled to deep center . Crawford struck out swinging . DeRosa hit for Ramirez . Roenicke pitching for Rockies . DeRosa grounded out to second , Sanchez to third . Ross popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Casilla pitching for Giants . Field singled to left . Rosario hit for Roenicke . Rosario struck out swinging . Fowler grounded out to second , Field to second . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Rockies 5 .	Sandoval hits for cycle ; Giants beat Rockies \n\n