Giants - Top 1st . Eveland pitching for Dodgers . Christian reached on infield single to shortstop . Keppinger grounded into double play , third to second to first , Christian out at second . Beltran doubled to left . Pill singled to center , Beltran scored . Belt walked , Pill to second . DeRosa walked , Pill to third , Belt to second . Fontenot singled to left , Pill and Belt scored , Fontenot to second , DeRosa to second , DeRosa to third advancing on throw . Stewart grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gordon singled to left center . Gordon stole second . Carroll sacrificed to first , Gordon to third . Kemp walked . Rivera grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kemp out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Eveland pitching for Dodgers . Vogelsong struck out swinging . Christian safe at first on error by third baseman Miles . Keppinger grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Christian out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Loney reached on infield single to first . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Loney out at second . Sands flied out to center . Ellis singled to left center , Miles to second . Eveland flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Eveland pitching for Dodgers . Beltran hit by pitch . Pill grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Beltran out at second . Belt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Pill out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Gordon grounded out to second . Carroll flied out to right . Kemp flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Eveland pitching for Dodgers . DeRosa singled to right . Fontenot grounded out to second , DeRosa to second . Stewart walked . Vogelsong sacrificed to pitcher , DeRosa to third , Stewart to second . Christian doubled to deep center , DeRosa and Stewart scored . Keppinger grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Rivera popped out to second . Loney singled to left . Miles singled to right , Loney to second . Sands struck out looking . Ellis struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Hawksworth pitching for Dodgers . Beltran struck out swinging . Pill singled to left . Belt struck out swinging . Pill caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Christian in right field . Torres in center field . Velez hit for Hawksworth . Vogelsong pitching for Giants . Velez hit by pitch . Gordon singled to center , Velez to second . Carroll singled to center , Velez scored , Gordon to second . Kemp homered to left center ( 410 feet ) , Gordon and Carroll scored . Rivera grounded out to third . Loney flied out to left . Miles singled to center . Sands struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . DeRosa singled to center . Fontenot lined out to second . Stewart grounded out to pitcher , DeRosa to second . Gillaspie hit for Vogelsong . Gillaspie walked . Christian singled to right , DeRosa scored , Gillaspie to third . Keppinger struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Mota pitching for Giants . Ellis flied out to center . Oeltjen hit for Lindblom . Oeltjen popped out to second . Gordon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Torres walked . Pill doubled to deep center , Torres scored . Belt flied out to center , Pill to third . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . DeRosa hit sacrifice fly to center , Pill scored . Fontenot flied out to right . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ramirez pitching for Giants . Carroll singled to right center . Kemp struck out swinging . Rivera struck out swinging . Lopez pitching for Giants . Crawford at shortstop . Loney lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Troncoso pitching for Dodgers . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Crawford flied out to right . Christian struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Giants . Miles struck out swinging . Sands singled to left center , Sands to second on error by left fielder Belt . Romo pitching for Giants . Ellis struck out swinging . Barajas hit for Troncoso . Barajas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Ely pitching for Dodgers . Keppinger reached on infield single to shortstop . Burriss ran for Keppinger . Burriss stole second . Torres singled to right , Burriss to third . Pill grounded out to pitcher , Torres to second . Belt intentionally walked . DeRosa struck out swinging . Sandoval hit for Romo . Sandoval lined out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Burriss at second base . Casilla pitching for Giants . Gordon grounded out to first . Carroll grounded out to third . Kemp singled to left . Kemp to second on fielder 's indifference . Rivera walked . Wilson pitching for Giants . Loney singled to right , Kemp scored , Rivera to second . Miles flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 8 - Dodgers 5 .	Giants top Dodgers to keep West hope afloat