Orioles - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Roberts grounded out to second . Mora reached on infield single to shortstop . Markakis singled to left center , Mora to third . Tejada singled to center , Mora scored , Markakis to second . Huff flied out to left . Hernandez singled to left , Markakis scored , Tejada to second . Gibbons grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Granderson walked . Polanco safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Granderson to third . Sheffield walked , Polanco to second . Ordonez walked , Granderson scored , Polanco to third , Sheffield to second . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco scored , Ordonez out at second , Sheffield to third . Rodriguez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Guillen out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Patterson fouled out to catcher . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Thames struck out swinging . Inge walked . Inge stole second . Granderson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Mora fouled out to first . Markakis doubled to deep right . Tejada grounded out to catcher , Markakis to third . Huff flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Polanco grounded out to third . Sheffield hit by pitch . Sheffield stole second . Sheffield to third on wild pitch by Cabrera . Ordonez singled to left center , Sheffield scored . Guillen flied out to center . Rodriguez singled to right , Ordonez to second . Monroe struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Hernandez struck out swinging . Gibbons flied out to left . Payton hit ground rule double to left . Patterson singled to right , Payton scored . Roberts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Thames struck out swinging . Inge flied out to center . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Mora lined out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to third . Tejada walked . Huff reached on infield single to shortstop , Tejada to second . Hernandez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Polanco singled to right . Sheffield homered to left , Polanco scored . Ordonez walked . Guillen struck out swinging , Ordonez to second on wild pitch by Cabrera . Rodriguez grounded out to second , Ordonez to third . Monroe walked . Thames grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Gibbons homered to right . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Payton walked . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Payton out at second . Patterson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Roberts walked . Roberts caught stealing second , catcher to second . Mora batting . Parrish pitching for Orioles . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Inge popped out to first . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Ledezma pitching for Tigers . Mora flied out to center . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Markakis struck out swinging . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Sheffield walked . Ordonez doubled to deep right center , Sheffield to third . Sheffield scored , Ordonez to third on wild pitch by Parrish . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Guillen walked . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Monroe grounded out to third , Ordonez scored , Guillen to second . Thames doubled to left , Guillen scored . Guillen at first base . Perez at shortstop . Inge grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Huff flied out to left . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Gibbons grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Granderson flied out to right . Polanco grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Rodney pitching for Tigers . Payton grounded out to second . Patterson safe at first on error by third baseman Inge . Roberts fouled out to left . Patterson to second on wild pitch by Rodney . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Tigers 8 .	Benches clear as Tigers beat up O 's