Orioles - Top 1st . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Roberts lined out to left . Payton grounded out to second . Markakis singled to left . Tejada doubled to deep right , Markakis scored . Millar doubled to left , Tejada scored . Huff struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 1st . Burres pitching for Orioles . Suzuki flied out to center . Lopez hit by pitch . Guillen popped out to second . Ibanez walked , Lopez to second . Johjima grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Mora struck out swinging . Hernandez grounded out to second . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 2nd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Vidro grounded out to second . Broussard popped out to shortstop . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to right . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Roberts out at second . Markakis flied out to center . Tejada singled to center , Payton to third . Millar doubled to left , Payton scored , Tejada to third . Huff fouled out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 3rd . Burres pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist flied out to right . Suzuki reached on infield single to first . Lopez walked , Suzuki to second . Guillen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez out at second , Suzuki to third . Ibanez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Mora reached on bunt single to third . Hernandez fouled out to first . Patterson struck out looking , Mora stole second . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 4th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Johjima safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Mora . Vidro grounded out to shortstop . Broussard walked . Betancourt fouled out to first . Bloomquist grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 5th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Payton grounded out to second . Markakis popped out to shortstop . Tejada doubled to deep center . Millar flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 5th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Lopez flied out to left . Guillen singled to center . Ibanez singled to center , Guillen to second . Johjima singled to center , Guillen scored , Ibanez to third . Vidro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Seung Baek pitching for Mariners . Huff hit ground rule double to deep right center . Mora fouled out to first . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Hernandez grounded out to third . Patterson safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt , Huff scored . Roberts flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mariners - Bottom 6th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Broussard flied out to center . Betancourt singled to center . Bloomquist reached on infield single to pitcher , Betancourt to second . Baez pitching for Orioles . Suzuki flied out to center . Lopez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Payton grounded out to third . Davis pitching for Mariners . Markakis lined out to right . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 7th . Baez pitching for Orioles . Guillen singled to right center . Ibanez walked , Guillen to second . Walker pitching for Orioles . Johjima walked , Guillen to third , Ibanez to second . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to right , Guillen scored , Ibanez to third . Ibanez scored , Johjima to second on wild pitch by Walker . Broussard reached on infield single to first , Johjima to third . Betancourt singled to left , Johjima scored , Broussard to second . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Betancourt out at second , Broussard to third . Suzuki doubled to left , Broussard scored , Bloomquist to third . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Lopez flied out to right . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Millar struck out swinging . Huff popped out to shortstop . Williams pitching for Orioles . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Bottom 8th . Williams pitching for Orioles . Guillen struck out looking . Ibanez flied out to left . Putz pitching for Mariners . Johjima grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Bynum ran for Hernandez . Putz pitching for Mariners . Hernandez singled to left . Patterson bunted into fielder 's choice to third , Bynum out at second . Roberts struck out swinging . Payton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 4 - Mariners 5 .	Suzuki 's double caps 7th inning rally for Mariners