Orioles - Top 1st . Peavy pitching for Padres . Roberts flied out to left . Patterson struck out swinging . Markakis singled to center . Markakis stole second . Tejada struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Giles doubled to deep left center . Cruz Jr walked . Gonzalez walked , Giles to third , Cruz Jr to second . Cameron struck out looking . Bard grounded into double play , pitcher to catcher to first , Giles out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Huff popped out to second . Mora singled to left . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mora out at second . Bako grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Branyan struck out swinging . Greene singled to center . Headley walked , Greene to second . Peavy sacrificed to pitcher , Greene to third , Headley to second . Giles homered to right , Greene and Headley scored . Cruz Jr popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Peavy pitching for Padres . Trachsel flied out to center . Roberts singled to left . Patterson grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Roberts out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez popped out to third . Cameron grounded out to second . Bard struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Markakis struck out swinging . Tejada grounded out to first . Huff struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Branyan struck out swinging . Greene homered to center . Headley flied out to right . Peavy flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Mora struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to pitcher . Bako struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Giles struck out swinging . Cruz Jr singled to right . Gonzalez flied out to center . Bell pitching for Orioles . Bynum in left field . Cameron singled to left , Cruz Jr scored , Cameron to second on error by left fielder Payton . Bard walked . Cameron to third , Bard to second on wild pitch by Bell . Branyan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 6th . Peavy pitching for Padres . Bynum hit by pitch . Roberts flied out to right . Patterson singled to center , Bynum to third . Patterson stole second . Markakis walked . Tejada singled to center , Bynum scored , Patterson to third , Markakis to second . Huff flied out to right . Gibbons hit for Bell . Mora reached on infield single to third , Patterson scored , Markakis to third , Tejada to second , Markakis scored , Tejada to third , Mora to second on throwing error by third baseman Head . Gibbons walked . Williamson pitching for Orioles . Bako struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Bottom 6th . Williamson pitching for Orioles . Greene struck out swinging . Bocachica hit for Peavy . Headley doubled to right , Headley out stretching at third . Bocachica singled to left . Bocachica stole second . Giles walked . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Cruz Jr singled to right , Bocachica scored , Giles to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Giles scored , Cruz Jr to third . Cameron reached on infield single to shortstop , Cruz Jr scored , Gonzalez to second . Bard walked , Gonzalez to third , Cameron to second . Branyan hit by pitch , Gonzalez scored , Cameron to third , Bard to second . Greene singled to right , Cameron and Bard scored , Branyan to third . Cruz Jr in left field . Branyan at third base . Hampson pitching for Padres . Bocachica in right field . Headley grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Greene out at second . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Hampson pitching for Padres . Bynum hit by pitch . Roberts singled to center , Bynum to second . Patterson flied out to center . Markakis singled to center , Bynum scored , Roberts to second . Tejada doubled to deep left , Roberts and Markakis scored . Meredith pitching for Padres . Huff singled to left , Tejada to third . Mora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Bocachica flied out to center . Giles flied out to right . Cruz Jr walked . Gomez hit for Parrish . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Meredith pitching for Padres . Gomez singled to center . Bako struck out swinging . Bynum struck out swinging . Gomez to second on wild pitch by Meredith . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Gomez at second base . Roberts flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Cameron doubled to deep left , Cameron to third on error by left fielder Bynum . Bard singled to right , Cameron scored . Branyan flied out to left . Sledge hit for Meredith . Greene singled to left center , Bard to second . Sledge flied out to left . Cameron pitching for Padres . Bocachica fouled out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 9th . Cameron pitching for Padres . Patterson reached on infield single to second . Markakis reached on infield single to third , Patterson to second . Tejada grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second , Patterson to third . Huff grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Padres 12 .	Peavy maintains NL - best ERA in win over Orioles