Yankees - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Damon struck out swinging . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Matsui lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Roberts grounded out to shortstop . Gomez singled to right . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gomez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Posada struck out looking . Cano grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Hernandez walked . Huff struck out looking . Mora flied out to left . Millar singled to right , Hernandez to third . Payton grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cabrera bunt grounded out to catcher . Abreu lined out to left . Cairo singled to left . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Patterson singled to shallow left . Patterson stole second . Roberts walked . Gomez sacrificed to pitcher , Patterson to third , Roberts to second . Markakis grounded out to second , Patterson scored , Roberts to third . Hernandez grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Jeter singled to center . Matsui grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jeter out at second . Rodriguez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matsui out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Huff flied out to right . Mora walked . Millar singled to right center , Mora to second . Payton popped out to second . Patterson singled to shallow right center , Mora scored , Millar to third . Roberts flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Posada walked . Cano grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Posada out at second . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gomez popped out to second . Markakis hit ground rule double to deep center . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop , Markakis to third . Huff walked . Mora walked , Huff to second . Millar popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Abreu struck out looking . Cairo singled to right . Damon homered to right , Cairo scored . Jeter singled to right . Matsui struck out looking . Rodriguez singled to left , Jeter to second . Posada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Payton grounded out to second . Patterson singled to shallow left . Patterson caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Cano flied out to center . Walker pitching for Orioles . Cabrera singled to right . Abreu singled to center , Cabrera to third . Cairo flied out to center . Damon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gomez flied out to right . Markakis singled to center , Markakis out stretching at second . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Hernandez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to second . Matsui grounded out to second . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Yankees . Huff lined out to third . Mora singled to left . Mora stole second . Gibbons hit for Payton . Millar grounded out to third . Gibbons in left field . Ray pitching for Orioles . Gibbons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ray pitching for Orioles . Posada walked . Cano bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Posada out at second . Cabrera walked , Cano to second . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second , Cano to third . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Cairo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Proctor pitching for Yankees . Patterson walked . Roberts singled to left , Patterson to second . Gomez bunt popped out to pitcher . Markakis walked , Patterson to third , Roberts to second . Hernandez walked , Patterson scored , Roberts to third , Markakis to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 2 - Orioles 3 .	O 's best Yanks ' ' pen , snag win with walk - off walk