Mariners - Top 1st . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to deep left center . Suzuki stole second . Vidro walked . Guillen grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Vidro out at second , Suzuki to third . Beltre struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Roberts doubled to deep right . Patterson grounded out to first , Roberts to third . Markakis lined out to third . Millar grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Ibanez homered to left . Sexson grounded out to shortstop . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Lopez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Tejada reached on infield single to first . Huff singled to right , Tejada to second . Mora sacrificed to third , Tejada to third , Huff to second . Hernandez singled to right , Tejada scored , Huff to third . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Huff out at home , Hernandez to second . Roberts struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Suzuki singled to left center . Vidro singled to right , Suzuki to second . Guillen flied out to right . Beltre flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Patterson doubled to left . Patterson stole third . Markakis singled to center , Patterson scored . Markakis caught stealing second , catcher to second . Millar flied out to right . Tejada flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Ibanez grounded out to pitcher . Sexson grounded out to pitcher . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Huff flied out to right . Mora singled to center . Hernandez grounded out to second , Mora to second . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro walked , Suzuki to second . Guillen singled to right , Suzuki scored , Vidro to second . Beltre flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Roberts struck out swinging . Patterson struck out swinging . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Trachsel pitching for Orioles . Ibanez flied out to center . Sexson singled to left . Johjima doubled to left , Sexson to third . Lopez grounded out to third . Betancourt walked . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Weaver pitching for Mariners . Millar singled to left . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Millar out at second . Huff singled to right . Mora singled to left , Huff to second . Hernandez singled to center , Huff scored , Mora to third . Payton flied out to center . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Vidro grounded out to third . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Guillen reached on infield single to shortstop . Guillen to second on wild pitch by Shuey . Beltre struck out swinging . Walker pitching for Orioles . Ibanez homered to right , Guillen scored . Sexson singled to deep left . Bloomquist ran for Sexson . Johjima singled to left , Bloomquist to third . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Lopez singled to center , Bloomquist scored , Johjima to second . Betancourt flied out to right . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Bloomquist at first base . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Roberts singled to center . Patterson reached on bunt single to first , Roberts to second . Markakis flied out to left . Green pitching for Mariners . Millar grounded out to first , Roberts to third , Patterson to second . Tejada grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Orioles . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . Vidro grounded out to pitcher . Guillen reached on infield single to third . Beltre reached on infield single to first , Guillen to third . Ibanez doubled to deep right , Guillen scored , Beltre to third . Bloomquist singled to right , Beltre scored , Ibanez to third . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Johjima safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora , Ibanez scored , Bloomquist to third . Lopez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Green pitching for Mariners . Huff grounded out to shortstop . Mora singled to right center . Hernandez reached on infield single to second , Mora to second . Payton grounded out to pitcher , Mora to third , Hernandez to second . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to third . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Roberts grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Birkins pitching for Orioles . Betancourt grounded out to second . Vidro flied out to right . Guillen doubled to deep left , Suzuki scored . Jones ran for Guillen . Beltre singled to left , Jones scored , Beltre to second advancing on throw . Ibanez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jones in right field . O'Flaherty pitching for Mariners . Patterson popped out to second . Markakis flied out to left . Millar popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 10 - Orioles 3 .	Ibanez homers twice as M 's ease past Orioles