Mariners - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Suzuki singled to center . Vidro homered to center , Suzuki scored . Guillen flied out to center . Beltre struck out swinging . Ibanez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts flied out to center . Patterson tripled to right . Markakis singled to left , Patterson scored . Millar struck out swinging , Markakis stole second . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop , Markakis to third . Mora grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Sexson singled to center . Johjima lined out to third . Lopez singled to right , Sexson to second . Betancourt flied out to center , Sexson to third . Suzuki flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gibbons singled to left . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gibbons out at second . Payton grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Vidro singled to right . Guillen grounded out to third , Vidro to second . Beltre grounded out to third . Ibanez hit by pitch . Sexson safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Mora , Vidro scored , Ibanez to second . Johjima flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts struck out swinging . Patterson grounded out to second . Markakis singled to left . Millar doubled to deep left center , Markakis scored , Millar to third on throwing error by shortstop Betancourt . Tejada singled to center , Millar scored . Mora flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Lopez struck out swinging . Betancourt singled to center . Suzuki singled to right , Betancourt to third . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to right , Betancourt scored . Guillen homered to left center , Suzuki scored . Beltre struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Gibbons grounded out to first . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Payton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Bell pitching for Orioles . Ibanez homered to center . Sexson grounded out to third . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . Lopez lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Roberts doubled to left center . Patterson grounded out to first , Roberts to third . Markakis grounded out to shortstop , Roberts scored . Millar popped out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Bell pitching for Orioles . Betancourt hit ground rule double to deep left . Suzuki reached on bunt single to pitcher , Betancourt to third . Vidro hit sacrifice fly to right , Betancourt scored . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Suzuki out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Tejada singled to right center . Mora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tejada out at second . Gibbons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Bell pitching for Orioles . Beltre doubled to deep right . Ibanez flied out to left . Sexson flied out to center . Johjima grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Mariners . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Payton grounded out to third . Roberts singled to center . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Patterson popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Shuey pitching for Orioles . Lopez flied out to right . Betancourt flied out to center . Suzuki grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Sherrill pitching for Mariners . Markakis struck out swinging . Millar walked . Morrow pitching for Mariners . Tejada struck out swinging . Mora singled to left , Millar to second . Gibbons walked , Millar to third , Mora to second . Putz pitching for Mariners . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Vidro singled to center . Guillen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Vidro out at second . Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop . Ibanez doubled to deep right center , Beltre out at home . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Jones in left field . Putz pitching for Mariners . Payton struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . Patterson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 8 - Orioles 4 .	Vidro , Ichiro lift Mariners past slumping Orioles