Devil Rays - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Iwamura struck out looking . Crawford grounded out to shortstop . Pena grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Roberts doubled to left . Patterson sacrificed to catcher , Roberts to third , Patterson safe at first on error by pitcher Kazmir . Roberts to third on error by pitcher Kazmir . Markakis homered to center , Roberts and Patterson scored . Tejada hit ground rule double to deep left . Millar walked . Mora grounded into double play , third to second to first , Millar out at second , Tejada to third . House struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Upton struck out swinging . Young grounded out to second . Harris walked . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Hernandez doubled to deep right . Payton struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . Patterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Wilson homered to center . Paul struck out looking . Iwamura popped out to shortstop . Crawford hit ground rule double to deep left . Pena walked . Upton homered to right , Crawford and Pena scored . Young flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis struck out looking . Tejada singled to deep left . Millar homered to left , Tejada scored . Mora popped out to shortstop . House grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Harris walked . Gomes struck out swinging . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop , Harris to second , Harris to third on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Paul sacrificed into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Harris scored , Wilson to second . Iwamura popped out to shortstop . Crawford popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Hernandez flied out to center . Payton grounded out to shortstop . Roberts walked . Patterson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Pena grounded out to second . Upton grounded out to third . Young singled to right . Harris lined out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Kazmir pitching for Devil Rays . Markakis singled to left . Tejada walked , Markakis to second . Millar struck out swinging . Mora grounded out to third , Markakis to third , Tejada to second . House fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Gomes doubled to deep left . Wilson reached on infield single to shortstop . Paul bunted into fielder 's choice to catcher , Gomes out at third , Wilson to second . Iwamura grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Paul out at second , Wilson to third . Crawford singled to right , Wilson scored , Iwamura to second . Pena struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . Payton fouled out to third . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Upton struck out swinging . Young grounded out to catcher . Harris walked . Gomes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Dohmann pitching for Devil Rays . Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher . Markakis walked , Patterson to second . Tejada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second , Patterson to third . Millar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Hoey pitching for Orioles . Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Paul fouled out to right . Iwamura homered to right . Burres pitching for Orioles . Crawford flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Wheeler pitching for Devil Rays . Mora struck out swinging . Huff hit for House . Huff flied out to right . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Burres pitching for Orioles . Pena struck out swinging . Upton walked . Young doubled to deep right , Upton to third . Harris intentionally walked . Leicester pitching for Orioles . Norton hit for Gomes . Norton hit sacrifice fly to center , Upton scored , Young to third . Wilson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Reyes pitching for Devil Rays . Redman hit for Payton . Redman singled to center . Roberts struck out swinging , Redman stole second . Patterson doubled to deep left center , Redman scored . Markakis struck out swinging . Tejada flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 8 - Orioles 6 .	Rays complete sweep , extend O 's skid to nine