Angels - Top 1st . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Cabrera walked . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins to third , Cabrera safe at second on error by second baseman Roberts . Anderson doubled to left , Figgins and Cabrera scored , Guerrero to third . Izturis singled to right center , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third , Izturis to second advancing on throw . Kotchman hit sacrifice fly to left , Anderson scored , Izturis to third . Kendrick safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Izturis scored . Kendrick stole second . Mathis struck out swinging . Willits struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Escobar pitching for Angels . Roberts struck out swinging . Redman popped out to shortstop . Markakis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 2nd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Cabrera reached on infield single to second , Figgins to third . Guerrero reached on infield single to pitcher , Figgins scored , Cabrera to second . Anderson flied out to left . Izturis walked , Cabrera to third , Guerrero to second . Kotchman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Tejada safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera . Millar flied out to center . Huff walked , Tejada to second . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Huff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Top 3rd . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Kendrick grounded out to first . Mathis flied out to left . Willits singled to center . Figgins struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Angels . Moore struck out looking . Payton flied out to center . Roberts flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 4th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Cabrera walked . Cabrera stole second . Guerrero struck out swinging . Anderson homered to center , Cabrera scored . Izturis flied out to left . Kotchman struck out looking . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Redman homered to right . Markakis grounded out to first . Tejada tripled to deep right . Millar walked . Huff singled to center , Tejada scored , Millar to second . Hernandez singled to shallow left , Millar to third , Huff to second . Millar scored , Huff to third , Hernandez to second on wild pitch by Escobar . Moore singled to center , Huff scored , Hernandez to third . Payton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez scored , Moore out at second . Roberts grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 5th . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Kendrick grounded out to third . Mathis singled to left . Willits walked , Mathis to second . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Figgins walked , Mathis to third , Willits to second . Cabrera lined out to second . Guerrero singled to center , Mathis and Willits scored , Figgins to third . Anderson singled to right , Figgins scored , Guerrero to second . Izturis struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Redman grounded out to catcher . Markakis homered to right . Tejada grounded out to first . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 6th . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Kotchman struck out swinging . Kendrick grounded out to second . Mathis walked . Willits grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Escobar pitching for Angels . Huff struck out swinging . Hernandez doubled to deep right center . Oliver pitching for Angels . Mora hit for Moore . Mora struck out swinging . Payton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 7th . Fahey at third base . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Figgins lined out to center . Cabrera popped out to second . Guerrero lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Oliver pitching for Angels . Roberts struck out swinging . Redman reached on infield single to first . Markakis grounded into double play , third to second to first , Redman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 8th . Cherry pitching for Orioles . Anderson grounded out to first . Izturis walked . Kotchman walked , Izturis to second . Cabrera pitching for Orioles . Kendrick singled to center , Izturis scored , Kotchman to third . Mathis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kotchman scored , Kendrick safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Fahey . Willits walked , Mathis to second . Figgins walked , Kendrick scored , Mathis to third , Willits to second . Baez pitching for Orioles . Cabrera walked , Mathis scored , Willits to third , Figgins to second . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Willits scored , Cabrera out at second , Figgins to third . Evans ran for Guerrero . Anderson grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Morales in right field . Aybar at shortstop . Haynes in left field . Moseley pitching for Angels . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Millar grounded out to third . Huff singled to center . Hernandez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Top 9th . Bynum at second base . Hernandez at shortstop . Molina catching . Fahey in left field . House at third base . Napoli hit for Izturis . Baez pitching for Orioles . Napoli hit by pitch . Wood hit for Kotchman . Wood homered to left , Napoli scored . Kendrick grounded out to pitcher . Quinlan hit for Mathis . Quinlan walked . Murphy hit for Willits . Murphy singled to left , Quinlan to second . Morales walked , Quinlan to third , Murphy to second . Aybar flied out to left . Evans grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Napoli catching . Wood at third base . Quinlan at first base . Murphy in center field . Bulger pitching for Angels . Fahey struck out swinging . House struck out looking . Bynum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Angels 18 - Orioles 6 .	Anderson helps Escobar grab 17th as Angels roll