Mariners - Top 1st. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to third. Lopez singled to center. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to second. Beltre struck out swinging. Vidro grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Silva pitching for Mariners. Buck grounded out to first. Ellis flied out to center. Barton doubled to deep left center. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Norton struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to third. Bloomquist walked. Bloomquist stole second. Betancourt grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Brown grounded out to third. Crosby fouled out to shortstop. Sweeney grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to first. Lopez singled to center. Ibanez singled to right, Lopez to second. Beltre walked, Lopez to third, Ibanez to second. Vidro singled to left, Lopez and Ibanez scored, Beltre to third. Norton walked, Vidro to second. Johjima walked, Beltre scored, Vidro to third, Norton to second. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist grounded into fielder's choice to second, Vidro scored, Johjima out at second, Norton to third. Betancourt singled to right, Norton scored, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Betancourt out at second. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Silva pitching for Mariners. Suzuki flied out to right. Hannahan safe at first on error by first baseman Norton. Buck grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hannahan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to third. Ibanez grounded out to second. Beltre singled to right. Vidro grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Ellis singled to shallow center. Barton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ellis out at second. Cust singled to center. Brown tripled to deep center, Cust scored. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Norton grounded out to second. Johjima grounded out to first. Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Sweeney fouled out to left. Suzuki lined out to third. Hannahan grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Betancourt grounded out to second. Suzuki walked. Lopez flied out to left. Suzuki stole second. Ibanez singled to center, Suzuki scored. Beltre flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Silva pitching for Mariners. Buck lined out to left. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Barton walked. Cust walked, Barton to second. Brown struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Vidro grounded out to second. Norton grounded out to second. Johjima grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Cairo at first base. Silva pitching for Mariners. Crosby flied out to left. Sweeney grounded out to second. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Saarloos pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist walked. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bloomquist safe at second on error by second baseman Ellis. Suzuki grounded out to first, Bloomquist to third, Betancourt to second. Lopez singled to center, Bloomquist and Betancourt scored. Ibanez flied out to left. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lopez out at second. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Rowland-Smith pitching for Mariners. Hannahan walked. Buck struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to center. Barton fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Vidro grounded out to shortstop. Cairo grounded out to third. Johjima flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Morrow pitching for Mariners. Cust struck out swinging. Brown flied out to center. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 8 - Athletics 1.	Mariners continue domination of Athletics