Rangers - Top 1st. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Kinsler safe at third on error by center fielder Sweeney. Young hit sacrifice fly to right, Kinsler scored. Hamilton grounded out to first. Bradley continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Bowen. Bradley doubled to left center. Murphy flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Barton struck out swinging. Hannahan singled to center. Cust grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hannahan out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Boggs singled to center. Broussard grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Boggs out at second. Laird grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Thomas popped out to first. Brown flied out to right. Bowen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Vazquez grounded out to shortstop. Kinsler lined out to right. Young grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Crosby grounded out to third. Sweeney walked. Murphy popped out to third. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sweeney out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Hamilton grounded out to pitcher. Bradley singled to right. Murphy singled to right, Bradley to third. Boggs hit sacrifice fly to left, Bradley scored, Murphy to second. Broussard popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Hannahan struck out swinging. Cust homered to left. Thomas walked. Brown grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomas out at second. Bowen singled to center, Brown to third. Crosby doubled to deep left, Brown and Bowen scored. Crosby to third on wild pitch by Padilla. Sweeney walked. Murphy popped out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Laird doubled to left. Vazquez reached on bunt single to pitcher, Laird to third. Kinsler grounded out to shortstop, Laird scored, Vazquez to second. Young grounded out to third, Vazquez to third, Vazquez scored on throwing error by first baseman Barton. Hamilton flied out to center. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Barton struck out looking. Hannahan fouled out to left. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Bradley reached on bunt single to pitcher, Bradley advanced to second on play. Murphy walked. Boggs struck out looking. Broussard flied out to center. Laird grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bradley out at third, Murphy to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Padilla pitching for Rangers. Thomas singled to center. Brown struck out looking. Bowen popped out to second. Crosby doubled to left, Thomas to third. Sweeney walked. Wright pitching for Rangers. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Sweeney out at second, Crosby to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Blanton pitching for Athletics. Vazquez flied out to left. Kinsler flied out to right. Young flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Guardado pitching for Rangers. Barton singled to right. Ellis hit for Hannahan. Ellis popped out to second. Cust flied into double play, center to second to first, Barton doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Ellis at second base. Murphy at third base. Embree pitching for Athletics. Hamilton grounded out to second. Bradley struck out swinging. Murphy flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Benoit pitching for Rangers. Thomas struck out swinging. Brown singled to right center. Sweeney hit for Bowen. Sweeney fouled out to first. Crosby walked, Brown to second. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Suzuki catching. Street pitching for Athletics. Boggs struck out looking. Broussard fouled out to third. Laird struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Wilson pitching for Rangers. Murphy flied out to center. Barton flied out to right. Ellis flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 4 - Athletics 3.	Rangers turn sloppy Athletics' gaffes into victory