Orioles - Top 1st. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Roberts struck out swinging. Mora struck out looking. Markakis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Burres pitching for Orioles. Suzuki fouled out to left. Barton flied out to left. Thomas singled to right. Cust singled to right, Thomas to second. Brown singled to right, Thomas scored, Cust to third. Crosby walked, Brown to second. Ellis lined out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Huff flied out to left. Millar flied out to right. Scott flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Murphy flied out to center. Davis reached on infield single to second. Suzuki flied out to left. Barton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Jones struck out swinging. Quiroz flied out to right. Hernandez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Burres pitching for Orioles. Thomas singled to shallow right. Cust singled to right, Thomas to second. Brown singled to left, Thomas to third, Cust to second. Crosby grounded into fielder's choice to second, Thomas scored, Brown out at second, Cust to third. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cust scored, Crosby out at second. Murphy grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Roberts walked. Mora grounded out to second, Roberts to second. Markakis walked. Huff singled to right, Roberts scored, Markakis to second. Millar singled to shallow center, Markakis to third, Huff to second. Scott hit sacrifice fly to center, Markakis scored. Jones fouled out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Davis flied out to center. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Barton grounded into fielder's choice to first, Suzuki out at second. Thomas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Quiroz grounded out to shortstop. Hernandez lined out to center. Roberts lined out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Cust struck out looking. Brown flied out to left. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Mora singled to center. Markakis grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Mora out at second. Huff grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Burres pitching for Orioles. Ellis hit by pitch. Murphy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ellis safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Mora. Davis hit sacrifice fly to right, Ellis scored, Murphy to third. Albers pitching for Orioles. Suzuki popped out to shortstop. Barton struck out looking. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Duchscherer pitching for Athletics. Millar grounded out to third. Scott singled to center. Jones flied out to left. Quiroz flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Albers pitching for Orioles. Thomas walked. Denorfia ran for Thomas. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to second, Denorfia out at second. Sweeney ran for Cust. Sweeney stole second. Brown flied out to left. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Sweeney in right field. Brown in left field. Embree pitching for Athletics. Payton hit for Hernandez. Payton popped out to first. Roberts flied out to center. Mora struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Torres at shortstop. Albers pitching for Orioles. Ellis popped out to pitcher. Hannahan hit for Murphy. Hannahan singled to left center. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Hannahan safe at second on error by shortstop Torres. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 9th. Hannahan at third base. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Markakis flied out to center. Huff struck out swinging. Millar walked. Scott fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 2 - Athletics 4.	Duchscherer helps A's stop O's, win third straight