Blue Jays - Top 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Stewart reached on infield single to pitcher. Hill popped out to second. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Stewart out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Hannahan reached on infield single to second. Crosby flied out to right. Cust flied out to left. Chavez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Rolen grounded out to second. Mench doubled to deep center. Scutaro reached on infield single to first, Mench to third. Barajas walked, Scutaro to second. Wilkerson hit sacrifice fly to left, Mench scored, Scutaro to third. Eckstein doubled to right, Scutaro scored, Barajas to third. Stewart flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Brown flied out to center. Ellis flied out to left. Barton grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Hill singled to center. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hill out at second. Rolen hit by pitch, Rios to second. Rios stole third. Rolen stole second. Mench hit sacrifice fly to left, Rios scored. Scutaro grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Bowen grounded out to second. Davis popped out to second. Hannahan singled to left. Crosby bunt grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Barajas doubled to deep center. Wilkerson flied out to center. Eckstein walked. Stewart singled to left, Barajas to third, Eckstein to second. Hill singled to left, Barajas scored, Eckstein to third, Stewart to second. Rios struck out swinging. Rolen struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Cust singled to deep right center, Cust out stretching at second. Chavez grounded out to first. Brown doubled to deep left. Ellis walked. Barton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Mench singled to right. Scutaro struck out looking. Barajas doubled to deep left, Mench scored. Wilkerson singled to left, Barajas scored, Wilkerson to second advancing on throw. Braden pitching for Athletics. Eckstein singled to center, Wilkerson to third. Stewart walked, Eckstein to second. Hill walked, Wilkerson scored, Eckstein to third, Stewart to second. Rios grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Hill out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Bowen flied out to left. Davis grounded out to second. Hannahan singled to left. Crosby grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 6th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Rolen doubled to deep center. Mench singled to left, Rolen to third. Scutaro singled to right, Rolen scored, Mench to second. Barajas doubled to deep right center, Mench and Scutaro scored. Wilkerson struck out swinging. Eckstein flied out to left. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Cust grounded out to first. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Brown tripled to deep center. Ellis grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 7th. Braden pitching for Athletics. Hill walked. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hill out at second. Thigpen hit for Rolen. Thigpen walked. Mench popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Thigpen at first base. Scutaro at third base. Litsch pitching for Blue Jays. Barton struck out swinging. Bowen singled to shallow center. Inglett at second base. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bowen out at second. Hannahan popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 8th. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Scutaro flied out to right. Barajas grounded out to third. Wilkerson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Carlson pitching for Blue Jays. Crosby popped out to second. Cust walked. Chavez lined out to right. Brown walked, Cust to second. Ellis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cust out at third, Brown to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Top 9th. Petit at shortstop. DiNardo pitching for Athletics. Eckstein walked. Stewart homered to left, Eckstein scored. Inglett struck out swinging. Rios safe at second on error by left fielder Cust. Thigpen grounded out to first, Rios to third. Mench flied out to center. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Camp pitching for Blue Jays. Barton doubled to deep left. Bowen struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to shortstop, Barton to third. Hannahan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Blue Jays 12 - Athletics 0.	Blue Jays rough up Eveland; Litsch dominates A's