Athletics - Top 1st. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Hannahan grounded out to first. Crosby struck out swinging. Cust struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Smith pitching for Athletics. Kinsler flied out to right. Young singled to center. Hamilton lined out to third. Bradley homered to center, Young scored. Murphy flied out to left. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Chavez grounded out to first. Ellis fouled out to first. Buck lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Smith pitching for Athletics. Laird struck out looking. Byrd lined out to right. Shelton doubled to deep left. Metcalf grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez lined out to right. Barton walked. Suzuki grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Barton out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Smith pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to third. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Hannahan doubled to deep center. Hannahan to third on balk by Feldman. Crosby grounded out to shortstop, Hannahan scored. Cust fouled out to third. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Bradley grounded out to shortstop. Murphy lined out to right. Laird flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Ellis flied out to left. Buck homered to right. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Barton walked. Suzuki singled to left, Gonzalez scored, Barton to second, Barton to third on error by left fielder Murphy. Hannahan hit sacrifice fly to right, Barton scored, Suzuki tagged out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Byrd flied out to right. Shelton popped out to second. Metcalf struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Feldman pitching for Rangers. Crosby flied out to center. Cust flied out to right. Chavez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Smith pitching for Athletics. Kinsler singled to right. Young walked, Kinsler to second. Hamilton singled to center, Kinsler scored, Young to third. Bradley singled to center, Young scored, Hamilton to second. Murphy singled to right, Hamilton scored, Bradley to second. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Laird singled to right, Bradley to third, Murphy to second. Byrd popped out to second. Catalanotto hit for Shelton. Bradley scored, Murphy to third, Laird to second on wild pitch by Gaudin. Catalanotto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy scored, Laird to third. Catalanotto hit for Shelton. Bradley scored, Murphy to third, Laird to second on wild pitch by Gaudin. Catalanotto grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy scored, Laird to third. Metcalf struck out swinging. Kinsler hit by pitch, Catalanotto to second. Young struck out swinging. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Catalanotto at first base. Wright pitching for Rangers. Ellis singled to center. Buck walked, Ellis to second. Gonzalez doubled to right, Ellis scored, Buck to third. Barton walked. Tejeda pitching for Rangers. Suzuki walked, Buck scored, Gonzalez to third, Barton to second. Hannahan doubled to right, Gonzalez and Barton scored, Suzuki to third. Crosby singled to center, Suzuki and Hannahan scored. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Cust homered to right, Crosby scored. Chavez flied out to left. Ellis homered to left. Buck struck out swinging. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Davis in center field. Buck in left field. Gonzalez in right field. Hamilton flied out to center. Bradley struck out swinging. Murphy continues to bat after dropped foul ball by catcher Suzuki. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Francisco pitching for Rangers. Barton walked. Suzuki singled to shallow center, Barton to second. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Hannahan struck out looking. Crosby struck out looking. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Suzuki out at second, Barton to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Calero pitching for Athletics. Laird fouled out to first. Byrd struck out swinging. Catalanotto walked. Metcalf flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Rupe pitching for Rangers. Chavez struck out swinging. Ellis flied out to left. Buck grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Kinsler grounded out to pitcher. Young struck out swinging. Hamilton homered to center. Bradley struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 13 - Rangers 8.	A's snap skid with 7th-inning outburst vs. Rangers