Tigers - Top 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Granderson grounded out to shortstop. Polanco flied out to center. Thames struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Willis pitching for Tigers. Ellis grounded out to second. Crosby lined out to right. Cust singled to center. Chavez lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Ordonez walked. Cabrera flied out to right. Guillen walked, Ordonez to second. Renteria walked, Ordonez to third, Guillen to second. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Brown reached on infield single to shortstop. Buck struck out swinging. Barton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Brown out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Granderson grounded out to second. Polanco grounded out to shortstop. Thames lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Willis pitching for Tigers. Gonzalez grounded out to first. Suzuki walked. Ellis walked, Suzuki to second. Crosby grounded into double play, third to first, Suzuki out at third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Ordonez grounded out to third. Cabrera singled to left. Guillen walked, Cabrera to second. Renteria grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guillen out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Willis pitching for Tigers. Cust walked. Chavez walked, Cust to second. Cust to third, Chavez to second on wild pitch by Willis. Brown struck out swinging. Buck struck out swinging. Barton walked. Gonzalez grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez walked. Raburn doubled to right, Rodriguez to third. Granderson grounded out to second, Rodriguez scored, Raburn to third. Polanco singled to center, Raburn scored. Thames walked, Polanco to second. Ordonez walked, Polanco to third, Thames to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Cabrera hit sacrifice fly to right, Polanco scored. Guillen hit by pitch, Thames to third, Ordonez to second. Renteria grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Suzuki walked. Ellis fouled out to first. Crosby walked, Suzuki to second. Cust struck out swinging. Chavez homered to right, Suzuki and Crosby scored. Brown fouled out to catcher. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. Raburn grounded out to shortstop. Granderson grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Buck fouled out to first. Barton flied out to left. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Polanco fouled out to first. Thames walked. Ordonez walked, Thames to second. Cabrera walked, Thames to third, Ordonez to second. Guillen singled to left, Thames scored, Ordonez to third, Cabrera to second. Renteria grounded into double play, third to second to first, Guillen out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Galarraga pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Ellis flied out to center. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Foulke pitching for Athletics. Rodriguez struck out swinging. Raburn walked. Thomas ran for Raburn. Granderson singled to right, Thomas to second. Polanco singled to center, Thomas thrown out at home, Granderson to second. Thames struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Thomas in left field. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Cust struck out looking. Chavez singled to center. Miner pitching for Tigers. Brown walked, Chavez to second. Buck singled to left, Chavez scored, Brown to second, Brown to third advancing on throw. Barton flied out to center. Gonzalez fouled out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Street pitching for Athletics. Ordonez flied out to right. Cabrera lined out to center. Guillen grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 9th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded out to third. Ellis grounded out to second. Crosby walked. Cust flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 10th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Renteria flied out to right. Rodriguez singled to left. Thomas singled to left center, Rodriguez to second. Granderson grounded out to third, Rodriguez to third, Thomas to second. Polanco flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 10th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Chavez grounded out to pitcher. Brown lined out to right. Buck struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 11th. Gaudin pitching for Athletics. Thames doubled to deep left center. Ordonez grounded out to shortstop, Thames to third. Cabrera struck out swinging. Guillen intentionally walked. Guillen to second on wild pitch by Gaudin. Renteria lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 11th. Seay pitching for Tigers. Barton singled to right. Davis ran for Barton. Gonzalez sacrificed to catcher, Davis to second. Dolsi pitching for Tigers. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at third. Ellis singled to left, Suzuki to second. Crosby walked, Suzuki to third, Ellis to second. Cust reached on infield single to first, Suzuki scored, Ellis to third, Crosby to second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 4 - Athletics 5.	Cust's infield single lands A's 11th-inning victory