Mariners - Top 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to second. Lopez grounded out to second. Ibanez walked. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop, Ibanez to second. Sexson homered to left, Ibanez and Beltre scored. Johjima safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Petit. Clement popped out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Ellis fouled out to catcher. Sweeney grounded out to first. Cust struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Bloomquist singled to center. Betancourt popped out to first. Suzuki singled to left, Bloomquist to second. Lopez flied out to left. Ibanez singled to center, Bloomquist thrown out at home, Suzuki to second. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Brown flied out to right. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Beltre singled to center. Sexson flied out to right. Johjima singled to center, Beltre to second. Clement grounded into fielder's choice to first, Johjima out at second, Beltre to third. Bloomquist fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bankston doubled to deep center. Hannahan flied out to center, Bankston to third. Petit struck out looking. Ellis singled to left, Bankston scored. Sweeney flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Betancourt flied out to right. Suzuki lined out to right. Lopez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Cust popped out to shortstop. Brown grounded out to third. Suzuki grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to shortstop. Beltre singled to center. Sexson walked, Beltre to second. Johjima flied into double play, center to shortstop to third, Beltre doubled off second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Gonzalez reached on bunt single to catcher, Gonzalez to third on throwing error by catcher Johjima. Bankston homered to left, Gonzalez scored. Hannahan struck out swinging. Petit doubled to deep center. Ellis flied out to center. Sweeney singled to left, Petit scored, Sweeney to second advancing on throw. Cust lined out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 6th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Clement grounded out to third. Bloomquist walked. Betancourt singled to left, Bloomquist to second. Suzuki walked, Bloomquist to third, Betancourt to second. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Brown flied out to center. Suzuki fouled out to first. Gonzalez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Ibanez grounded out to second. Beltre singled to left. Sexson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Bankston grounded out to third. Hannahan singled to center. Petit flied out to left. Ellis flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Johjima grounded out to second. Embree pitching for Athletics. Vidro hit for Clement. Vidro flied out to center. Bloomquist flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Washburn pitching for Mariners. Sweeney flied out to left. Cust struck out swinging. Brown lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Sweeney in left field. Davis in center field. Gonzalez in right field. Barton at first base. Street pitching for Athletics. Reed hit for Betancourt. Reed struck out swinging. Suzuki reached on infield single to third, Suzuki to second on throwing error by third baseman Hannahan. Lopez walked. Cairo ran for Lopez. Ibanez popped out to third. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 3 - Athletics 4.	Eveland wins again as A's finally beat M's at home