Athletics - Top 1st. Miner pitching for Tigers. Davis singled to center. Barton tripled to deep right, Davis scored. Sweeney popped out to shortstop. Cust walked. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop, Barton scored, Cust to second. Hannahan popped out to third. Cunningham walked, Cust to third, Suzuki to second. Patterson flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco singled to right. Ordonez homered to left, Polanco scored. Cabrera flied out to center. Sheffield homered to left. Thames walked. Renteria struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Miner pitching for Tigers. Pennington lined out to left. Davis fouled out to catcher. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Gonzalez pitching for Athletics. Hessman hit by pitch. Inge tripled to deep right center, Hessman scored. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco grounded out to second. Ordonez walked. Cabrera hit by pitch, Ordonez to second. Sheffield homered to left, Inge, Ordonez and Cabrera scored. Thames safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Outman pitching for Athletics. Renteria doubled to deep right center, Thames scored. Hessman hit by pitch. Inge struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 3rd. Miner pitching for Tigers. Sweeney grounded out to shortstop. Cust struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to center. Hannahan doubled to deep left center, Suzuki scored. Cunningham lined out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Granderson grounded out to first. Polanco flied out to right. Ordonez singled to center. Cabrera homered to center, Ordonez scored. Sheffield safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Pennington. Thames popped out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 4th. Raburn in left field. Miner pitching for Tigers. Patterson struck out swinging. Pennington singled to left. Davis fouled out to right. Barton struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Renteria tripled to deep center. Hessman popped out to second. Inge hit sacrifice fly to center, Renteria scored. Granderson flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Miner pitching for Tigers. Sweeney singled to center. Cust grounded into fielder's choice to second, Sweeney out at second. Suzuki singled to right, Cust to second. Hannahan singled to center, Cust scored, Suzuki to second. Cunningham singled to left, Suzuki to third, Hannahan to second. Patterson singled to right, Suzuki scored, Hannahan to third, Cunningham to second. Lopez pitching for Tigers. Pennington walked, Hannahan scored, Cunningham to third, Patterson to second. Davis singled to left, Cunningham and Patterson scored, Pennington to second. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Barton flied out to right. Sweeney walked, Pennington to third, Davis to second. Cust flied out to left. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Polanco lined out to center. Ordonez walked. Cabrera struck out swinging. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Suzuki flied out to right. Hannahan flied out to left. Cunningham struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Casilla pitching for Athletics. Raburn bunt popped out to pitcher. Renteria walked. Renteria stole second. Hessman flied out to left. Inge flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Fossum pitching for Tigers. Patterson bunt grounded out to pitcher. Pennington hit by pitch. Davis lined out to shortstop. Barton grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Embree pitching for Athletics. Granderson struck out swinging. Polanco struck out looking. Ordonez doubled to deep center. Cabrera singled to center, Ordonez scored. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Rapada pitching for Tigers. Sweeney walked. Cust grounded out to first, Sweeney to second. Suzuki safe at first on error by shortstop Renteria, Sweeney to third. Hannahan popped out to shortstop. Glover pitching for Tigers. Cunningham flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Gray pitching for Athletics. Raburn struck out looking. Renteria lined out to second. Hessman homered to left. Inge walked. Granderson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Joyce in right field. Glover pitching for Tigers. Patterson flied out to center. Pennington singled to left. Davis grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pennington out at second. Barton grounded out to catcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 8 - Tigers 14.	Sheffield hits 2 of Tigers' 5 HRs in win