Mariners - Top 1st. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Suzuki struck out swinging. Betancourt grounded out to third. Ibanez hit by pitch. Lopez grounded into fielder's choice to third, Ibanez out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 1st. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Buck flied out to left. Cunningham popped out to shortstop. Sweeney grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Cairo grounded out to shortstop. Balentien safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Crosby. Johjima reached on infield single to pitcher, Balentien to second. Tuiasosopo struck out looking. Johnson lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Bottom 2nd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Cust struck out swinging. Suzuki grounded out to third. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Betancourt grounded out to third, Suzuki to second. Ibanez grounded out to first, Suzuki to third. Lopez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 3rd. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington safe at first on error by shortstop Betancourt. Hannahan grounded into fielder's choice to second, Pennington out at second. Baisley grounded into double play, third to second to first, Hannahan out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Top 4th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Cairo grounded out to first. Balentien reached on infield single to second. Balentien caught stealing second, catcher to second. Johjima doubled to center. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 4th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Buck homered to right. Cunningham struck out looking. Sweeney doubled to deep right center. Cust struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left, Sweeney scored, Suzuki to second advancing on throw. Crosby flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Johnson struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. Betancourt singled to left. Ibanez singled to right, Betancourt to second. Lopez lined out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 5th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington grounded out to first. Hannahan singled to center. Baisley singled to right, Hannahan to second. Buck struck out swinging. Cunningham popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Cairo flied out to right. Balentien struck out swinging. Johjima grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 6th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Sweeney grounded out to second. Cust singled to center. Suzuki flied out to left. Crosby struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Eveland pitching for Athletics. Tuiasosopo struck out swinging. Johnson fouled out to first. Suzuki doubled to left. Betancourt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 7th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Pennington struck out swinging. Hannahan grounded out to shortstop. Baisley struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Devine pitching for Athletics. Ibanez popped out to second. Lopez struck out swinging. Cairo flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Bottom 8th. Hernandez pitching for Mariners. Buck flied out to center. Cunningham walked. Davis ran for Cunningham. Sweeney struck out swinging. Cust grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Buck in left field. Davis in center field. Sweeney in right field. Ziegler pitching for Athletics. Hulett hit for Balentien. Hulett reached on infield single to second. Johjima struck out swinging. Reed hit for Tuiasosopo. Reed flied out to left. LaHair hit for Johnson. LaHair singled to left, Hulett to second. Valbuena ran for LaHair. Suzuki safe at first on error by first baseman Baisley, Hulett to third, Valbuena to second. Betancourt grounded into fielder's choice to second, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 0 - Athletics 2.	A's get to King Felix in 4th, then hold off Mariners