Athletics - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Buck homered to right. Suzuki grounded out to second. Sweeney singled to right. Sweeney stole second, Sweeney safe at third on throwing error by catcher Johjima. Cust walked. Denorfia doubled to deep center, Sweeney and Cust scored. Barton grounded out to pitcher. Crosby grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Mariners - Bottom 1st. Outman pitching for Athletics. Suzuki doubled to deep right center. Betancourt lined out to left, Suzuki to third. Ibanez grounded out to second, Suzuki scored. Lopez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Baisley grounded out to pitcher. Pennington popped out to shortstop. Buck doubled to left. Suzuki flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 2nd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Johjima singled to center. Balentien doubled to deep left, Johjima to third. Tuiasosopo grounded out to second, Johjima scored, Balentien to third. Johnson struck out looking. Valbuena struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Sweeney grounded out to second. Cust flied out to left. Denorfia grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 3rd. Outman pitching for Athletics. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. Betancourt singled to left. Ibanez flied out to right. Lopez singled to left, Betancourt to second. Betancourt to third, Lopez to second on wild pitch by Outman. Johjima lined out to first. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Barton struck out swinging. Crosby flied out to right. Baisley grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 4th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Balentien struck out swinging. Tuiasosopo singled to center. Johnson grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tuiasosopo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Pennington flied out to left. Buck grounded out to second. Suzuki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 5th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Valbuena reached on bunt single to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Valbuena safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Outman. Betancourt tripled to deep right center, Valbuena and Suzuki scored. Ibanez popped out to shortstop. Lopez struck out swinging. Johjima intentionally walked. Balentien popped out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Mariners. Sweeney lined out to left. Cust struck out swinging. Denorfia singled to right center. Barton reached on infield single to second, Denorfia to second. Messenger pitching for Mariners. Crosby singled to right, Denorfia to third, Barton to second. Baisley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 6th. Outman pitching for Athletics. Tuiasosopo flied out to right. Johnson popped out to second. Valbuena flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Jimenez pitching for Mariners. Pennington popped out to third. Buck singled to right. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Suzuki doubled to deep left, Buck to third. Sweeney struck out swinging. Cust intentionally walked. Denorfia struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 7th. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Suzuki reached on infield single to shortstop. Betancourt grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Suzuki out at second. Ibanez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Corcoran pitching for Mariners. Barton singled to center. Crosby struck out swinging. Gonzalez hit for Baisley. Gonzalez grounded into fielder's choice to first, Barton out at second. Pennington grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Bottom 8th. Murphy at third base. Devine pitching for Athletics. Lopez grounded out to third. Johjima singled to center. Balentien flied out to center. Cairo ran for Johjima. Tuiasosopo walked, Cairo to second. Hulett hit for Johnson. Hulett walked, Cairo to third, Tuiasosopo to second. Valbuena flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Burke catching. Putz pitching for Mariners. Buck struck out swinging. Suzuki struck out swinging. Sweeney struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 3 - Mariners 4.	Mariners beat A's in last game of negative seasons