Padres - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Cordero grounded out to second . Galvis struck out looking . Hosmer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Perdomo pitching for Padres . LeMahieu singled to center . Parra singled to center , LeMahieu to second . Arenado struck out swinging . González grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Parra out at second , LeMahieu to third . Story hit by pitch , González to second . Tauchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pirela grounded out to pitcher . Asuaje grounded out to second . Renfroe hit by pitch . Spangenberg grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Renfroe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Perdomo pitching for Padres . McMahon singled to right center . Wolters grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , McMahon out at second . Márquez singled to left center . LeMahieu singled to left , Márquez to second . Parra lined out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out swinging . Perdomo singled to right . Cordero struck out looking . Galvis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Hedges catching . Baumann pitching for Padres . Desmond hit for Arenado . Desmond safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Spangenberg . Desmond stole second . González singled to right center , Desmond scored . Story walked , González to second . Tauchman sacrificed to third , González to third , Story to second . McMahon walked . Wolters singled to center , González , Story and McMahon scored , Wolters to third on error by center fielder Cordero . Valaika hit for Márquez . Cimber pitching for Padres . Valaika singled to left center , Wolters scored . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valaika out at second . Anderson hit for Parra . Anderson struck out swinging . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Desmond in left field . Valaika at third base . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Hosmer struck out swinging . Pirela reached on infield single to third . Asuaje struck out swinging . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Pirela out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Cimber pitching for Padres . Desmond struck out swinging . González walked . Story lined out to right . Tauchman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Spangenberg grounded out to first . Hedges flied out to right . Cimber struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Cimber pitching for Padres . McMahon struck out swinging . Wolters grounded out to shortstop . Valaika grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Senzatela pitching for Rockies . Cordero homered to center ( 422 feet ) . Galvis bunt popped out to first . Hosmer doubled to left . Pirela reached on infield single to third , Hosmer to third . Asuaje walked , Pirela to second . Renfroe grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hosmer scored , Asuaje out at second , Pirela to third . Pirela scored , Renfroe to second on passed ball by Wolters . Spangenberg struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Cimber pitching for Padres . LeMahieu doubled to deep right . Senzatela sacrificed to first , LeMahieu to third . Headley at third base . Maton pitching for Padres . Desmond hit sacrifice fly to center , LeMahieu scored . González struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Hedges grounded out to shortstop . Headley struck out looking . Cordero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Maton pitching for Padres . Story struck out swinging . Tauchman lined out to right . McMahon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 8th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Galvis struck out swinging . Hosmer homered to left center ( 439 feet ) . Pirela popped out to second . Asuaje flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Maton pitching for Padres . Wolters grounded out to second . Valaika struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Renfroe flied out to right . Villanueva hit for Maton . Villanueva struck out swinging . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 4 - Rockies 6 .	Basebrawl : Arenado charges mound , Rockies beat Padres 6 - 4