Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Jay struck out swinging . Goldschmidt homered to right ( 450 feet ) . Lamb grounded out to pitcher . Descalso walked . Peralta struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu singled to left . Blackmon grounded into fielder 's choice to second , LeMahieu safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Descalso . Arenado grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Blackmon out at second , LeMahieu to third . Story homered to center ( 459 feet ) , LeMahieu scored . Parra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Dyson grounded out to second . Ahmed homered to center ( 430 feet ) . Avila walked . Koch sacrificed to first , Avila to second . Jay hit by pitch . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to second . Cuevas doubled to left . Wolters grounded out to shortstop , Cuevas to third . Bettis flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Lamb grounded out to first . Descalso struck out swinging . Peralta singled to deep center . Dyson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon singled to shallow center . Arenado flied out to center . Story homered to left ( 417 feet ) , Blackmon scored . Parra struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Ahmed doubled to deep left center . Avila struck out swinging . Koch struck out looking . Jay hit by pitch . Goldschmidt homered to left ( 354 feet ) , Ahmed and Jay scored . Lamb grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond walked . Cuevas singled to center , Desmond to second . Wolters flied out to center , Desmond to third . McMahon hit for Bettis . McMahon hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored . LeMahieu homered to center ( 439 feet ) , Cuevas scored . Blackmon grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Descalso struck out swinging . Peralta singled to center . Dyson grounded out to pitcher , Peralta to second . Ahmed grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Koch pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado fouled out to first . Story singled to center . Story caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Parra lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Avila grounded out to second . Owings hit for Koch . Owings struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Cuevas struck out swinging . Wolters popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Hoffman pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt singled to center . Lamb grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Goldschmidt out at second . Descalso walked . Tauchman in right field . McGee pitching for Rockies . Peralta doubled to left center , Descalso scored . Dyson reached on infield single to shortstop , Peralta to third . Ahmed flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Tauchman struck out swinging . LeMahieu struck out swinging . Blackmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Murphy hit for Avila . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Murphy singled to right . Marte hit for Bracho . Marte safe at first on error by pitcher Shaw , Murphy advanced to second on Shaw error , Murphy scored , Marte to third on throwing error by pitcher Shaw . Jay struck out swinging . Goldschmidt intentionally walked . Lamb singled to center , Marte scored , Goldschmidt to third . Descalso struck out swinging . Lamb stole second . Peralta singled to right , Goldschmidt and Lamb scored . Dyson walked , Peralta to second . Ahmed doubled to deep right , Peralta and Dyson scored . Pounders pitching for Rockies . Murphy popped out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Murphy catching . Marte at second base . Bradley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded out to second . Story flied out to right . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Pounders pitching for Rockies . Marte struck out swinging . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt hit by pitch . Lamb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Salas pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond struck out looking . Iannetta hit for Pounders . Iannetta singled to deep right . Wolters grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Iannetta out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 12 - Rockies 7 .	Goldschmidt stays hot , Shaw melts down , D'Backs top Rockies