Mets - Top 1st . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Nimmo struck out swinging . Cabrera hit ground rule double to left . Conforto singled to deep right , Cabrera scored . Frazier flied out to center . Smith singled to right center , Conforto to third . Flores walked , Smith to second . Mesoraco doubled to left , Conforto and Smith scored , Flores to third . Reyes intentionally walked . Lugo struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Lugo pitching for Mets . LeMahieu flied out to right . Blackmon struck out swinging . Arenado homered to left ( 434 feet ) . González lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 2nd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Nimmo singled to right . Cabrera grounded out to first , Nimmo to second . Conforto struck out swinging . Frazier singled to center , Nimmo scored . Smith grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Lugo pitching for Mets . Story safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Frazier . Parra singled to right center , Story scored . Desmond walked , Parra to second . Murphy struck out swinging . Parra to third , Desmond to second on passed ball by Mesoraco . Bettis grounded out to second , Parra scored , Desmond to third . LeMahieu singled to deep center , Desmond scored . Blackmon struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Mets - Top 3rd . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Flores lined out to second . Mesoraco struck out swinging . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Lugo pitching for Mets . Arenado singled to right center . González walked , Arenado to second . Story lined out to second . Parra singled to center , Arenado scored , González to second . Desmond struck out swinging . Murphy singled to left , González scored , Parra to second . Bettis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 4th . Guillorme hit for Lugo . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Guillorme walked . Nimmo grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Guillorme out at second . Cabrera walked . Conforto grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Sewald pitching for Mets . LeMahieu singled to center . Blackmon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , LeMahieu out at second . Arenado walked . González popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 5th . Bettis pitching for Rockies . Frazier flied out to center . Smith tripled to deep right . Flores hit sacrifice fly to center , Smith scored . Mesoraco singled to right . Reyes doubled to right , Mesoraco to third . Bautista hit for Sewald . Bautista walked . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Nimmo walked , Mesoraco scored , Reyes to third , Bautista to second . Cabrera singled to left , Reyes and Bautista scored , Nimmo to second . Conforto walked , Nimmo to third , Cabrera to second . Shaw pitching for Rockies . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Gsellman pitching for Mets . Story flied out to center . Parra flied out to left . Desmond walked . Murphy singled to right , Desmond to second . McMahon hit for Shaw . McMahon homered to right ( 413 feet ) , Desmond and Murphy scored . LeMahieu flied out to right . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 6th . Musgrave pitching for Rockies . Smith doubled to left . Flores grounded out to shortstop . Mesoraco walked . Reyes walked , Smith to third , Mesoraco to second . Plawecki hit for Gsellman . Plawecki grounded into double play , third to first , Mesoraco out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Swarzak pitching for Mets . Blackmon homered to right ( 411 feet ) . Arenado grounded out to second . González singled to right center . Story struck out looking . Parra grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 7th . McGee pitching for Rockies . Nimmo grounded out to second . Cabrera grounded out to pitcher . Conforto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Swarzak pitching for Mets . Desmond walked . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Desmond out at second . Iannetta hit for McGee . Iannetta struck out swinging . Murphy caught stealing second , catcher to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mets - Top 8th . Ottavino pitching for Rockies . Frazier flied out to right . Smith struck out swinging . Flores singled to center . Mesoraco popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Familia pitching for Mets . LeMahieu singled to right . Blackmon flied out to right . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , LeMahieu safe at third on error by shortstop Reyes . González struck out swinging . Story struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Mets - Top 9th . Davis pitching for Rockies . Reyes grounded out to second . Rosario hit for Familia . Rosario singled to center . Nimmo flied out to left . Rosario to second on fielder 's indifference . Rosario to third on fielder 's indifference . Cabrera grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Mets 8 - Rockies 10 .	Homers by Arenado , Blackmon , McMahon rally Rockies past Mets