Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pollock tripled to deep right . Escobar singled to center , Pollock scored . Peralta grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Escobar out at second . Goldschmidt singled to deep center . Descalso lined out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to center . Blackmon to second on balk by Godley . LeMahieu reached on infield single to pitcher , Blackmon to third . LeMahieu caught stealing second , catcher to second to first to shortstop to first . Arenado struck out swinging . Dahl grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Souza Jr. grounded out to second . Ahmed struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Story struck out swinging . Parra lined out to center . Desmond struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Godley grounded out to pitcher . Pollock grounded out to shortstop . Escobar singled to left . Peralta struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Wolters flied out to center . Márquez grounded out to third . Blackmon doubled to right . LeMahieu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Goldschmidt lined out to right . Descalso struck out swinging . Souza Jr. struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado popped out to first . Dahl singled to right center , Dahl to second on error by right fielder Souza Jr .. Story struck out looking . Parra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Ahmed struck out swinging . Avila struck out swinging . Godley struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Godley pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond doubled to deep center . Wolters singled to center , Desmond scored . Márquez reached on bunt single to third , Wolters to second . Blackmon walked , Wolters to third , Márquez to second . LeMahieu walked , Wolters scored , Márquez to third , Blackmon to second . Bracho pitching for Diamondbacks . Arenado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Márquez scored , LeMahieu out at second , Blackmon to third . Dahl lined out to second . Story homered to center ( 423 feet ) , Blackmon and Arenado scored . Parra grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Pollock struck out swinging . Escobar singled to shallow left . Peralta singled to left center , Escobar to second , Escobar to third on throwing error by left fielder Parra . Goldschmidt grounded out to third , Escobar scored , Peralta to second . Descalso walked . Souza Jr. struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Jay in right field . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Desmond walked . Desmond caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Wolters singled to left center . Márquez bunted into double play , first to second , Wolters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Marquez pitching for Rockies . Ahmed grounded out to third . Avila struck out looking . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Andriese pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon singled to left . LeMahieu doubled to right , Blackmon to third . Arenado intentionally walked . Dahl homered to right ( 415 feet ) , Blackmon , LeMahieu and Arenado scored . Story flied out to right . Parra singled to left . Desmond singled to center , Parra to second . Wolters singled to center , Parra scored , Desmond to second . McMahon hit for Márquez . McMahon reached on infield single to third , Desmond to third , Wolters to second . Stewart catching . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Blackmon hit sacrifice fly to center , Desmond scored , Wolters to third . LeMahieu singled to center , Wolters scored , McMahon to second . Arenado struck out swinging . 7 Runs , 8 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Tapia in center field . McMahon at third base . Rusin pitching for Rockies . Brito hit for Pollock . Brito singled to left , Brito out stretching at second . Owings hit for Escobar . Owings grounded out to shortstop . Vargas hit for Peralta . Vargas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Brito in right field . Owings at third base . Vargas at second base . Walker at first base . Kivlehan in left field . Jay in center field . Sherfy pitching for Diamondbacks . Dahl grounded out to pitcher . Hampson hit for Story . Hampson struck out swinging . López pitching for Diamondbacks . Parra grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Valaika at shortstop . Hampson at second base . Butera at first base . Howard pitching for Rockies . Walker grounded out to third . Kivlehan singled to center . Stewart flied out to left . Ahmed flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 13 .	Offense erupts , Marquez dazzles as Rockies beat D - backs 13 - 2