Phillies - Top 1st. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Hernández walked. Herrera popped out to third. Santana reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernández to second. Altherr struck out swinging. Williams flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 1st. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Pederson singled to right center. Muncy struck out swinging. Grandal struck out swinging. Kemp doubled to left, Pederson scored. Bellinger struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 2nd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Kingery walked. Walding struck out looking. Alfaro struck out swinging. Eflin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 2nd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Taylor fouled out to first. Valera grounded out to second. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 3rd. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Hernández grounded out to second. Herrera popped out to third. Santana grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 3rd. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Stripling grounded out to second. Pederson grounded out to pitcher. Muncy homered to center (414 feet). Grandal walked. Kemp homered to left (400 feet), Grandal scored. Bellinger singled to right. Bellinger stole second. Taylor struck out looking. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 4th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Altherr flied out to center. Williams struck out swinging. Kingery struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 4th. Eflin pitching for Phillies. Valera singled to left. Forsythe reached on infield single to shortstop, Valera to second. Stripling sacrificed to catcher, Valera to third, Forsythe to second, Stripling safe at first on error by catcher Alfaro. Valera to third on error by catcher Alfaro. Pederson hit sacrifice fly to right, Valera scored, Forsythe to third. Muncy lined out to second. Grandal struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Phillies - Top 5th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Walding struck out swinging. Alfaro grounded out to shortstop. Valentín hit for Eflin. Valentín singled to left center. Hernández grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 5th. Arano pitching for Phillies. Kemp grounded out to third. Bellinger singled to right center. Taylor doubled to left, Bellinger scored. Valera flied out to right, Taylor to third. Forsythe intentionally walked. Stripling singled to right center, Taylor scored, Forsythe to second. Pederson grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 6th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Herrera fouled out to first. Santana struck out swinging. Altherr grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 6th. Arano pitching for Phillies. Muncy struck out looking. Grandal singled to deep left. Kemp grounded into fielder's choice to third, Grandal out at second. Bellinger struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 7th. Stripling pitching for Dodgers. Williams homered to center (404 feet). Kingery lined out to shortstop. Walding struck out swinging. Alfaro doubled to right. Franco hit for Arano. Franco grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 7th. Hutchison pitching for Phillies. Taylor struck out swinging. Valera grounded out to first. Forsythe grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 8th. García pitching for Dodgers. Hernández struck out swinging. Herrera struck out swinging. Santana singled to left. Altherr singled to left center, Santana to second. Williams popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Dodgers - Bottom 8th. Hernández hit for García. Hutchison pitching for Phillies. Hernández reached on infield single to second. Hernández to second on wild pitch by Hutchison. Pederson reached on infield single to shortstop, Hernández to third. Muncy struck out swinging. Grandal walked, Pederson to second. Kemp hit sacrifice fly to center, Hernández scored, Pederson to third. Bellinger walked, Grandal to second. Taylor struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Phillies - Top 9th. Hernández in right field. Venditte pitching for Dodgers. Kingery grounded out to shortstop. Walding struck out looking. Alfaro hit by pitch. Knapp hit for Hutchison. Knapp singled to center, Alfaro to third. Knapp to second on fielder's indifference. Hernández reached on infield single to shortstop, Alfaro scored, Knapp to third. Hernández to second on fielder's indifference. Herrera struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Phillies 2 - Dodgers 8.	Stripling, Kemp lead Dodgers to 8-2 win over Phillies