Reds - Top 1st . Snell pitching for Pirates . Patterson doubled to deep right . Keppinger singled to center , Patterson to third . Griffey Jr lined out to shortstop . Phillips flied out to right , Patterson thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . McLouth grounded out to first . Sanchez popped out to first . Bay walked . LaRoche grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Dunn flied out to center . Encarnacion grounded out to shortstop . Votto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Nady singled to left . Mientkiewicz safe at second on error by first baseman Votto , Nady to third . Paulino singled to right , Nady and Mientkiewicz scored . Bixler grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Paulino out at second . Snell sacrificed to catcher , Bixler to second . McLouth flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Snell pitching for Pirates . Valentin walked . Arroyo sacrificed to pitcher , Valentin to second . Patterson walked . Keppinger grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Patterson out at second , Valentin to third . Griffey Jr flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Sanchez grounded out to pitcher . Bay lined out to third . LaRoche flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Phillips grounded out to third . Dunn struck out looking . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Nady fouled out to third . Mientkiewicz doubled to deep right . Mientkiewicz to third on wild pitch by Arroyo . Paulino walked . Bixler struck out swinging . Snell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Votto singled to right center . Valentin flied out to left . Arroyo reached on infield single to shortstop , Votto to second , Votto to third on throwing error by shortstop Bixler . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Votto scored , Arroyo out at second . Patterson stole second . Keppinger singled to center , Patterson scored . Griffey Jr flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Reds . McLouth singled to center . Sanchez singled to center , McLouth to second . Bay popped out to second . LaRoche struck out looking . Nady singled to right , McLouth scored , Sanchez to third . Mientkiewicz grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Nady out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Phillips doubled to deep left . Dunn lined out to second . Encarnacion reached on infield single to shortstop , Phillips to third . Votto singled to left center , Phillips scored , Encarnacion to second . Valentin grounded out to second , Encarnacion to third , Votto to second . Hatteberg hit for Arroyo . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Paulino lined out to right . Bixler reached on infield single to second . Snell sacrificed to catcher , Bixler to second . McLouth singled to center , Bixler scored . Sanchez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McLouth out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Snell pitching for Pirates . Patterson bunt grounded out to pitcher . Keppinger singled to center . Marte pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr singled to right , Keppinger to second . Phillips singled to right , Keppinger to third , Griffey Jr to second . Dunn struck out swinging . Yates pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion flied out to left . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Bay safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . LaRoche flied out to left . Nady grounded out to third . Mientkiewicz lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Grabow pitching for Pirates . Gomez at third base . Votto singled to center . Valentin flied out to left . Hopper hit for Lincoln . Hopper reached on bunt single to pitcher , Votto to second . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Hopper out at second , Votto to third . Keppinger flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Coffey pitching for Reds . Paulino safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Encarnacion . Bixler sacrificed to pitcher , Paulino to second . Gomez grounded out to pitcher , Paulino to third . Affeldt pitching for Reds . McLouth grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Capps pitching for Pirates . Griffey Jr singled to right . Freel ran for Griffey Jr. Phillips grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Freel out at second . Dunn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 3 - Pirates 4 .	MLB hits leader McLouth comes through for Pirates