Reds - Top 1st . Glavine pitching for Braves . Freel singled to center . Freel caught stealing second , pitcher to first to third to first to shortstop . Griffey Jr popped out to second . Phillips flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Reds . Johnson singled to left . Kotsay sacrificed to pitcher , Johnson to second . Jones popped out to third . Teixeira grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Glavine pitching for Braves . Votto walked . Votto caught stealing second , catcher to second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Dunn grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Reds . McCann walked . Francoeur singled to center , McCann to second . Blanco doubled to center , McCann scored , Francoeur to third . Prado hit sacrifice fly to center , Francoeur scored , Blanco to third . Glavine singled to left , Blanco scored . Johnson doubled to deep right , Glavine to third . Kotsay singled to left , Glavine scored , Johnson to third . Jones homered to right , Johnson and Kotsay scored . Fogg pitching for Reds . Teixeira fouled out to third . McCann safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Votto . Francoeur flied out to center . 7 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Glavine pitching for Braves . Keppinger grounded out to third . Bako homered to right center . Fogg struck out looking . Freel grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Reds . Blanco reached on bunt single to pitcher . Prado walked , Blanco to second . Glavine sacrificed to third , Blanco to third , Prado to second . Johnson struck out looking . Kotsay reached on infield single to shortstop , Blanco scored , Prado to third . Jones flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Glavine pitching for Braves . Griffey Jr struck out swinging . Phillips doubled to deep left . Votto singled to center , Phillips scored . Encarnacion walked , Votto to second . Dunn doubled to deep center , Votto and Encarnacion scored . Keppinger singled to left , Dunn scored . Bako grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Keppinger out at second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Teixeira struck out swinging . McCann doubled to deep left . Francoeur struck out looking . Blanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Glavine pitching for Braves . Fogg singled to right . Freel walked , Fogg to second . Griffey Jr grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Freel out at second , Fogg to third , Fogg scored , Griffey Jr to second on throwing error by shortstop Prado . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . Votto walked . Encarnacion walked , Griffey Jr to third , Votto to second . Ring pitching for Braves . Dunn flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Braves - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Prado reached on infield single to first . Pena hit for Ring . Pena singled to right , Prado to third . Johnson doubled to deep right center , Prado scored , Pena to third . Kotsay walked . Bray pitching for Reds . Jones singled to left , Pena and Johnson scored , Kotsay to second . Teixeira walked , Kotsay to third , Jones to second . McCann singled to deep right , Kotsay scored , Jones to third , Teixeira to second . Francoeur struck out swinging . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Jones out at home , Teixeira to third , McCann to second . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McCann out at third , Blanco to second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Campillo pitching for Braves . Keppinger flied out to center . Bako singled to center . Patterson hit for Bray . Patterson fouled out to catcher . Bako to second on wild pitch by Campillo . Freel doubled to deep left center , Bako scored . Griffey Jr flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Diaz hit for Campillo . Diaz reached on infield single to third . Johnson doubled to deep center , Diaz scored . Kotsay flied out to center , Johnson to third . Jones grounded out to third . Teixeira walked . Teixeira to second on fielder 's indifference . McCann flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Ohman pitching for Braves . Escobar at shortstop . Phillips singled to center . Votto popped out to second . Encarnacion flied out to left . Dunn singled to right , Phillips to second . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Mercker pitching for Reds . Francoeur walked . Blanco flied out to left . Escobar walked , Francoeur to second . Burton pitching for Reds . Hairston at shortstop . Reyes hit for Ohman . Reyes struck out looking . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 8th . Boyer pitching for Braves . Valentin hit for Bako . Valentin flied out to center . Hairston flied out to right . Freel grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Valentin catching . Burton pitching for Reds . Kotsay homered to right . Jones doubled to left . Teixeira hit by pitch . McCann walked , Jones to third , Teixeira to second . Francoeur flied out to left . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jones out at home , Teixeira to third , McCann to second . Escobar struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 9th . Acosta pitching for Braves . Griffey Jr popped out to shortstop . Phillips flied out to center . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 7 - Braves 14 .	Braves badger Reds pitching in big Atlanta win