Reds - Top 1st . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Keppinger popped out to first . Votto grounded out to first . Bruce singled to center . Phillips doubled to deep center , Bruce to third . Dunn grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Fogg pitching for Reds . Bonifacio doubled to shallow left . Harris sacrificed to pitcher , Bonifacio to third . Milledge hit by pitch . Kearns singled to center , Bonifacio scored , Milledge to third . Flores singled to left , Milledge scored , Kearns to second . Casto walked , Kearns to third , Flores to second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Casto out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 2nd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion walked . Patterson struck out swinging . Bako singled to right , Encarnacion to third . Fogg sacrificed to pitcher , Bako to second . Keppinger walked . Votto doubled to deep center , Encarnacion , Bako and Keppinger scored . Bruce homered to right , Votto scored . Phillips flied out to center . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Fogg pitching for Reds . Langerhans grounded out to second . Bergmann flied out to center . Bonifacio safe at first on error by shortstop Keppinger . Harris singled to right , Bonifacio to third . Milledge grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Reds - Top 3rd . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Dunn flied out to center . Encarnacion popped out to shortstop . Patterson flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Fogg pitching for Reds . Kearns struck out looking . Flores walked . Casto walked , Flores to second . Gonzalez singled to center , Flores thrown out at home , Casto to third . Langerhans struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 4th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Bako grounded out to first . Fogg walked . Keppinger flied out to right . Votto flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Bergmann struck out looking . Bonifacio grounded out to first . Harris flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 5th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Bruce grounded out to first . Phillips grounded out to shortstop . Dunn struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Milledge flied out to center . Kearns struck out looking . Flores struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 6th . Bergmann pitching for Nationals . Encarnacion popped out to first . Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Patterson to third on throwing error by pitcher Bergmann . Bako sacrificed to catcher , Patterson scored . Fogg flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Fogg pitching for Reds . Casto grounded out to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep left . Bray pitching for Reds . Dukes hit for Langerhans . Dukes grounded out to shortstop . Belliard hit for Bergmann . Belliard homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Bonifacio tripled to deep right . Harris struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Top 7th . Dukes in left field . Manning pitching for Nationals . Keppinger grounded out to second . Votto flied out to left . Bruce flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Milledge walked . Kearns singled to left , Milledge to second . Flores struck out swinging . Casto singled to left , Milledge scored , Kearns to second . Gonzalez singled to left , Kearns to third , Casto to second . Majewski pitching for Reds . Dukes safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips , Kearns scored , Casto to third , Gonzalez to second . Orr hit for Manning . Orr singled to left , Casto and Gonzalez scored , Dukes to second . Bonifacio grounded out to first , Dukes to third , Orr to second . Harris grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 8th . Ayala pitching for Nationals . Phillips grounded out to second . Dunn flied out to left . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Majewski pitching for Reds . Milledge homered to left . Kearns singled to deep right , Kearns to third on error by right fielder Bruce . Kearns scored on Majewski 's wild pitch . Flores flied out to center . Casto walked . Gonzalez struck out looking . Dukes grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Reds - Top 9th . Harris in left field . Gonzalez at third base . Rivera pitching for Nationals . Guzman at shortstop . Patterson singled to right . Bako struck out swinging . Valentin hit for Majewski . Valentin grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Patterson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Reds 6 - Nationals 10 .	Nats rally past Reds with four - run seventh inning