Pirates - Top 1st . Fogg pitching for Reds . McLouth hit by pitch . Gomez singled to right , McLouth to second . Mientkiewicz walked , McLouth to third , Gomez to second . Michaels flied out to center . An LaRoche grounded out to third , McLouth scored , Gomez to third , Mientkiewicz to second . Pearce singled to center , Gomez and Mientkiewicz scored . Cruz fouled out to catcher . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Dickerson doubled to right . Keppinger popped out to second . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . Votto struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Fogg pitching for Reds . Chavez singled to center . Gorzelanny sacrificed to first , Chavez to second . McLouth flied out to right . Gomez homered to left , Chavez scored . Mientkiewicz flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion struck out looking . Bruce homered to right . Hanigan flied out to right . Castillo flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Fogg pitching for Reds . Michaels struck out swinging . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Pearce grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Fogg doubled to deep right . Fogg to third on wild pitch by Gorzelanny . Dickerson walked . Keppinger hit sacrifice fly to center , Fogg scored . Phillips singled to shallow right , Dickerson to second . Votto struck out swinging . Encarnacion walked , Dickerson to third , Phillips to second . Bruce struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Cruz popped out to second . Chavez lined out to right . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Pirates . Hanigan flied out to center . Castillo hit ground rule double to deep left . Ramirez singled to right , Castillo to third . Dickerson struck out swinging . Keppinger doubled to deep left , Castillo scored , Ramirez to third . Davis pitching for Pirates . Phillips flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . McLouth struck out swinging . Gomez lined out to right . Mientkiewicz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Davis pitching for Pirates . Votto homered to left . Encarnacion hit by pitch . Bruce grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . Hanigan walked . Hanigan to second on wild pitch by Davis . Castillo lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Reds . Michaels grounded out to third . An LaRoche grounded out to shortstop . Pearce grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Chavez pitching for Pirates . Moss in right field . Phillips hit for Ramirez . Phillips singled to center . Dickerson singled to center , Phillips to second . Keppinger sacrificed to third , Phillips to third , Dickerson to second . Phillips grounded out to second , Phillips scored , Dickerson to third . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Votto grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Masset pitching for Reds . Cruz flied out to left . Chavez grounded out to first . Moss struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Pirates . Encarnacion struck out swinging . Bruce grounded out to first . Hanigan flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Masset pitching for Reds . McLouth homered to right . Gomez struck out swinging . Mientkiewicz walked . Michaels grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Mientkiewicz out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . Hansen pitching for Pirates . Castillo walked . Patterson hit for Masset . Patterson reached on bunt single to pitcher , Castillo to second . Dickerson sacrificed to catcher , Castillo to third , Patterson to second . Castillo scored , Patterson to third on wild pitch by Hansen . Keppinger walked . Beam pitching for Pirates . Phillips hit by pitch , Keppinger to second . Votto singled to right , Patterson scored , Keppinger to third , Phillips to second . Encarnacion hit sacrifice fly to center , Keppinger scored , Phillips to third . Bruce popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Dickerson in left field . Cordero pitching for Reds . Patterson in center field . Morgan hit for An LaRoche . Morgan struck out swinging . Ad LaRoche hit for Beam . Ad LaRoche grounded out to first . Sanchez hit for Cruz . Sanchez walked . Doumit hit for Chavez . Doumit reached on infield single to second , Sanchez to second , Sanchez to third on throwing error by second baseman Phillips . Bixler ran for Doumit . Moss grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 6 - Reds 8 .	Pirates ' bid for sweep wrecked by Reds ' late rally