Cardinals - Top 1st . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Schumaker grounded out to second . Ludwick struck out looking . Pujols doubled to deep center . Holliday popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Torres doubled to deep right . DeRosa reached on infield single to shortstop , Torres scored , DeRosa to second on throwing error by shortstop Ryan . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher , DeRosa to third . Huff grounded out to first . Molina walked . Uribe grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Rasmus walked . Molina singled to right , Rasmus to second . Freese grounded out to pitcher , Rasmus to third , Molina to second . Ryan struck out swinging . Garcia struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Downs singled to left . Schierholtz hit by pitch , Downs to second . Lincecum bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Downs out at third , Schierholtz to second . Torres grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lincecum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Schumaker singled to right . Ludwick walked , Schumaker to second . Pujols popped out to second . Holliday grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ludwick out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . DeRosa singled to right . Sandoval singled to center , DeRosa to second . Huff grounded into fielder 's choice to right , DeRosa scored on error by second baseman Schumaker , Sandoval safe at third on error by second baseman Schumaker . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sandoval out at home , Huff to second . Uribe flied out to left , Huff to third . Downs walked , Molina to second . Schierholtz reached on infield single to first , Huff scored , Molina to third , Downs to second . Lincecum struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 4th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Freese grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Torres lined out to right . DeRosa flied out to right . Sandoval grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Ryan lined out to center . Garcia reached on infield single to third . Schumaker struck out looking . Ludwick struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Huff walked . Molina singled to left , Huff to second . Uribe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Molina out at second , Huff to third . Huff scored on Garcia 's wild pitch . Downs struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday reached on infield single to second . Holliday stole second . Rasmus flied out to left . Molina singled to left , Holliday scored . Molina stole second . Freese grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Schierholtz grounded out to first . Lincecum grounded out to first . Torres grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Lincecum pitching for Giants . Ryan walked . Craig grounded out to first , Ryan to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . Ludwick flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 7th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . DeRosa grounded out to second . Sandoval flied out to center . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Romo pitching for Giants . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday grounded out to first . Rasmus doubled to right . Molina flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Bottom 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Uribe struck out swinging . Downs grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Wilson pitching for Giants . Freese struck out swinging . Lopez struck out looking . Stavinoha reached on infield single to shortstop . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 1 - Giants 4 .	Lincecum ( 4 - 0 ) silences Cards