Braves - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Escobar grounded out to shortstop . Prado flied out to center . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Schumaker singled to left center . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schumaker safe at second on error by shortstop Escobar . Pujols singled to center , Schumaker scored , Ludwick to second , Ludwick to third on error by center fielder McLouth . Holliday fouled out to first . Rasmus struck out swinging , Ludwick scored , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Kawakami . Molina flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Glaus struck out swinging . Diaz struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Ross grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Freese struck out looking . Garcia grounded out to second . Ryan struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . McLouth grounded out to first . Kawakami grounded out to pitcher . Escobar grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Schumaker walked . Ludwick doubled to shallow left , Schumaker to third . Pujols intentionally walked . Schumaker scored , Ludwick to third , Pujols to second on wild pitch by Kawakami . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus intentionally walked . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rasmus out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Prado grounded out to first . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Glaus singled to left center . Diaz reached on infield single to pitcher , Glaus to second . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Freese singled to left center . Garcia sacrificed to pitcher , Freese to second . Ryan struck out looking . Schumaker flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Ross struck out swinging . McLouth singled to left . Kawakami sacrificed to catcher , McLouth to second . Escobar walked . Prado grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Escobar out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Kawakami pitching for Braves . Ludwick grounded out to second . Pujols doubled to left . Holliday intentionally walked . Venters pitching for Braves . Rasmus doubled to right , Pujols scored , Holliday to third . Molina intentionally walked . Freese singled to right , Holliday and Rasmus scored , Molina to third . Garcia grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Freese out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Glaus flied out to right . Diaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Venters pitching for Braves . Ryan walked . Schumaker walked , Ryan to second . Ludwick walked , Ryan to third , Schumaker to second . Pujols lined into double play , second to first , Ludwick doubled off first . Holliday struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to center . Ross struck out looking . McLouth grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . O'Flaherty pitching for Braves . Rasmus singled to center . Molina grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rasmus out at second . Freese walked . Stavinoha fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Hinske grounded out to shortstop . Escobar doubled to left . Prado singled to center , Escobar to third . Jones flied out to left . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Chavez pitching for Braves . Ryan flied out to right . Schumaker singled to center . Ludwick flied out to center . Pujols flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Diaz struck out swinging . Cabrera singled to center . Ross grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 0 - Cardinals 6 .	Garcia , Cardinals hand Braves 8th loss in a row