Cardinals - Top 1st . Harang pitching for Reds . Rasmus walked . Ludwick singled to left , Rasmus to second . Pujols flied out to right . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ludwick out at second , Rasmus to third . Freese flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera singled to right . Phillips struck out swinging . Votto safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker , Cabrera to second . Rolen popped out to first . Gomes reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to third , Votto to second . Bruce struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Harang pitching for Reds . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker hit ground rule double to deep center . Garcia grounded out to shortstop , Schumaker to third . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Stubbs struck out swinging . Hanigan flied out to right . Harang lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Harang pitching for Reds . Rasmus flied out to left . Ludwick singled to center . Pujols homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Ludwick scored . Holliday reached on infield single to third . Freese singled to right , Holliday to third . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Freese out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera grounded out to second . Phillips grounded out to second . Votto lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Harang pitching for Reds . Schumaker flied out to right . Garcia struck out looking . Ryan lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Rolen flied out to right . Gomes flied out to center . Bruce walked . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Bruce out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Harang pitching for Reds . Rasmus doubled to right . Ludwick homered to right ( 371 feet ) , Rasmus scored . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . Freese walked . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Freese out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan reached on infield single to shortstop . Harang struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Hanigan out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Harang pitching for Reds . Schumaker grounded out to shortstop . Garcia grounded out to shortstop . Ryan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Phillips flied out to right . Votto struck out swinging . Rolen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Lincoln pitching for Reds . Rasmus grounded out to third . Ludwick flied out to center . Pujols struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Gomes doubled to deep center . Bruce lined out to shortstop . Stubbs homered to left center ( 424 feet ) , Gomes scored . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Hanigan popped out to first . Cairo hit for Lincoln . Cairo struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Masset pitching for Reds . Holliday popped out to first . Freese struck out swinging . Molina walked . Molina caught stealing second , pitcher to second . Schumaker batting . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 8th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Cabrera flied out to left . Phillips hit by pitch . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Votto flied out to left . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Rolen flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Rhodes pitching for Reds . Schumaker singled to left . Boggs bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Schumaker out at second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Boggs out at second . Mather hit for Rasmus . Mather popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Reds - Bottom 9th . Mather in center field . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Gomes reached on infield single to shortstop . Gomes to second on fielder 's indifference . Bruce singled to center , Gomes to third . Stubbs grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gomes scored , Bruce out at second . Hanigan singled to center , Stubbs to second . Heisey ran for Hanigan . Hernandez hit for Rhodes . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Heisey out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 4 - Reds 3 .	Pujols , Ludwick power Garcia , Cards past Reds