Nationals - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morgan lined out to right . Guzman singled to left . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guzman out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick lined out to third . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Willingham struck out swinging . Kennedy doubled to left center . Desmond grounded out to shortstop . Bernadina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Pujols singled to center . Freese lined out to left . Pujols caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Rasmus singled to right . Molina grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Nieves struck out swinging . Lannan flied out to left . Morgan bunt grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Schumaker singled to center . Carpenter sacrificed to pitcher , Schumaker to second . Lopez homered to center ( 406 feet ) , Schumaker scored . Ludwick lined out to right . Holliday walked . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Holliday out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Guzman singled to right . Guzman to second on wild pitch by Carpenter . Zimmerman singled to deep center , Guzman to third . Willingham grounded into double play , third to second to first , Zimmerman out at second . Kennedy grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Freese singled to center . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to third , Freese to second . Schumaker struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Desmond grounded out to third . Bernadina struck out looking . Nieves homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Lannan struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Carpenter grounded out to second . Lopez grounded out to pitcher . Ludwick flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Morgan grounded out to second . Guzman singled to right . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Guzman out at second . Willingham singled to center , Zimmerman to second . Kennedy grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Lannan pitching for Nationals . Holliday flied out to right . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Freese grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Desmond reached on infield single to shortstop . Bernadina hit by pitch , Desmond to second . Nieves sacrificed to pitcher , Desmond to third , Bernadina to second . Harris hit for Lannan . Harris struck out swinging . Morgan lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Burnett pitching for Nationals . Rasmus flied out to right . Molina flied out to right . Schumaker grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Carpenter pitching for Cardinals . Guzman flied out to center . Zimmerman safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker . Willingham hit by pitch , Zimmerman to second . Kennedy flied out to left . Desmond singled to center , Zimmerman scored , Willingham to third . Bernadina grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Stavinoha hit for Carpenter . Clippard pitching for Nationals . Stavinoha walked . Ryan ran for Stavinoha . Lopez flied out to center . Ryan picked off first . Ludwick homered to left ( 424 feet ) . Holliday walked . Pujols walked , Holliday to second . Freese flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Ryan at shortstop . Nieves grounded out to third . Rodriguez hit for Clippard . Rodriguez safe at first on error by second baseman Schumaker . Stammen ran for Rodriguez . Morgan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Stammen out at second . Guzman lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 2 - Cardinals 3 .	Carpenter , Cardinals eke by slumping Nats