Mariners - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki homered to right ( 429 feet ) . Figgins reached on infield single to second . Gutierrez grounded out to third , Figgins to third . Lopez grounded out to second , Figgins scored . Bradley doubled to right . Jo Wilson grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . French pitching for Mariners . Lopez flied out to center . Holliday walked . Pujols singled to left , Holliday to second . Ludwick homered to left ( 405 feet ) , Holliday and Pujols scored . Freese flied out to center . Rasmus lined out to left . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Carp flied out to left . Johnson struck out swinging . French struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . French pitching for Mariners . Molina flied out to left . Wainwright doubled to deep center . Ryan flied out to center . Lopez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki grounded out to second . Figgins reached on infield single to shortstop . Gutierrez popped out to second . Lopez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Figgins out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . French pitching for Mariners . Holliday singled to center . Pujols singled to deep center , Pujols tagged out at second , Holliday to third . Ludwick hit sacrifice fly to center , Holliday scored . Freese reached on infield single to third . Rasmus grounded out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Bradley flied out to center . Jo Wilson flied out to center . Carp grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . French pitching for Mariners . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Wainwright walked . Ryan flied out to left . Lopez safe at first on error by shortstop Jo Wilson , Wainwright to second . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Langerhans hit for French . Langerhans struck out swinging . Suzuki struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Snell pitching for Mariners . Pujols walked . Ludwick doubled to deep left , Pujols to third . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols and Ludwick scored on throwing error by third baseman Lopez , Freese to second advancing on play . Rasmus homered to center ( 419 feet ) , Freese scored . Molina grounded out to third . Wainwright flied out to left . Ryan singled to right . Lopez grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Mariners - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Figgins walked . Gutierrez safe at first on error by third baseman Freese , Figgins to second . Lopez grounded into double play , third to first , Figgins out at third , Gutierrez to second . Bradley struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Snell pitching for Mariners . Holliday struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Ludwick struck out swinging . Freese struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Jo Wilson grounded out to shortstop . Carp lined out to center . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Cordero pitching for Mariners . Rasmus walked . Molina lined out to right . Wainwright grounded into double play , second to first , Rasmus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Saunders hit for Cordero . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Saunders singled to right . Suzuki hit ground rule double to left , Saunders to third . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Figgins grounded out to shortstop , Saunders scored , Suzuki to third . Gutierrez flied out to right . Lopez popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . White pitching for Mariners . Ryan singled to right . Lopez lined out to shortstop . Holliday singled to left center , Ryan to second . Pujols singled to left , Ryan scored , Holliday to second . Ludwick flied out to center . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols out at second , Holliday to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Bradley flied out to left . Jo Wilson grounded out to third . Carp walked . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 3 - Cardinals 9 .	Pujols plays after hit to head as Cards roll