Athletics - Top 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Davis doubled to deep left . Barton grounded out to shortstop . Jackson hit by pitch . Davis stole third , Jackson stole second , Davis scored on throwing error by catcher Molina . Suzuki grounded out to third . Sweeney flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Schumaker singled to center . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Schumaker out at second . Pujols grounded into double play , third to second to first , Holliday out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff flied out to right . Ellis flied out to center . Pennington struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Ludwick flied out to center . Rasmus struck out swinging . Freese flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Sheets singled to center . Davis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sheets out at second . Barton walked . Jackson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Molina grounded out to pitcher . Wainwright singled to left . Ryan flied out to right . Schumaker flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Suzuki struck out swinging . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Holliday struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pujols safe at second on error by shortstop Pennington . Rasmus flied out to center . Freese grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pujols out at third , Ludwick to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Ellis singled to center . Pennington flied out to left . Sheets sacrificed to pitcher , Ellis to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Molina walked . Wainwright sacrificed to first , Molina to second . Ryan lined out to left . Schumaker singled to center , Molina scored . Holliday doubled to deep center , Schumaker scored . Pujols intentionally walked . Ludwick walked , Holliday to third , Pujols to second . Rasmus flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Barton grounded out to second . Jackson grounded out to second . Suzuki singled to center . Sweeney grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Freese grounded out to third . Molina grounded out to first . Wainwright grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff grounded out to first . Ellis grounded out to catcher . Pennington flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Sheets pitching for Athletics . Ryan doubled to left . Schumaker sacrificed to third , Ryan to third . Holliday homered to left ( 385 feet ) , Ryan scored . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . Ludwick flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Cust hit for Sheets . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Cust doubled to deep right . Davis flied out to center . Barton lined into double play , second to shortstop , Cust doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ross pitching for Athletics . Rasmus struck out looking . Freese grounded out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Jackson walked . Suzuki singled to center , Jackson to second . Sweeney singled to right , Jackson scored , Suzuki to second . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Kouzmanoff struck out swinging . Ellis flied out to center . Gross hit for Pennington . Gross singled to left , Suzuki scored , Sweeney to second . Rosales hit for Ross . Rosales struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Cardinals 4 .	A 's rally falls short as Wainwright carries Cards