Cardinals - Top 1st . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Jay doubled to shallow left . Pujols walked . Holliday grounded into double play , third to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Colvin homered to center ( 407 feet ) . Castro lined out to second . Lee singled to right . Ramirez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lee out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Ludwick walked . Molina flied out to center . Ryan doubled to deep left , Ludwick to third . Hawksworth struck out swinging . Greene singled to right , Ludwick and Ryan scored , Greene to second advancing on throw . Miles grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Byrd grounded out to second . Soriano struck out swinging . Soto walked . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Jay bunt grounded out to second . Pujols flied out to right . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Gorzelanny struck out swinging . Colvin walked . Castro homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Colvin scored . Lee singled to center . Ramirez fouled out to first . Byrd doubled to deep right , Lee scored . Soriano flied out to right . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Ludwick grounded out to first . Molina flied out to left . Ryan lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Soto struck out swinging . Theriot walked . Theriot to second on balk by Hawksworth . Gorzelanny flied out to center . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Hawksworth struck out looking . Greene reached on bunt single to third . Miles singled to deep right , Greene to third . Jay hit sacrifice fly to left , Greene scored . Pujols flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Castro reached on infield single to shortstop . Lee flied out to right . Ramirez singled to center , Castro to second . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Byrd walked , Castro to third , Ramirez to second . Castro scored , Ramirez to third , Byrd to second on wild pitch by Boggs , Ramirez scored , Byrd safe at third on throwing error by catcher Molina . Soriano struck out swinging . Soto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 6th . Gorzelanny pitching for Cubs . Holliday singled to center . Ludwick grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Holliday out at second . Molina struck out swinging . Ryan singled to center , Ludwick to third . Lopez hit for Boggs . Lopez walked , Ryan to second . Greene popped out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Theriot singled to right . Nady hit for Gorzelanny . Nady struck out swinging . Theriot caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Colvin struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Miles reached on infield single to shortstop . Jay singled to center , Miles to third . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Pujols hit sacrifice fly to center , Miles scored . Jay caught stealing second , catcher to second . Holliday grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Castro doubled to deep left center . Lee flied out to right . Ramirez flied out to right . Byrd grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Ludwick singled to left . Molina singled to center , Ludwick to second . Ryan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ludwick scored on error by second baseman Theriot , Molina safe at second on error by second baseman Theriot . Winn hit for Motte . Winn flied out to center . Greene grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ryan out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Salas pitching for Cardinals . Soriano struck out swinging . Soto struck out swinging . Theriot fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Colvin in left field . Marmol pitching for Cubs . Fukudome in right field . Miles struck out looking . Jay struck out swinging . Pujols walked . Holliday lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 5 - Cubs 6 .	Colvin , Castro power Cubs past slumping Cards