Pirates - Top 1st . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen grounded out to third . Tabata singled to right . Walker singled to left , Tabata to second . Jones popped out to catcher , Walker tagged out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Lopez grounded out to second . Jay grounded out to second . Pujols grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez struck out swinging . Milledge fouled out to first . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Holliday walked . Rasmus flied out to center . Molina singled to right , Holliday to third . Schumaker walked , Molina to second . Suppan singled to right , Holliday scored , Molina to third , Schumaker to second . Ryan grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Suppan out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Kratz struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen singled to center . Tabata singled to right , McCutchen to second . Walker grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Lopez walked . Jay flied out to left . Lopez picked off first . Pujols singled to center . Holliday flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Jones struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . Milledge struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Rasmus walked . Rasmus stole second . Molina struck out swinging . Schumaker walked . Suppan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rasmus scored on throwing error by first baseman Jones , Schumaker safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Jones . Ryan flied out to center . Lopez flied out to left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 5th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . Kratz grounded out to second . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Jay bunt grounded out to pitcher . Pujols homered to right center ( 406 feet ) . Holliday flied out to center . Rasmus grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Suppan pitching for Cardinals . McCutchen doubled to left . Tabata grounded out to shortstop , McCutchen to third . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Walker popped out to second . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Walker popped out to second . Jones grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . McCutchen pitching for Pirates . Molina hit ground rule double to right . Schumaker grounded out to second , Molina to third . Winn hit for Reyes . Winn walked . Ryan hit sacrifice fly to left , Molina scored . Lopez singled to left , Winn to second . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Jay struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . McClellan pitching for Cardinals . Alvarez struck out looking . Milledge struck out swinging . Cedeno grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Jackson pitching for Pirates . Pujols singled to left . Holliday grounded out to catcher , Pujols to second . Rasmus homered to right ( 362 feet ) , Pujols scored . Molina singled to right . Schumaker flied out to right . Stavinoha hit for McClellan . Stavinoha grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Kratz struck out swinging . Clement hit for Jackson . Clement homered to right center ( 427 feet ) . McCutchen grounded out to third . Tabata reached on infield single to pitcher , Tabata to second on throwing error by pitcher Boggs . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Walker walked . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Walker walked . Jones fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Ledezma pitching for Pirates . Ryan reached on infield single to shortstop , Ryan to second on throwing error by shortstop Cedeno . Lopez singled to center , Ryan to third . Greene hit for Jay . Greene walked , Lopez to second . Pujols popped out to third . Holliday doubled to right , Ryan and Lopez scored , Greene to third . Rasmus singled to center , Greene scored , Holliday to third . Gallagher pitching for Pirates . Molina walked , Rasmus to second . Schumaker singled to center , Holliday and Rasmus scored , Molina to second . Miles hit for Miller . Miles flied out to left . Ryan singled to center , Molina to third , Schumaker to second . Lopez grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . MacDougal pitching for Cardinals . Greene at third base . LaRue catching . Molina at first base . Schumaker in right field . Miles at second base . Alvarez grounded out to second . Milledge lined out to right . Cedeno reached on infield single to third . Kratz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Cardinals 11 .	Cardinals pound Pirates to give Suppan rare win