Astros - Top 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Bourn grounded out to first . Hernandez flied out to left . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Myers pitching for Astros . Lopez singled to right . Jay grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lopez safe at second on throwing error by pitcher Myers , Lopez scored , Jay to second on throwing error by center fielder Bourn . Pujols grounded into double play , shortstop to first to third , Jay out at third . Holliday walked . Rasmus fouled out to catcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Lee singled to right . Keppinger grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Lee out at second . Wallace hit by pitch . Johnson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Myers pitching for Astros . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker lined out to shortstop . Westbrook struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Quintero grounded out to third . Myers struck out swinging . Bourn grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Myers pitching for Astros . Ryan flied out to center . Lopez flied out to left . Jay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez doubled to left . Pence reached on infield single to third , Hernandez to third . Lee struck out swinging , Pence stole second . Keppinger grounded out to pitcher , Hernandez scored , Pence to third . Wallace reached on infield single to shortstop , Pence scored . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wallace out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Myers pitching for Astros . Pujols homered to left ( 406 feet ) . Holliday walked . Rasmus singled to right , Holliday to second . Molina walked , Holliday to third , Rasmus to second . Schumaker grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday scored , Molina out at second , Rasmus to third . Westbrook grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Quintero grounded out to third . Myers grounded out to second . Bourn struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Myers pitching for Astros . Ryan flied out to center . Lopez walked . Jay struck out swinging . Pujols popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Hernandez struck out swinging . Pence grounded out to second . Lee walked . Keppinger safe at first on error by third baseman Lopez , Lee to second . Wallace struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Myers pitching for Astros . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . Jay in center field . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Winn in right field . Johnson singled to right . Quintero flied out to right . Bourgeois hit for Myers . Bourgeois grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Johnson out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Figueroa pitching for Astros . Schumaker lined out to right . Winn flied out to center . Ryan singled to center . Lopez doubled to deep right , Ryan scored . Jay grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Bourn walked . Bourn stole second . Hernandez walked . MacDougal pitching for Cardinals . Pence fouled out to catcher . Lee singled to right , Bourn scored , Hernandez to third . Keppinger doubled to deep right , Hernandez scored , Lee to third . Wallace intentionally walked . Johnson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Lee scored , Keppinger to third , Wallace to second . Quintero grounded into double play , third to first , Wallace out at third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Lyon pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to left . Holliday lined out to left . Stavinoha hit for MacDougal . Stavinoha grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Pujols out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Sanchez hit for Lyon . Sanchez singled to shallow right . Sanchez to second on wild pitch by Miller . Bourn reached on infield single to second , Sanchez to third . Michaels hit for Hernandez . Michaels flied out to center . Pence singled to left , Sanchez scored , Bourn to third . Hawksworth pitching for Cardinals . Lee walked , Pence to second . Keppinger singled to center , Bourn and Pence scored , Lee to second . Wallace flied out to left . Johnson doubled to deep left , Lee scored , Keppinger to third . Quintero grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Michaels in left field . Lindstrom pitching for Astros . Sanchez at shortstop . Molina reached on infield single to third . Schumaker grounded out to first , Molina to second . Winn grounded out to second , Molina to third . Ryan popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 9 - Cardinals 4 .	Westbrook 's debut spoiled as Astros drop Cards