Astros - Top 1st . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Bourgeois popped out to shortstop . Sanchez struck out swinging . Pence struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Astros . Miles grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Pujols struck out swinging . Holliday struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 2nd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Lee singled to center . Keppinger singled to left , Lee to second . Feliz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lee scored on throwing error by third baseman Miles , Keppinger safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Miles . Johnson hit sacrifice fly to center , Keppinger scored . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Feliz out at second . Norris singled to center , Castro to second . Bourgeois doubled to deep left , Castro scored , Norris to third . Sanchez doubled to deep center , Norris and Bourgeois scored . Pence grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Astros . Craig grounded out to shortstop . Schumaker struck out swinging . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 3rd . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Lee singled to center . Keppinger grounded out to third , Lee to second . Feliz singled to center , Lee scored . Johnson struck out swinging . Castro grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Astros . Garcia struck out looking . Ryan struck out swinging . Miles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 4th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Norris grounded out to second . Bourgeois popped out to shortstop . Sanchez singled to center . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Sanchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Astros . Rasmus singled to right . Pujols singled to left , Rasmus to second . Holliday flied out to center . Craig singled to left , Rasmus scored , Pujols to second . Schumaker singled to right center , Pujols scored , Craig to second . Molina grounded into double play , third to second to first , Schumaker out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 5th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Lee flied out to right . Keppinger grounded out to third . Feliz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Norris pitching for Astros . Garcia grounded out to catcher . Ryan struck out swinging . Miles flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 6th . Garcia pitching for Cardinals . Johnson singled to left . Johnson to second on wild pitch by Garcia . Castro singled to left , Johnson to third . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Norris sacrificed to pitcher , Castro to second . Bourgeois walked . Sanchez tripled to deep center , Johnson , Castro and Bourgeois scored . Pence hit sacrifice fly to right , Sanchez scored . Lee doubled to right , Lee out stretching at third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Norris pitching for Astros . Rasmus flied out to left . Pujols grounded out to third . Holliday homered to right ( 394 feet ) . Craig singled to center . Schumaker walked , Craig to second . Molina lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 7th . LaRue catching . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Keppinger walked . Keppinger to second on passed ball by LaRue . Feliz singled to right , Keppinger to third . Johnson doubled to deep center , Keppinger and Feliz scored . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Castro singled to center , Johnson to third . Wallace hit for Norris . Wallace singled to right , Johnson scored , Castro to second . Bourgeois grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Wallace out at second , Castro to third . Sanchez singled to left , Castro scored . Pence grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Sanchez out at second . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Byrdak pitching for Astros . Reyes grounded out to second . Ryan singled to right . Miles flied out to right . Rasmus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 8th . Reyes pitching for Cardinals . Lee walked . Michaels hit for Keppinger . Michaels singled to center , Lee to second . MacDougal pitching for Cardinals . Feliz singled to center , Lee scored , Michaels to third . Blum hit for Johnson . Blum singled to right , Michaels scored , Feliz to third . Castro walked , Blum to second . Byrdak struck out swinging . Bourgeois walked , Feliz scored , Blum to third , Castro to second . Sanchez struck out looking . Pence singled to center , Blum scored , Castro to third , Bourgeois to second . Lee grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Bourgeois at second base . Michaels in center field . Blum at third base . Fulchino pitching for Astros . Pujols singled to center . Holliday grounded out to second , Pujols to second . Craig walked . Schumaker struck out looking . LaRue struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Top 9th . Miles pitching for Cardinals . Craig at third base . Winn in right field . Michaels flied out to right . Feliz popped out to shortstop . Blum singled to right center . Castro popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Chacin pitching for Astros . Winn flied out to right . Ryan singled to center . Miles grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ryan out at second . Rasmus singled to center , Miles to second . Pujols fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Astros 18 - Cardinals 4 .	Astros pound Cardinals for seventh straight win