Cardinals - Top 1st . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Schumaker walked . Craig singled to right center , Schumaker to second . Pujols homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Schumaker and Craig scored . Holliday walked . Holliday to second on wild pitch by Samardzija . Rasmus walked , Holliday stole third . Rasmus batting . Descalso fouled out to third . Ryan popped out to third . Pagnozzi singled to center , Holliday scored , Rasmus to third . Westbrook struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Fuld grounded out to pitcher . Castro grounded out to shortstop . DeWitt lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Schumaker flied out to center . Craig doubled to deep left . Pujols intentionally walked . Holliday grounded out to second , Craig to third , Pujols to second . Rasmus popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Nady grounded out to third . Fukudome struck out swinging . Soriano grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Descalso flied out to center . Ryan singled to left . Ryan caught stealing second , catcher to second . Pagnozzi walked . Westbrook flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Scales walked . Castillo struck out swinging . Scales stole second . Samardzija walked . Fuld grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Samardzija out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Schumaker flied out to left . Craig grounded out to third . Pujols flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Castro grounded out to pitcher . DeWitt grounded out to shortstop . Nady grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Samardzija pitching for Cubs . Holliday walked . Rasmus struck out looking . Descalso walked , Holliday to second . Ryan singled to center , Holliday scored , Descalso to second . Pagnozzi doubled to deep center , Descalso and Ryan scored . Berg pitching for Cubs . Westbrook grounded out to second , Pagnozzi to third . Schumaker walked . Craig singled to center , Pagnozzi scored , Schumaker to second . Pujols lined out to third . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . Fukudome flied out to center . Soriano flied out to left . Scales singled to right . Castillo doubled to left , Scales to third . Snyder hit for Berg . Snyder singled to left center , Scales and Castillo scored . Fuld walked , Snyder to second . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Fuld out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Maine pitching for Cubs . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Rasmus doubled to deep right . Feliz hit for Descalso . Feliz safe at first on error by third baseman Scales . Ryan struck out swinging . Pagnozzi lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cubs - Bottom 6th . Feliz at third base . Westbrook pitching for Cardinals . DeWitt singled to right . Nady grounded into fielder 's choice to left , DeWitt safe at second on error by shortstop Ryan . Fukudome doubled to right , DeWitt scored , Nady to third . Soriano grounded out to pitcher . Scales walked . Motte pitching for Cardinals . Castillo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nady scored , Fukudome out at third , Scales to second . Hoffpauir hit for Maine . Hoffpauir singled to right , Scales scored , Castillo to second . Fuld struck out looking . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Mateo pitching for Cubs . Jay hit for Motte . Jay walked . Schumaker lined out to third . Craig flied out to left . Pujols grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jay out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 7th . Miller pitching for Cardinals . Jay in right field . Castro grounded out to second . DeWitt singled to center . Nady singled to deep center , DeWitt scored , Nady to third on error by center fielder Rasmus . Fukudome hit sacrifice fly to left , Nady scored . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Soriano struck out swinging , Soriano safe at first on wild pitch by Boggs . Scales walked , Soriano to second . Castillo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 8th . Cashner pitching for Cubs . Holliday flied out to right . Rasmus singled to right . Feliz singled to left center , Rasmus to third , Feliz to second advancing on throw . Ryan intentionally walked . Pagnozzi grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ryan out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 8th . Barney hit for Cashner . Boggs pitching for Cardinals . Barney struck out swinging . Greene at third base . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Fuld walked . Fuld to second on wild pitch by Franklin . Castro grounded out to third . DeWitt walked . Nady flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Russell pitching for Cubs . Jay flied out to center . Miles hit for Schumaker . Miles grounded out to first . Greene reached on bunt single to pitcher . Diamond pitching for Cubs . Greene to second on wild pitch by Diamond . Pujols intentionally walked . Holliday struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Bottom 9th . Miles at second base . Mather in left field . Franklin pitching for Cardinals . Fukudome grounded out to second . Soriano popped out to second . Scales grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 8 - Cubs 7 .	Cubs rally falls short , drop a wild one to Cards