Cardinals - Top 1st . Roark pitching for Nationals . Fowler struck out looking . Díaz grounded out to shortstop . Carpenter lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Eaton doubled to deep left center . Rendon grounded out to shortstop , Eaton to third . Harper singled to left , Eaton scored . Murphy lined out to third . Zimmerman walked , Harper to second . Werth fouled out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Piscotty flied out to center . Molina singled to center . Peralta singled to right , Molina to second . Grichuk grounded out to third , Molina to third , Peralta to second . Wong doubled to deep right , Molina and Peralta scored . Wainwright grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Drew singled to right . Wieters lined out to left . Roark sacrificed to pitcher , Drew to second . Eaton singled to center , Drew scored . Rendon struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Roark pitching for Nationals . Fowler safe at first on error by first baseman Zimmerman . Díaz flied out to right . Carpenter flied out to left .    Fowler stole second . Piscotty singled to center , Fowler scored . Molina lines out to right . Molina batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Harper singled to shallow left center . Murphy lined out to center . Zimmerman singled to center , Harper to third . Werth struck out swinging , Zimmerman stole second . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Peralta safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rendon . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong flied out to right . Wainwright flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Wieters singled to right center . Roark grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Wieters safe at third on throwing error by second baseman Wong . Eaton singled to right , Wieters scored , Roark to second . Rendon popped out to second . Harper walked , Roark to third , Eaton to second . Murphy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Harper out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 5th . Roark pitching for Nationals . Fowler safe at first on error by second baseman Murphy . Díaz struck out swinging . Carpenter singled to center , Fowler to third , Carpenter to second advancing on throw . Piscotty singled to center , Fowler scored , Carpenter to third . Molina singled to center , Carpenter scored , Piscotty to second . Peralta grounds into double play , shortstop to second to first . Molina out at 2nd . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Wainwright pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman reached on infield single to shortstop . Werth singled to right , Zimmerman to second . Drew doubled to deep right , Zimmerman scored , Werth to third . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Gyorko at third base . Wieters singled to left center , Werth scored , Drew to third . Heisey hit for Roark . Heisey struck out swinging . Eaton hit sacrifice fly to center , Drew scored . Rendon flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Grichuk struck out swinging . Wong grounded out to first . Gyorko safe at first on error by shortstop Drew . Fowler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Cecil pitching for Cardinals . Harper reached on bunt single to first . Murphy singled to right , Harper to second . Bowman pitching for Cardinals . Zimmerman struck out looking . Werth singled to left , Harper to third , Murphy to second . Drew hit sacrifice fly to left , Harper scored . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 7th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Díaz lined out to shortstop . Carpenter singled to right . Piscotty lined into double play , right to first , Carpenter doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Difo hit for Albers . Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals . Difo struck out swinging . Eaton struck out looking . Rendon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Glover pitching for Nationals . Molina grounded out to third . Adams hit for Rosenthal . Adams grounded out to pitcher . Grichuk flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Siegrist pitching for Cardinals . Harper walked . Murphy flied out to center . Zimmerman doubled to deep left , Harper to third . Werth intentionally walked . Drew singled to right , Harper and Zimmerman scored , Werth to second , Werth to third advancing on throw . Broxton pitching for Cardinals . Wieters walked , Drew to second . Lind hit for Glover . Lind doubled to deep right , Werth and Drew scored , Wieters to third . Eaton walked . Rendon grounded out to first , Wieters scored , Lind to third , Eaton to second . Harper reached on infield single to second , Lind and Eaton scored . Murphy lined out to first . 7 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 9th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Wong lined out to left . Gyorko homered to center ( 391 feet ) . Garcia hit for Fowler . Garcia reached on infield single to third . Díaz flied out to right . Fryer hit for Carpenter . Fryer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 6 - Nationals 14 .	Harper has 4 hits , 3 RBIs as Nationals rout Cardinals 14 - 6