Orioles - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Smith doubled to deep center . Jones walked . Machado struck out swinging . Davis flied out to left . Trumbo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Orioles . Turner struck out looking . Werth walked . Harper grounded out to shortstop , Werth to second . Zimmerman lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Schoop hit by pitch . Hardy singled to right , Schoop to second . Joseph singled to shallow right , Schoop scored , Hardy to third . Miley reached on bunt single to third , Joseph to second . Smith hit sacrifice fly to center , Hardy scored , Joseph to third . Jones singled to right , Joseph scored , Miley to second . Machado grounded into double play , second to first , Jones out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Murphy grounded out to second . Rendon walked . Wieters singled to deep right center , Rendon to third . Taylor struck out swinging . Strasburg grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Davis struck out swinging . Trumbo struck out swinging . Schoop doubled to deep left . Hardy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Orioles . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Werth flied out to center . Harper struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Joseph struck out swinging . Miley struck out swinging . Smith struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Murphy grounded out to second . Rendon walked . Wieters singled to center , Rendon to third . Taylor singled to left , Rendon scored , Wieters to second . Strasburg grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Jones flied out to right . Machado struck out swinging . Davis singled to center . Trumbo homered to left center ( 455 feet ) , Davis scored . Schoop lined out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Orioles . Turner singled to left . Werth walked , Turner to second . Harper singled to left , Turner to third , Werth to second . Zimmerman struck out swinging . Murphy grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Turner scored , Harper out at second , Werth to third . Rendon lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Hardy walked . Joseph grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hardy out at second . Kim hit for Miley . Kim struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Taylor struck out swinging . Difo hit for Strasburg . Difo reached on infield single to second , Difo to second on throwing error by second baseman Schoop . Turner grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Top 7th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Smith struck out swinging . Jones lined out to center . Machado homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Davis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Givens pitching for Orioles . Werth reached on infield single to pitcher . Hart pitching for Orioles . Rickard in left field . Harper popped out to second . Zimmerman grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Werth out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Treinen pitching for Nationals . Trumbo reached on infield single to shortstop . Schoop lined out to left . Hardy struck out looking . Joseph grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Hart pitching for Orioles . Murphy singled to right . Gentry in right field . Asher pitching for Orioles . Rendon struck out looking . Wieters struck out looking . Taylor homered to left center ( 421 feet ) , Murphy scored . Goodwin hit for Treinen . Goodwin walked . Turner struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Rickard struck out looking . Gentry struck out swinging . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 9th . Brach pitching for Orioles . Werth homered to right center ( 391 feet ) . Harper doubled to left . Zimmerman grounded out to pitcher . Murphy intentionally walked . Rendon singled to center , Harper to third , Murphy to second . Wieters singled to right , Harper and Murphy scored , Rendon to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Nationals 7 .	Wieters ' 2 - run single gives Nationals 7 - 6 win over Orioles