Padres - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Córdoba singled to shallow right . Solarte grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Córdoba safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Zimmerman . Schimpf struck out looking . Renfroe grounded out to third , Córdoba to third , Solarte to second . Spangenberg walked . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Richard pitching for Padres . Turner struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Harper reached on infield single to third . Zimmerman reached on infield single to third , Harper to second . Rendon grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Zimmerman out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Aybar safe at first on error by shortstop Turner . Szczur struck out swinging . Richard struck out bunting foul . Aybar stole second . Córdoba grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Richard pitching for Padres . Wieters popped out to catcher . Taylor grounded out to third . Difo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Solarte struck out looking . Schimpf struck out swinging . Renfroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Richard pitching for Padres . Strasburg singled to center . Turner popped out to second . Werth doubled to deep left , Strasburg to third . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Strasburg scored , Werth to third . Zimmerman grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harper out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Spangenberg struck out looking . Hedges popped out to second . Aybar struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Richard pitching for Padres . Rendon singled to left . Wieters struck out swinging . Taylor singled to left , Rendon to second . Difo grounded out to second , Rendon to third , Taylor to second . Strasburg struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Szczur struck out swinging . Richard struck out looking . Córdoba popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Richard pitching for Padres . Turner singled to center . Turner picked off and caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Werth walked . Harper struck out swinging . Zimmerman singled to center , Werth to second . Werth caught stealing third , pitcher to third to second . Rendon batting . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Solarte singled to left center . Schimpf struck out swinging . Renfroe singled to left , Solarte to second . Spangenberg struck out swinging . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Richard pitching for Padres . Rendon doubled to deep left . Wieters grounded out to shortstop . Taylor homered to center ( 413 feet ) , Rendon scored . Difo grounded out to first . Strasburg struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 7th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Aybar grounded out to first . Szczur flied out to center . Cordero hit for Richard . Cordero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Turner struck out swinging . Werth grounded out to shortstop . Harper safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Schimpf . Zimmerman flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Padres - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Nationals . Córdoba struck out swinging . Solarte flied out to left . Schimpf grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Stammen pitching for Padres . Rendon walked . Wieters struck out swinging . Rendon stole second . Taylor struck out swinging . Difo flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Top 9th . Glover pitching for Nationals . Renfroe grounded out to pitcher . Spangenberg grounded out to second . Hedges struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Padres 0 - Nationals 3 .	Strasburg K 's career - high 15 in Nats ' victory