Phillies - Top 1st . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Hernández popped out to shortstop . Herrera walked . Hoskins walked , Herrera to second . Williams homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Herrera and Hoskins scored . Franco flied out to center . Kim walked . Alfaro struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Turner grounded out to shortstop . Kendrick singled to right center . Murphy singled to left center , Kendrick to third . Zimmerman singled to center , Kendrick scored , Murphy to second . Rendon popped out to first . Wieters grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Crawford singled to left . Thompson sacrificed to first , Crawford to second . Hernández flied out to right . Herrera fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Taylor singled to left center . Taylor stole second . De Aza grounded out to second , Taylor to third . Scherzer flied out to center . Turner singled to left , Taylor scored . Kendrick grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Turner out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Hoskins struck out swinging . Williams struck out swinging . Franco reached on infield single to third . Kim lined out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Murphy walked . Zimmerman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Murphy safe at second on error by second baseman Hernández . Rendon grounded out to first , Murphy to third , Zimmerman to second . Wieters walked . Taylor inside - the - park home run to deep center ( 327 feet ) , Murphy , Zimmerman and Wieters scored . De Aza grounded out to first . Scherzer flied out to center . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Alfaro struck out swinging . Crawford flied out to left . Thompson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Turner doubled to deep center . Kendrick safe at first on error by third baseman Franco , Turner to third . Murphy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Turner scored , Kendrick out at second . Zimmerman grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 5th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Hernández grounded out to first . Herrera struck out looking . Hoskins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Phillies . Rendon flied out to right . Wieters grounded out to second . Taylor grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Scherzer pitching for Nationals . Williams singled to left . Franco grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Williams out at second . Kim doubled to left center . Alfaro hit by pitch . Crawford doubled to right , Kim scored , Alfaro to third . Galvis hit for Thompson . Galvis popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Rios pitching for Phillies . De Aza grounded out to shortstop . Stevenson hit for Scherzer . Stevenson singled to right . Turner homered to left center ( 421 feet ) , Stevenson scored . Kendrick singled to center . Murphy doubled to deep center , Kendrick to third . Zimmerman singled to shallow right center , Kendrick scored , Murphy to third . Rendon popped out to first . Wieters struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 7th . Stevenson in left field . Pérez pitching for Nationals . Hernández singled to right . Herrera reached on infield single to pitcher , Hernández to second . Hoskins homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Hernández and Herrera scored . Williams singled to shallow right . Albers pitching for Nationals . Franco grounded out to pitcher , Williams to second . Kim singled to center , Williams thrown out at home , Kim to second advancing on throw . Alfaro hit by pitch . Crawford grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Milner pitching for Phillies . Taylor reached on infield single to shortstop . De Aza sacrificed to first , Taylor to second . Bautista hit for Stevenson . Bautista struck out swinging . Turner walked . Read hit for Albers . Read reached on infield single to shortstop , Taylor to third , Turner to second . Murphy lined out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . De Aza in left field . Bautista in right field . Kintzler pitching for Nationals . Blanco hit for Milner . Blanco fouled out to third . Hernández grounded out to second . Herrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Neris pitching for Phillies . Zimmerman lined out to right . Rendon doubled to left . Wieters struck out swinging . Taylor tripled to left , Rendon scored . De Aza struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Kelley pitching for Nationals . Hoskins singled to shallow left . Williams singled to center , Hoskins to second . Franco homered to left center ( 421 feet ) , Hoskins and Williams scored . Doolittle pitching for Nationals . Joseph hit for Kim . Joseph struck out swinging . Alfaro struck out swinging . Crawford struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 10 - Nationals 11 .	Taylor 's inside - the - park slam lifts Nats over Phillies