Red Sox - Top 1st. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Betts struck out swinging. Benintendi flied out to center. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Gardner doubled to deep right center. Judge singled to center, Gardner scored. Gregorius struck out swinging. Stanton grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Judge out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 2nd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Bogaerts singled to left. Moreland homered to right center (407 feet), Bogaerts scored. Núñez flied out to right. Devers reached on infield single to third. León singled to center, Devers to second. Betts grounded into fielder's choice to third, León out at second. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Sánchez grounded out to pitcher. Hicks walked. Walker struck out looking. Andújar reached on infield single to third, Hicks to second. Hicks stole third. Torres grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 3rd. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Benintendi walked. Ramírez grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Benintendi out at second. Martinez walked. Bogaerts singled to center, Martinez to second. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Gardner doubled to center. Judge walked. Gregorius grounded out to first, Gardner to third, Judge to second. Stanton doubled to deep right, Gardner and Judge scored. Sánchez singled to left, Stanton to third. Hicks hit sacrifice fly to center, Stanton scored. Walker flied out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 4th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Núñez lined out to center. Devers singled to center. León grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Devers out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Andújar flied out to right. Torres grounded out to third. Gardner grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 5th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Betts grounded out to pitcher. Benintendi homered to right (391 feet). Ramírez flied out to left. Martinez lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Judge reached on infield single to pitcher, Judge to second on throwing error by pitcher Porcello. Gregorius walked. Stanton hit by pitch, Judge to third, Gregorius to second. Sánchez hit sacrifice fly to center, Judge scored. Hicks grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stanton out at second, Gregorius to third. Walker lined out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Red Sox - Top 6th. Tanaka pitching for Yankees. Bogaerts doubled to deep center. Moreland grounded out to second, Bogaerts to third. Green pitching for Yankees. Núñez hit sacrifice fly to center, Bogaerts scored. Devers struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Red Sox. Andújar struck out swinging. Torres singled to left. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Gardner grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Torres out at second. Judge flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 7th. Holt hit for León. Green pitching for Yankees. Holt popped out to shortstop. Betts lined out to left. Benintendi walked. Ramírez homered to left (431 feet), Benintendi scored. Martinez singled to center. Bogaerts struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 7th. Vázquez catching. Johnson pitching for Red Sox. Gregorius lined out to left. Smith pitching for Red Sox. Stanton grounded out to shortstop. Sánchez singled to left. Hicks struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 8th. Shreve pitching for Yankees. Moreland walked. Núñez doubled to left, Moreland to third. Devers struck out swinging. Holder pitching for Yankees. Vázquez struck out swinging. Betts intentionally walked. Benintendi grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Bottom 8th. Barnes pitching for Red Sox. Walker doubled to deep left. Andújar grounded out to second, Walker to third. Torres walked. Kimbrel pitching for Red Sox. Gardner tripled to deep center, Walker and Torres scored. Judge homered to center (429 feet), Gardner scored. Gregorius struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Red Sox - Top 9th. Chapman pitching for Yankees. Ramírez struck out swinging. Martinez singled to right. Bogaerts struck out swinging. Moreland struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Red Sox 6 - Yankees 9.	Gardner beats Kimbrel, Yanks rally to beat Red Sox again