Mariners - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to left . Winn doubled to right , Suzuki to third . Martinez grounded out to shortstop , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Boone doubled to left , Winn scored . Cameron flied out to left center . Colbrunn grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ellis walked . Hatteberg walked , Ellis to second . Tejada flied out to deep left center , Ellis to third . Chavez safe at first on error by shortstop Bloomquist , Ellis scored , Hatteberg to second . Dye struck out looking . Durazo grounded out to first . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Cirillo singled to center . Davis fouled out to first . Bloomquist grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cirillo out at second . Suzuki grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Long grounded out to first . Hernandez grounded out to third . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Winn grounded out to third . Martinez walked . Boone grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Martinez out at second . Cameron popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ellis flied out to right . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . Tejada popped out to shallow left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Colbrunn walked . Cirillo flied out to center . Davis struck out swinging . Bloomquist walked , Colbrunn to second . Suzuki singled to left , Colbrunn scored , Bloomquist to second . Winn reached on infield single to shortstop , Bloomquist to third , Suzuki to second . Martinez walked , Bloomquist scored , Suzuki to third , Winn to second . Boone popped out to first . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Chavez doubled to right . Dye doubled to left , Chavez scored . Durazo singled to left , Dye scored . Long grounded out to first , Durazo to second . Hernandez struck out looking . Byrnes walked . Ellis struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Cameron singled to left . Colbrunn grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cameron out at second . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg flied out to left . Tejada singled to right center . Chavez flied out to deep left . Dye flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Davis lined out to third . Bloomquist grounded out to third . Suzuki doubled to right . Winn grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Durazo grounded out to first . Long flied out to right . Hernandez singled to center . Bowie pitching for Athletics . Byrnes grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hernandez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Martinez grounded out to shortstop . Boone flied out to right . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Cameron struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Hasegawa pitching for Mariners . Ellis walked . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Olerud at first base . Hatteberg sacrificed to pitcher , Ellis to second . Tejada grounded out to first , Ellis to third . Chavez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Olerud grounded out to pitcher . Cirillo popped out to second . Davis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Piatt hit for Durazo . Rhodes pitching for Mariners . Dye singled to left . Piatt grounded into double play , third to second to first , Dye out at second . Long walked . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Hernandez popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist grounded out to pitcher . Suzuki popped out to second . Guillen at shortstop . Sasaki pitching for Mariners . Winn popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Singleton hit for Byrnes . Sasaki pitching for Mariners . Singleton singled to right . Ellis sacrificed to first , Singleton to second . Hatteberg singled to center , Singleton scored . Tejada struck out swinging . Hatteberg to second on wild pitch by Sasaki . Chavez intentionally walked . Singleton in center field . Dye flied out to right center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 10th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to shallow left center . McLemore ran for Martinez . Boone sacrificed to pitcher , McLemore to third . Cameron hit sacrifice fly to right , McLemore scored . Olerud doubled to deep right center . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Cirillo struck out looking . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 10th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Piatt struck out swinging . Long homered to right . Hernandez struck out looking . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Singleton flied out to center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 11th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Davis homered to left center . Guillen grounded out to second . Suzuki grounded out to second . Winn walked . Winn stole second . McLemore doubled to left center , Winn scored . Boone grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 11th . Nelson pitching for Mariners . Ellis singled to right . Hatteberg grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ellis safe at third on throwing error by Olerud , Hatteberg to second advancing on play . Tejada grounded out to third . Chavez intentionally walked . Dye hit sacrifice fly to right , Ellis scored , Hatteberg to third . Chavez to second on fielder 's indifference . Piatt struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 7 - Athletics 6 .	Mariners outlast A 's in 11 , collect first win