Athletics - Top 1st . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Ellis struck out looking . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Tejada fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Glanville flied out to left . Everett grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez singled to center . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Chavez flied out to shallow left . Dye flied out to deep center . Durazo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Greene struck out looking . Palmeiro grounded out to second . Teixeira walked . Young singled to center , Teixeira to second . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Long homered to right . Hernandez lined out to pitcher . Singleton struck out swinging . Ellis homered to left center . Hatteberg struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Glanville reached on infield single to shortstop . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glanville out at second , Everett to second on throwing error by shortstop Tejada . Rodriguez doubled to left , Everett scored . Gonzalez lined out to shortstop . Rodriguez to third on wild pitch by Mulder . Greene struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Tejada singled to center . Chavez flied out to right . Dye popped out to third . Durazo walked , Tejada to second . Long walked , Tejada to third , Durazo to second . Hernandez singled to right , Tejada and Durazo scored , Long to third , Hernandez to second advancing on throw . Singleton singled to right , Long and Hernandez scored . Ellis struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Palmeiro grounded out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to second . Young singled to left . Young stole second . Diaz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg singled to right . Tejada homered to left , Hatteberg scored . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Chavez grounded out to pitcher . Dye struck out swinging . Durazo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Glanville grounded out to third . Everett struck out looking . Rodriguez singled to center . Gonzalez homered to left , Rodriguez scored . Greene popped out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Long struck out swinging . Hernandez flied out to shallow left . Singleton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Palmeiro homered to right . Teixeira doubled to left . Young walked . Fikac pitching for Athletics . Diaz grounded into double play , third to first , Teixeira out at third , Young to second . Glanville lined out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Nitkowski pitching for Rangers . Ellis lined out to third . Hatteberg singled to left . Tejada singled to center , Hatteberg to second . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second , Hatteberg to third . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Dye walked , Chavez to second . Durazo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 7th . Fikac pitching for Athletics . Everett grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Long walked . Hernandez struck out swinging . Singleton singled to right , Long to second . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Singleton out at second , Long to third . Hatteberg homered to right , Long and Ellis scored . Tejada hit by pitch . Powell pitching for Rangers . Chavez struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 8th . Fikac pitching for Athletics . Greene singled to left . Palmeiro grounded out to second , Greene to second . Teixeira singled to right , Greene scored . Young popped out to shallow right center . Diaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Dye doubled to left . Durazo walked . Long doubled to right , Dye scored , Durazo to third . Hernandez grounded out to shortstop , Durazo scored . Menechino hit for Ellis . Singleton lined out to left . Menechino at second base . Piatt in right field . Neu pitching for Athletics . Menechino struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Bottom 9th . Clark hit for Everett . Neu pitching for Athletics . Glanville struck out swinging . Lamb hit for Rodriguez . Clark grounded out to third . Lamb grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 13 - Rangers 5 .	Tejada snaps out of funk as A 's swamp Rangers