Rangers - Top 1st . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Christenson walked . Everett sacrificed to first , Christenson to second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Hatteberg walked . Tejada grounded out to third , Hatteberg to second . Chavez flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Palmeiro flied out to center . Mench doubled to left . Teixeira walked . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Teixeira out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Durazo struck out swinging . Hernandez hit by pitch . Long safe at first on error by pitcher Valdes , Hernandez to third . Gant grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hernandez out at third , Long to second . Singleton singled to right , Long scored , Gant to third . Ellis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Diaz lined out to pitcher . Christenson grounded out to third . Everett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Hatteberg popped out to shortstop . Tejada flied out to center . Chavez singled to right . Durazo doubled to right , Chavez to third . Hernandez hit by pitch . Long singled to center , Chavez and Durazo scored , Hernandez to second . Gant flied out to deep left . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Palmeiro homered to right . Mench grounded out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Valdez pitching for Rangers . Singleton singled to right center . Ellis grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Singleton out at second . Hatteberg walked . Tejada homered to left , Hatteberg scored . Chavez singled to center . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Durazo struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Teixeira doubled to deep right . Young flied out to right , Teixeira to third . Diaz hit by pitch . Christenson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Diaz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Hernandez singled to right . Long singled to center , Hernandez to third . Gant grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Hernandez scored , Long out at second . Singleton struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Everett homered to left . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Gonzalez singled to right . Palmeiro flied out to right . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Mench grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Ellis doubled to right . Hatteberg homered to right , Ellis scored . Tejada popped out to shallow right . Chavez struck out swinging . Durazo grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Mulder pitching for Athletics . Teixeira struck out swinging . Young grounded out to second . Diaz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Hernandez doubled to left center . Long grounded out to second , Hernandez to third . Gant grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez scored . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Singleton flied out to shallow left . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Christenson struck out swinging . Everett flied out to deep right . Rodriguez hit by pitch . Gonzalez flied out to deep left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Garcia pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Hatteberg reached on infield single to second . Tejada flied out to shallow center . Chavez doubled to left , Hatteberg to third . Fultz pitching for Rangers . Durazo singled to right , Hatteberg and Chavez scored , Durazo tagged out at second attempting to advance on throw . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Blalock hit for Palmeiro . Blalock flied out to right . Mench lined out to shortstop . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 2 - Athletics 12 .	Mulder sharp despite taking line drive off throwing arm