Indians - Top 1st . Halama pitching for Athletics . Vizquel flied out to left . Blake grounded out to shortstop . Burks walked . Garcia grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ellis grounded out to second . Hatteberg walked . Tejada flied out to center . Chavez walked , Hatteberg to second . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 2nd . Halama pitching for Athletics . Spencer grounded out to third . Gerut grounded out to second . Laker walked . Laker to second on balk by Halama . Phillips struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Long lined out to left . Byrnes lined out to shortstop . Singleton singled to right . Johnson grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 3rd . Halama pitching for Athletics . McDonald hit by pitch . Vizquel sacrificed to pitcher , McDonald to second . Blake grounded out to pitcher , McDonald to third . Burks walked . Garcia safe at first on error by first baseman Hatteberg , McDonald scored , Burks to second . Spencer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Hatteberg flied out to left . Tejada singled to center . Chavez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 4th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Gerut grounded out to shortstop . Laker grounded out to second . Phillips flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Durazo singled to left . Long grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Durazo out at second . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 5th . Halama pitching for Athletics . McDonald flied out to deep center . Vizquel flied out to left . Blake grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Singleton doubled to deep right . Johnson grounded out to first , Singleton to third . Ellis singled to center , Singleton scored . Hatteberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Burks grounded out to third . Garcia fouled out to left . Spencer walked . Gerut struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Westbrook pitching for Indians . Tejada hit by pitch . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Tejada out at second . Durazo walked . Long singled to right , Durazo to third . Byrnes singled to left , Durazo scored , Long to second . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Singleton doubled to right center , Long scored , Byrnes to third . Johnson walked . Ellis flied out to left center . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Laker struck out swinging . Phillips singled to right . McDonald singled to left , Phillips to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Vizquel walked , Phillips to third , McDonald to second . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Selby hit for Blake . Selby safe at first on error by pitcher Bradford , Phillips and McDonald scored , Vizquel to second . Burks fouled out to catcher . Garcia hit by pitch , Vizquel to third , Selby to second . Hafner at first base . Spencer struck out looking . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Mulholland pitching for Indians . Hatteberg singled to left . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to catcher , Hatteberg to third . Sadler pitching for Indians . Chavez struck out swinging . Durazo hit sacrifice fly to center , Hatteberg scored . Long fouled out to third . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 8th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Gerut grounded out to pitcher . Laker lined out to second . Phillips grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Sadler pitching for Indians . Byrnes doubled to left . Singleton bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Byrnes out at third . Johnson singled to right , Singleton to second . Santiago pitching for Indians . Ellis singled to center , Singleton scored , Johnson to second . Hatteberg singled to left , Johnson to third , Ellis to second . Tejada singled to right center , Johnson scored , Ellis to third , Hatteberg to second . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Chavez grounded into double play , second to first , Tejada out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Top 9th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . McDonald singled to right . Vizquel popped out to second . Hafner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McDonald out at second . Hafner to second on fielder 's indifference . Burks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Indians 3 - Athletics 6 .	Halama loses no - hitter late , but A 's top Indians