Giants - Top 1st . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Durham struck out looking . Alfonzo walked . Feliz homered to center , Alfonzo scored . Bonds grounded out to first . Santiago grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Giants . Byrnes flied out to center . Hatteberg flied out to left . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Galarraga grounded out to third . Perez grounded out to first . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Giants . Durazo flied out to center . Dye walked . Chavez struck out swinging . Hernandez singled to center , Dye to third . Long grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Valderrama struck out swinging . Durham singled to center . Alfonzo doubled to left center , Durham scored . Feliz singled to center , Alfonzo to third . Feliz caught stealing second , Feliz safe at second on error by Tejada . Bonds intentionally walked . Santiago singled to left center , Alfonzo scored , Feliz to third , Bonds to second . Galarraga grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Feliz out at home , Bonds to third , Santiago to second , Bonds scored , Santiago to third on throwing error by catcher Hernandez . Perez grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Giants . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Byrnes struck out looking . Hatteberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Cruz grounded out to first . Valderrama struck out swinging . Durham flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Giants . Tejada flied out to right . Durazo walked . Dye grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Durazo out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Alfonzo grounded out to third . Feliz fouled out to first . Bonds singled to right . Santiago grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Giants . Chavez popped out to second . Hernandez flied out to right . Long grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Galarraga singled to center . Perez singled to right , Galarraga to second . Cruz grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Perez out at second , Galarraga to third . Valderrama reached on infield single to third . Durham grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Valderrama out at second . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Williams pitching for Giants . Ellis struck out looking . Byrnes walked . Hatteberg singled to center , Byrnes to third . Tejada hit sacrifice fly to center , Byrnes scored . Durazo grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 7th . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Alfonzo struck out swinging . Feliz homered to left . Bonds reached on infield single to second . Santiago flied out to deep left . Galarraga grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Bonds out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Williams pitching for Giants . Dye flied out to right . Chavez singled to left . Hernandez doubled to deep left , Chavez to third . Eyre pitching for Giants . Long reached on infield single to shortstop , Chavez scored . Rodriguez pitching for Giants . Ellis hit by pitch , Hernandez to third , Long to second . Byrnes singled to left , Hernandez and Long scored , Ellis to second . Christiansen pitching for Giants . Hatteberg reached on infield single to pitcher , Ellis to third , Byrnes to second . Nathan pitching for Giants . Tejada fouled out to first . Durazo grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 8th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Perez grounded out to first . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Valderrama flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Nathan pitching for Giants . Dye hit by pitch . Worrell pitching for Giants . Chavez flied out to deep right . Hernandez singled to left , Dye to second . Long grounded out to second , Dye to third , Hernandez to second . Ellis walked . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Byrnes flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 9th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Durham grounded out to first . Alfonzo popped out to shallow center . Grissom in center field . Valderrama in left field . Feliz fouled out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Worrell pitching for Giants . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . Tejada flied out to center . Durazo struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 6 - Athletics 4 .	Williams , Giants end A 's seven - game win streak