Mariners - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Suzuki singled to left center . Winn walked , Suzuki to second . Boone doubled to left , Suzuki scored , Winn to third . Martinez lined out to shortstop . Cameron singled to shallow left , Winn scored , Boone to third . Cameron to second on passed ball by Hernandez . Colbrunn struck out looking . Bloomquist walked . Cirillo grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Byrnes walked . Hatteberg flied out to left . Tejada walked , Byrnes to second . Durazo flied out to left . Hernandez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Wilson singled to left . Suzuki singled to center , Wilson to second . Winn struck out swinging . Boone singled to left , Wilson scored , Suzuki to second . Martinez grounded out to pitcher , Suzuki to third , Boone to second . Cameron flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Dye flied out to center . Singleton struck out swinging . Menechino flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Colbrunn struck out swinging . Bloomquist struck out looking . Cirillo singled to center . Wilson singled to right center , Cirillo to second . Suzuki grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ellis grounded out to third . Byrnes popped out to third . Hatteberg walked . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Winn struck out swinging . Boone struck out swinging . Martinez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Durazo struck out swinging . Hernandez doubled to right center . Dye grounded out to shortstop , Hernandez to third . Singleton flied out to deep center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Cameron struck out looking . Colbrunn struck out looking . Bloomquist doubled to left center . Cirillo walked . Wilson singled to right center , Bloomquist scored , Cirillo to second . Suzuki hit by pitch , Cirillo to third , Wilson to second . Halama pitching for Athletics . Winn walked , Cirillo scored , Wilson to third , Suzuki to second . Boone grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Menechino fouled out to first . Ellis flied out to deep right . Byrnes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 6th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Martinez doubled to left center . Cameron grounded out to second , Martinez to third . Colbrunn singled to center , Martinez scored . Bloomquist grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Colbrunn out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Tejada singled to center . Durazo flied out to right . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Cirillo popped out to shallow right . Wilson lined out to right . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Dye struck out looking . Singleton fouled out to third . Menechino grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 8th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Winn doubled to deep left . Boone grounded out to second , Winn to third . Martinez homered to left , Winn scored . Cameron singled to left . Colbrunn hit ground rule double to deep center , Cameron to third . Neu pitching for Athletics . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop , Cameron scored , Colbrunn to third . Cirillo lined out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Piatt hit for Byrnes . Pineiro pitching for Mariners . Ellis singled to left . Piatt struck out swinging . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Piatt in left field . Melhuse at third base . Singleton in center field . Tejada grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Mariners - Top 9th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Wilson singled to right . Suzuki grounded out to second , Wilson to second . Winn doubled to deep left center , Wilson scored . Boone walked . Martinez reached on infield single to shortstop , Winn to third , Boone to second , Winn scored , Boone to third , Martinez to second on throwing error by shortstop Menechino . Cameron doubled to deep right center , Boone and Martinez scored . Colbrunn flied out to right center , Cameron to third . Bloomquist walked . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Cirillo grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Mateo pitching for Mariners . Durazo fouled out to third . Hernandez hit by pitch . Dye fouled out to first . Singleton flied out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Mariners 13 - Athletics 0 .	Pineiro continues winning ways as M 's pound A 's