Devil Rays - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Crawford grounded out to second . Perez reached on infield single to third . Baldelli flied out to right . Huff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Byrnes grounded out to shortstop . Hatteberg grounded out to second . Durazo popped out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Rolls popped out to second . Lee singled to center . Hall singled to left , Lee to second . Grieve doubled to deep center , Lee and Hall scored . Lugo singled to center , Grieve scored . Crawford singled to center , Lugo to second . Perez flied out to deep right center , Lugo to third , Crawford to second . Baldelli grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Tejada grounded out to third . Chavez flied out to deep left . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Huff flied out to center . Rolls reached on infield single to shortstop . Lee doubled to right center , Rolls scored . Hall popped out to third . Grieve walked . Lugo popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Long flied out to center . Ellis doubled to left center . McMillon struck out looking . Byrnes walked . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Crawford singled to center . Perez reached on bunt single to first , Crawford to second . Crawford stole third , Perez stole second . Baldelli hit sacrifice fly to left , Crawford scored . Huff reached on infield single to third , Perez to third . Rolls walked , Huff to second . Lee grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rolls out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Durazo walked . Tejada singled to center , Durazo to second . Chavez walked , Durazo to third , Tejada to second . Hernandez hit sacrifice fly to center , Durazo scored . Long singled to center , Tejada scored , Chavez to second . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Long out at second , Chavez to third . McMillon fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Hall singled to left . Hall caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Grieve struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Byrnes flied out to left center . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Durazo homered to right . Tejada grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Crawford flied out to left . Perez singled to left . Baldelli reached on infield single to third , Perez to second . Huff hit by pitch , Perez to third , Baldelli to second . Rolls singled to right center , Perez scored , Baldelli to third , Huff to second . Halama pitching for Athletics . Lee grounded out to first , Baldelli scored , Huff to third , Rolls to second . Hall grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Bell pitching for Devil Rays . Chavez flied out to left . Hernandez struck out swinging . Long grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 7th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Grieve reached on infield single to third . Lugo grounded out to catcher , Grieve to second . Crawford grounded out to second , Grieve to third . Backe pitching for Devil Rays . Perez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Backe pitching for Devil Rays . Ellis walked . McMillon flied out to center . Byrnes grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 8th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Baldelli grounded out to second . Huff reached on infield single to second . Rolls grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Huff out at second , Rolls to second on throwing error by second baseman Ellis . Lee singled to right , Rolls scored . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Hall grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Seay pitching for Devil Rays . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Durazo doubled to right center . Tejada flied out to right . Chavez walked . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Neu pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Top 9th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Grieve walked . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Grieve out at second . Crawford grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Lugo out at second . Perez walked , Crawford to second . Baldelli singled to left , Crawford scored , Perez to second . Huff grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Harper pitching for Devil Rays . Long singled to center . Ellis struck out looking . McMillon popped out to shallow left . Byrnes grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Devil Rays 9 - Athletics 3 .	Blond ambition : Rays pound Zito , Athletics