Athletics - Top 1st . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Long grounded out to first . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Chavez popped out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Damon singled to left . Mueller fouled out to third . Garciaparra singled to center , Damon to second . Ramirez struck out looking . Millar reached on infield single to shortstop , Damon to third , Garciaparra to second . Varitek walked , Damon scored , Garciaparra to third , Millar to second . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Varitek out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . Durazo homered to right . Hernandez popped out to second . Hatteberg singled to center . Ellis struck out swinging , Ellis safe at first on passed ball by Mirabelli , Hatteberg to second . Singleton struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Mirabelli singled to left . Jackson flied out to center . Damon lined out to shortstop . Mueller walked , Mirabelli to second . Garciaparra flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Long flied out to deep left . Guillen struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Ramirez doubled to left center . Millar fouled out to first . Varitek singled to left , Ramirez to third . Kapler doubled to left center , Ramirez scored , Varitek to third . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Jackson doubled to right , Varitek and Kapler scored . Damon singled to right , Jackson scored , Damon to second advancing on throw . Mueller flied out to center . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Walker at second base . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Tejada homered to left . Durazo fouled out to third . Hernandez walked . Hatteberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hernandez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Lilly pitching for Athletics . Garciaparra grounded out to shortstop . Ramirez walked . Millar singled to center , Ramirez to second . Neu pitching for Athletics . Varitek walked , Ramirez to third , Millar to second . Kapler grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Ramirez scored , Varitek out at second , Millar to third . Kapler caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Mirabelli batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ellis singled to left center . Singleton struck out swinging . Long grounded out to third , Ellis to second . Guillen singled to center , Ellis scored . Chavez doubled to deep left , Guillen scored . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Mirabelli walked . Walker reached on infield single to third , Mirabelli to second . Damon sacrificed to pitcher , Mirabelli to third , Walker to second . Mueller grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Mirabelli out at home , Walker to third . Garciaparra popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Durazo flied out to right . Hernandez grounded out to second . Hatteberg lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Millar grounded out to first . Varitek doubled to deep left . Varitek to third on wild pitch by Neu . Kapler walked . Mirabelli walked , Kapler to second . Halama pitching for Athletics . Walker grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Wakefield pitching for Red Sox . Ellis singled to left center . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Singleton lined out to left . Long grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Guillen popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Halama pitching for Athletics . Damon reached on infield single to first . Mueller fouled out to catcher . Garciaparra reached on infield single to third , Damon to second . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to first , Damon to third , Garciaparra to second . Millar grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Chavez singled to right . Tejada singled to right , Chavez to third . Durazo singled to left , Chavez scored , Tejada to second . Hernandez struck out bunting foul . Hatteberg singled to right , Tejada scored , Durazo to third . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Durazo scored on throwing error by third baseman Mueller , Hatteberg to third , Ellis to second advancing on play . Sauerbeck pitching for Red Sox . Singleton hit sacrifice fly to center , Hatteberg scored , Ellis to third . Long struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Nixon hit for Kapler . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to center . Rincon pitching for Athletics . McCarty hit for Nixon . McCarty singled to left , Varitek to second . Mirabelli struck out swinging . Walker flied out to left . McCarty in right field . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Damon fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Red Sox . Guillen flied out to center . Chavez flied out to center . Tejada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Foulke pitching for Athletics . Mueller struck out looking . Garciaparra singled to center . Ramirez struck out swinging . Garciaparra to second on fielder 's indifference . Garciaparra to third on balk by Foulke . Millar flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 8 - Red Sox 6 .	A 's rally to beat BoSox , extend wild - card lead