Athletics - Top 1st . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Long grounded out to second . Guillen struck out swinging . Chavez hit ground rule double to left . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Johnson flied out to left . Berg walked . Wells flied out to center . Delgado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Durazo struck out swinging . Hernandez doubled to right . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Ellis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Wilson flied out to center . Kielty flied out to center . Woodward flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton grounded out to pitcher . Long struck out swinging . Guillen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Cash flied out to deep right . Johnson singled to center . Berg walked , Johnson to second . Wells doubled to left , Johnson scored , Berg to third . Delgado intentionally walked . Wilson flied out to deep center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Chavez singled to center . Tejada doubled to left , Chavez to third . Durazo grounded out to first , Chavez scored , Tejada to third . Hernandez singled to left , Tejada scored . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Hernandez to second . Ellis grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Kielty fouled out to first . Woodward fouled out to third . Hudson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Singleton singled to center . Long grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Singleton out at second . Guillen tripled to right . Chavez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Cash lined out to center . Johnson flied out to deep center . Berg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Halladay pitching for Blue Jays . Tejada homered to right . Durazo struck out swinging . Hernandez flied out to deep left . Hatteberg struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Wells singled to center . Delgado doubled to deep left center , Wells scored . Wilson walked . Delgado to third , Wilson to second on wild pitch by Zito . Kielty singled to left , Delgado scored , Wilson to third . Woodward singled to left , Wilson scored , Kielty to second , Kielty to third , Woodward to second advancing on throw . Hudson struck out swinging . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Cash reached on bunt single to second , Kielty scored , Woodward to third . Woodward caught stealing home , catcher to third , Cash to second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Johnson reached on infield single to second , Cash tagged out at home . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Ellis flied out to left . Singleton grounded out to first . Hinske hit for Berg . Long grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Hinske struck out swinging . Wells singled to center . Delgado walked , Wells to second . Catalanotto hit for Wilson . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Phelps hit for Catalanotto . Phelps fouled out to first . Harville pitching for Athletics . Kielty walked , Wells to third , Delgado to second . Hinske at third base . Woodward grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kielty out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Kershner pitching for Blue Jays . Guillen doubled to shallow left center . Chavez struck out swinging . Tejada walked . Durazo struck out looking . Politte pitching for Blue Jays . Hernandez hit by pitch , Guillen to third , Tejada to second . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Byrnes hit for Hatteberg . Melhuse at first base . Byrnes popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Harville pitching for Athletics . Hudson grounded out to shortstop . Cash grounded out to third . Johnson walked . Johnson to second on passed ball by Hernandez . Hinske doubled to right center , Johnson scored . Hinske to third on wild pitch by Harville . Wells popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Miller pitching for Blue Jays . Ellis struck out looking . Menechino hit for Long . Singleton walked . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . McMillon hit for Menechino . McMillon grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Singleton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 3 - Blue Jays 6 .	Jays ' Halladay wins AL - leading 17th game