Athletics - Top 1st . Washburn pitching for Angels . Ellis popped out to shortstop . Durazo homered to right center . Chavez singled to shallow center . Tejada flied out to right . Hatteberg walked , Chavez to second . Hernandez singled to center , Chavez scored , Hatteberg to second . Dye fouled out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Harden pitching for Athletics . Eckstein grounded out to third . Figgins struck out swinging . Anderson reached on infield single to pitcher , Anderson to second on throwing error by pitcher Harden . Salmon singled to right , Anderson scored . Spiezio walked , Salmon to second . Davanon grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 2nd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Long struck out swinging . Byrnes lined out to center . Ellis flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Kennedy singled to shallow right center . Wooten struck out swinging , Kennedy stole second . Amezaga grounded out to first , Kennedy to third . Eckstein grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Washburn pitching for Angels . Durazo popped out to second . Chavez grounded out to first . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop . Hatteberg singled to shallow left , Tejada to third . Hernandez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hatteberg out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Harden pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to pitcher . Anderson flied out to right . Salmon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Dye singled to center . Long flied out to left . Byrnes singled to left , Dye to second . Ellis singled to left , Dye scored , Byrnes to second . Durazo struck out swinging . Chavez popped out to first . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Spiezio doubled to right center . Davanon grounded out to third , Spiezio to third . Kennedy grounded out to first , Spiezio scored . Wooten grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Washburn pitching for Angels . Tejada reached on infield single to shortstop . Tejada stole second . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Tejada to third . Hernandez struck out swinging . Dye intentionally walked . Dye stole second . Long grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Amezaga walked . Eckstein singled to shallow left , Amezaga to second . Figgins sacrificed to third , Amezaga to third , Eckstein to second . Anderson intentionally walked . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Salmon grounded into double play , first to catcher to first , Amezaga out at home . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Byrnes struck out looking . Ellis struck out swinging . Durazo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Spiezio popped out to second . Davanon walked . Kennedy flied out to center . Davanon stole second . Wooten struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Chavez walked . Tejada grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . Hatteberg walked . Hernandez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Harden pitching for Athletics . Amezaga flied out to left . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Eckstein walked . Figgins singled to left , Eckstein to second . Anderson hit ground rule double to deep right , Eckstein scored , Figgins to third . Salmon intentionally walked . Spiezio flied out to center . Molina catching . Owens in right field . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Davanon struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Donnelly pitching for Angels . Dye grounded out to third . Long walked . Byrnes struck out looking . Ellis hit by pitch . Durazo singled to right , Long scored , Ellis to second . Chavez singled to right , Ellis scored , Durazo to third , Chavez to second advancing on throw . Tejada grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Angels - Bottom 8th . Bradford pitching for Athletics . Kennedy grounded out to second . Owens hit by pitch . Amezaga grounded out to third , Owens to second . Turnbow pitching for Angels . Eckstein grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Turnbow pitching for Angels . Hatteberg singled to center . Hernandez bunt popped into double play , pitcher to first , Hatteberg doubled off first . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Dye struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 9th . Mecir pitching for Athletics . Figgins grounded out to first . Anderson singled to left . Wesson ran for Salmon . Salmon walked , Anderson to second . Spiezio homered to right center , Anderson and Wesson scored . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 5 - Angels 6 .	Anaheim 6 , Oakland 5