White Sox - Top 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Podsednik grounded out to second . Harris grounded out to shortstop . Everett walked . Konerko doubled to right center , Everett scored . Dye struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Kotsay flied out to center . Kendall struck out swinging . Chavez walked . Hatteberg flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Rowand walked . Pierzynski grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rowand out at second . Widger flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Durazo lined out to left . Ellis flied out to left . Swisher popped out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Crede singled to right . Podsednik grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Crede out at second . Harris grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Scutaro tripled to deep left . Thomas struck out swinging . Kotsay walked . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Everett walked . Konerko grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Everett out at second . Dye grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Hatteberg flied out to center . Durazo homered to center . Ellis flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Rowand lined out to shortstop . Pierzynski walked . Widger walked , Pierzynski to second . Crede grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Pierzynski out at third , Widger to second . Podsednik grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Swisher flied out to center . Scutaro fouled out to first . Thomas singled to center . Kotsay flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Harris singled to left . Everett singled to right , Harris to second . Konerko grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Everett out at second , Harris to third . Dye grounded into double play , pitcher to second to shortstop to first , Konerko out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Kendall struck out swinging . Chavez grounded out to third . Hatteberg flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Street pitching for Athletics . Rowand flied out to center . Pierzynski grounded out to first . Widger walked . Crede struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Garcia pitching for White Sox . Durazo singled to deep right . Ellis sacrificed to pitcher , Durazo to second . Durazo to third on wild pitch by Garcia . Swisher fouled out to third . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Scutaro struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Podsednik flied out to left . Harris singled to right . Everett grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harris out at second . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Everett stole second , Everett safe at third on throwing error by catcher Kendall . Marte pitching for White Sox . Byrnes hit for Thomas . Konerko popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Marte pitching for White Sox . Byrnes walked . Kotsay struck out swinging . Kendall singled to right , Byrnes to third , Kendall to second on error by right fielder Dye . Chavez intentionally walked . Byrnes in left field . Hatteberg grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 9th . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Dye flied out to center . Rowand hit by pitch . Pierzynski walked , Rowand to second . Widger flied out to left . Dye at shortstop . Perez in right field . Chi White Sox 's Crede ejected by Wendelstedt in the 9th . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Hermanson pitching for White Sox . Durazo singled to center . Ellis sacrificed to first , Durazo to second . Swisher intentionally walked . Scutaro singled to left , Durazo scored , Swisher to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 1 - Athletics 2 .	Durazo scores in ninth as A 's steal series from ChiSox