Yankees - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Jeter singled to left . Womack singled to left center , Jeter to third . Sheffield walked , Womack to second . Matsui walked , Jeter scored , Womack to third , Sheffield to second . Rodriguez hit by pitch , Womack scored , Sheffield to third , Matsui to second . Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center , Sheffield scored , Matsui to third . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matsui scored , Rodriguez out at second . Giambi singled to right center , Posada to second . Cano grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Brown pitching for Yankees . Kotsay grounded out to shortstop . Kendall hit by pitch . Chavez singled to center , Kendall to third . Durazo singled to left , Kendall scored , Chavez to second . Kielty grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Durazo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Jeter grounded out to third . Womack grounded out to shortstop . Sheffield flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . Ginter singled to right . Watson lined out to left . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ginter out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Matsui grounded out to second . Rodriguez homered to center . Martinez singled to right . Posada singled to center , Martinez to second . Giambi walked , Martinez to third , Posada to second . Cano grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Martinez scored , Giambi out at second , Posada to third . Harikkala pitching for Athletics . Jeter homered to center , Posada and Cano scored . Womack grounded out to second . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Brown pitching for Yankees . Kotsay singled to left . Kendall singled to left , Kotsay to third . Chavez hit sacrifice fly to left , Kotsay scored . Durazo flied out to right . Kielty doubled to left center , Kendall scored . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Harikkala pitching for Athletics . Sheffield flied out to left . Matsui singled to center . Rodriguez singled to right , Matsui to second . Martinez homered to right , Matsui and Rodriguez scored . Posada walked . Giambi struck out looking . Cano doubled to deep left , Posada to third . Jeter walked . Womack grounded out to pitcher . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Ginter grounded out to third . Watson flied out to center . Scutaro singled to left . Kotsay grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scutaro out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Harikkala pitching for Athletics . Sheffield grounded out to shortstop . Matsui doubled to deep right . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Martinez singled to right center , Matsui scored . Posada homered to right , Martinez scored . Giambi flied out to center . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Kendall flied out to center . Chavez struck out swinging . Thomas in center field . Melhuse catching . Durazo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Sanchez hit for Jeter . Harikkala pitching for Athletics . Cano singled to center . Sanchez grounded into double play , third to second to first , Cano out at second . Womack singled to right . Sanchez at shortstop . Sheffield flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Brown pitching for Yankees . Kielty grounded out to second . Hatteberg hit by pitch . Ginter singled to center , Hatteberg to second . Watson grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Ginter out at second , Hatteberg to third . Scutaro safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sanchez , Hatteberg scored , Watson to second . Thomas safe at first on error by first baseman Martinez , Watson scored , Scutaro to third . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Melhuse grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Matsui doubled to left . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Martinez lined out to center . Johnson in right field . Groom pitching for Yankees . Posada grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Chavez grounded out to second . Durazo tripled to deep right . Ellis hit for Hatteberg . Kielty lined out to shortstop . Ellis at first base . Street pitching for Athletics . Ellis popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Street pitching for Athletics . Giambi flied out to left . Cano grounded out to second . Sanchez walked . Womack struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Groom pitching for Yankees . Ginter struck out swinging . Watson grounded out to second . Scutaro tripled to deep left . Thomas singled to right , Scutaro scored . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Melhuse grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thomas out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Johnson lined out to left . Matsui doubled to deep right . Rodriguez flied out to right , Matsui to third . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Martinez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Quantrill pitching for Yankees . Chavez grounded out to shortstop . Durazo struck out swinging . Kielty struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 15 - Athletics 6 .	Seven straight : Wins for Yankees , losses for A 's