Red Sox - Top 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Damon grounded out to first . Renteria grounded out to pitcher . Ortiz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Kotsay flied out to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Chavez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Ramirez grounded out to third . Nixon singled to center . Varitek flied out to center . Youkilis walked , Nixon to second . Mueller hit by pitch , Nixon to third , Youkilis to second . Bellhorn singled to center , Nixon and Youkilis scored , Mueller to second . Damon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Durazo flied out to right . Ginter flied out to center . Hatteberg singled to right center . Watson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Renteria grounded out to third . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez singled to deep right center . Nixon grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Scutaro flied out to right . Thomas struck out swinging . Kotsay grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to center . Youkilis singled to right , Varitek to second . Mueller singled to center , Varitek to third , Youkilis to second . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Damon struck out swinging . Renteria lined out to center . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Kendall bunt popped out to pitcher . Chavez doubled to left . Durazo popped out to second . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Ortiz grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to third . Nixon grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Hatteberg singled to left . Watson doubled to deep center , Hatteberg to third . Scutaro grounded out to third . Thomas hit by pitch . Kotsay tripled to deep right , Hatteberg , Watson and Thomas scored . Kendall grounded out to shortstop , Kotsay scored . Chavez singled to left center . Durazo hit by pitch , Chavez to second . Ginter flied out to center . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Varitek singled to center . Youkilis flied out to right . Mueller grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Varitek out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Hatteberg grounded out to first . Watson fouled out to catcher . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Scutaro popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Bellhorn doubled to deep right . Damon walked . Renteria singled to left , Bellhorn to third , Damon to second . Ortiz doubled to deep left center , Bellhorn and Damon scored , Renteria to third . Ramirez struck out swinging . Nixon intentionally walked . Varitek struck out swinging . Youkilis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nixon out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Arroyo pitching for Red Sox . Thomas struck out swinging . Kotsay walked . Kendall grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Kotsay out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 8th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Mueller singled to left . Bellhorn struck out swinging . Damon walked , Mueller to second . Renteria struck out swinging . Myers pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Chavez singled to left . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Durazo reached on infield single to pitcher , Chavez to second . Ginter sacrificed to third , Chavez to third , Durazo to second . Hatteberg intentionally walked . Watson singled to right , Chavez and Durazo scored , Hatteberg to second . Scutaro struck out swinging . Thomas grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Ramirez struck out swinging . Dotel pitching for Athletics . Nixon singled to center . Millar hit for Youkilis . Varitek flied out to left . Payton ran for Millar . Millar safe at first on error by pitcher Dotel , Nixon to second . Nixon to third , Payton to second on wild pitch by Dotel . Mueller flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 4 - Athletics 6 .	A 's snap eight - game losing skid