Rangers - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Dellucci grounded out to second . Young fouled out to first . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Kendall grounded out to second . Kotsay lined out to left . Crosby grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock homered to right center . Soriano grounded out to shortstop . Mench lined out to right . Matthews Jr walked . Hidalgo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Chavez singled to center . Kielty flied out to left . Payton grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Alomar Jr flied out to left . Dellucci struck out swinging . Young homered to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Swisher lined out to center . Ginter grounded out to shortstop . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock doubled to right . Soriano popped out to shortstop . Mench flied out to right . Matthews Jr singled to right , Blalock scored . Hidalgo struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Kendall singled to right center . Kotsay flied out to left . Crosby grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Alomar Jr flied out to center . Dellucci grounded out to first . Young walked . Teixeira grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Chavez singled to left . Kielty grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Chavez out at second . Payton homered to left . Swisher grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Blalock doubled to left center . Soriano singled to center , Blalock to third . Calero pitching for Athletics . Mench struck out swinging . Matthews Jr walked , Soriano to second . Hidalgo doubled to deep right center , Blalock and Soriano scored , Matthews Jr to third . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Alomar Jr grounded out to shortstop , Matthews Jr scored , Hidalgo to third . Dellucci singled to right , Hidalgo scored . Young grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Ginter lined out to right . Ellis walked . Kendall doubled to deep left center , Ellis scored . Kotsay lined out to right . Crosby safe at first on error by third baseman Blalock , Kendall scored . Chavez struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 7th . Kennedy pitching for Athletics . Teixeira flied out to center . Blalock singled to right . Duchscherer pitching for Athletics . Soriano walked , Blalock to second . Mench homered to left center , Blalock and Soriano scored . Matthews Jr struck out swinging . Hidalgo struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Rogers pitching for Rangers . Kielty grounded out to shortstop . Payton singled to center . Swisher flied out to left . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Ginter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Alomar Jr singled to center . Dellucci walked , Alomar Jr to second . Young singled to right , Alomar Jr to third , Dellucci to second . Teixeira fouled out to first . Loe pitching for Rangers . Blalock grounded into double play , third to second to first , Young out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Loe pitching for Rangers . Ellis grounded out to third . Kendall walked . Kotsay flied out to left . Street pitching for Athletics . Crosby grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Soriano flied out to center . Mench flied out to center . Matthews Jr grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Melhuse hit for Chavez . Loe pitching for Rangers . Melhuse doubled to center . Kielty singled to center , Melhuse scored on error by center fielder Matthews Jr. Shouse pitching for Rangers . Payton struck out swinging . Swisher singled to center , Kielty to second . Ginter doubled to deep left center , Kielty and Swisher scored . Cordero pitching for Rangers . Ellis singled to center , Ginter scored . Kendall lined out to left . Ellis to second on fielder 's indifference . Kotsay singled to center , Ellis scored . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Rangers 10 - Athletics 8 .	Rogers not rattled in Oakland , downs A 's