Athletics - Top 1st . Santana pitching for Angels . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Kotsay flied out to left . Crosby flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 1st . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Figgins singled to left . Figgins stole second . Erstad grounded out to first , Figgins to third . Guerrero hit sacrifice fly to right , Figgins scored . Anderson flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Santana pitching for Angels . Chavez walked . Hatteberg struck out looking . Kielty struck out swinging . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 2nd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Finley singled to center . Molina singled to right , Finley to second . DaVanon lined into double play , third to first , Molina doubled off first . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Santana pitching for Angels . Swisher doubled to right . Scutaro struck out swinging . Kendall grounded out to third , Swisher to third . Kotsay flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 3rd . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Kennedy grounded out to second . Figgins struck out looking . Erstad struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 4th . Santana pitching for Angels . Crosby grounded out to shortstop . Chavez singled to right . Hatteberg lined out to right . Kielty grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 4th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Guerrero flied out to left . Anderson doubled to deep left . Finley flied out to right . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 5th . Santana pitching for Angels . Johnson singled to right . Swisher grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Johnson out at second . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Swisher out at second . Kendall lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 5th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . DaVanon struck out looking . Cabrera grounded out to second . Kennedy grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Santana pitching for Angels . Kotsay walked . Crosby struck out swinging . Chavez walked , Kotsay to second . Hatteberg doubled to deep right , Kotsay and Chavez scored . Kielty grounded out to second , Hatteberg to third . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 6th . Saarloos pitching for Athletics . Figgins walked . Figgins stole second . Erstad singled to shallow right , Figgins to third . Guerrero grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Figgins scored , Erstad out at second . Anderson singled to center , Guerrero to third , Anderson to second on error by center fielder Kotsay . Finley intentionally walked . Molina popped out to shortstop . DaVanon reached on infield single to pitcher , Guerrero scored , Anderson to third , Finley to second . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Cabrera singled to center , Anderson and Finley scored , DaVanon to second , DaVanon to third , Cabrera to second on throwing error by center fielder Kotsay . Kennedy flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Santana pitching for Angels . Swisher struck out swinging . Scutaro grounded out to shortstop . Kendall grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Figgins fouled out to third . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Erstad struck out swinging . Shields pitching for Angels . Guerrero grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Shields pitching for Angels . Kotsay flied out to left . Crosby walked . Chavez struck out looking . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Hatteberg grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Angels - Bottom 8th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Anderson grounded out to first . Finley lined out to right . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Molina grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Rodriguez pitching for Angels . Kielty singled to shallow left . Johnson struck out swinging . Melhuse hit for Scutaro . Swisher struck out looking . Kielty to second on fielder 's indifference . Melhuse struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 2 - Angels 5 .	Angels flunk A 's , increase AL West lead to eight games