Yankees - Top 1st . Zito pitching for Athletics . Jeter homered to right center . Matsui lined out to center . Sheffield grounded out to third . Rodriguez singled to center . Giambi walked , Rodriguez to second . Sierra grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . Ellis fouled out to second . Chavez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Posada struck out swinging . Williams flied out to center . Bellhorn homered to left center . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Hatteberg doubled to deep right center . Payton singled to center , Hatteberg scored . Johnson struck out looking . Payton caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Swisher safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Kielty struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 3rd . Zito pitching for Athletics . Matsui grounded out to pitcher . Sheffield walked . Rodriguez singled to left , Sheffield to third . Giambi singled to right , Sheffield scored , Rodriguez to third . Sierra fouled out to first . Posada singled to left , Rodriguez scored , Giambi to second . Williams walked , Giambi to third , Posada to second . Bellhorn struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Scutaro flied out to left . Kendall popped out to second . Ellis walked . Chavez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Zito pitching for Athletics . Jeter doubled to center . Jeter stole third . Matsui tripled to deep right center , Jeter scored . Sheffield singled to right , Matsui scored . Rodriguez fouled out to first . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Giambi hit by pitch , Sheffield to second . Sierra flied out to center . Posada struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Hatteberg grounded out to shortstop . Payton singled to left . Johnson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Payton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Williams flied out to center . Bellhorn walked . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bellhorn out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Swisher flied out to center . Kielty struck out swinging . Scutaro homered to left . Kendall grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Matsui singled to center . Sheffield flied out to center . Rodriguez lined out to shortstop . Giambi walked , Matsui to second . Sierra grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Ellis walked . Chavez flied out to left . Hatteberg singled to right , Ellis to second . Payton grounded out to pitcher , Ellis to third , Hatteberg to second . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Yabu pitching for Athletics . Posada singled to center . Williams singled to right , Posada to second . Bellhorn flied out to center . Rincon pitching for Athletics . Jeter walked , Posada to third , Williams to second . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Matsui struck out swinging . Sheffield grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Williams out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Chacon pitching for Yankees . Swisher grounded out to second . Kielty grounded out to second . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Scutaro walked . Kendall popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez singled to center . Giambi struck out swinging , Rodriguez stole second . Sierra struck out swinging . Posada walked . Williams walked , Rodriguez to third , Posada to second . Calero pitching for Athletics . Bellhorn walked , Rodriguez scored , Posada to third , Williams to second . Phillips at first base . Crosby in center field . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Williams out at third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Gordon pitching for Yankees . Ellis singled to center . Chavez singled to left , Ellis to third . Hatteberg grounded out to second , Ellis scored , Chavez to second . Payton grounded out to third . Street pitching for Athletics . Johnson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Street pitching for Athletics . Matsui grounded out to second . Sheffield struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Rodriguez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Swisher flied out to center . Kielty safe at first on error by second baseman Bellhorn . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Kielty out at second . Kendall walked , Scutaro to second . Ellis lined out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Yankees 7 - Athletics 3 .	Chacon steady again as Yanks take series with A 's