Twins - Top 1st . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Tyner reached on infield single to shortstop . Abernathy grounded out to shortstop , Tyner to second . Mauer flied out to left , Tyner to third . Jones grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 1st . Liriano pitching for Twins . Ellis walked . Kendall doubled to deep right center , Ellis scored . Kotsay struck out looking . Chavez grounded out to shortstop , Kendall to third . Payton flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Ford fouled out to first . Morneau struck out swinging . Cuddyer fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 2nd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Bocachica struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez walked . Tyner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Rodriguez safe at second on error by shortstop Scutaro . Abernathy lined out to second . Mauer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Bottom 3rd . Liriano pitching for Twins . Scutaro grounded out to third . Ellis singled to center . Ellis caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Kendall reached on infield single to third . Kotsay doubled to deep right center , Kendall scored , Kotsay to third on throwing error by center fielder Ford . Chavez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 4th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Jones doubled to deep left center . Ford flied out to left . Morneau doubled to right , Jones scored . Cuddyer fouled out to first , Morneau to third . Castro struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 4th . Liriano pitching for Twins . Payton walked . Hatteberg walked , Payton to second . Bocachica reached on infield single to shortstop , Payton to third , Hatteberg to second . Swisher struck out looking . Scutaro struck out swinging . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Ellis singled to right center , Payton and Hatteberg scored , Bocachica to third , Ellis to second advancing on throw . Kendall singled to left , Bocachica and Ellis scored , Kendall to second advancing on throw . Kotsay struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez lined out to third . Tyner grounded out to first . Abernathy grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 5th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Chavez flied out to right . Payton singled to center . Johnson hit for Bocachica . Hatteberg flied out to center , Payton to second . Johnson at first base . Swisher in right field . Johnson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Blanton pitching for Athletics . Mauer walked . Jones homered to center , Mauer scored . Ford walked . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ford out at second . Cuddyer singled to left . Castro grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cuddyer out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 6th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Swisher homered to left . Scutaro flied out to right . Ellis grounded out to first . Kendall safe at second on error by center fielder Ford . Kotsay singled to left , Kendall scored . Chavez singled to right , Kotsay to third . Calero pitching for Athletics . Payton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 7th . Calero pitching for Athletics . Rodriguez lined out to center . Tyner flied out to center . Bowyer pitching for Twins . Abernathy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 7th . Bowyer pitching for Twins . Hatteberg struck out looking . Johnson struck out looking . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Swisher fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Mauer doubled to deep left . Jones lined out to right . Mauer to third on wild pitch by Witasick . Ford struck out swinging . Morneau flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Bottom 8th . Bowyer pitching for Twins . Scutaro struck out looking . Ellis grounded out to second . Kendall walked . Kotsay singled to left , Kendall to second . Chavez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Witasick pitching for Athletics . Cuddyer struck out looking . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez fouled out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 3 - Athletics 8 .	Blanton picks up third straight win , keep pace in West