Mets - Top 1st. Hampton pitching for Braves. Matsui struck out swinging. Gutierrez flied out to left. Floyd singled to right. Piazza homered to left center, Floyd scored. Cameron homered to left. Phillips singled to right. Spencer flied out to right. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to second. Giles doubled to deep left. Jones struck out swinging. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Wigginton lined out to shortstop. Trachsel singled to right. Matsui walked, Trachsel to second. Gutierrez grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Matsui out at second, Trachsel to third. Floyd singled to center, Trachsel scored, Gutierrez to second. Piazza singled to center, Gutierrez scored, Floyd to third. Cameron flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Jones popped out to first. LaRoche grounded out to second. Estrada grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Hampton pitching for Braves. Phillips struck out swinging. Spencer singled to right. Spencer to second on balk by Hampton. Wigginton grounded out to shortstop, Spencer to third. Trachsel safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Furcal, Spencer scored. Matsui walked, Trachsel to second. Gutierrez flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Derosa singled to right center. Hampton sacrificed to catcher, Derosa to second. Furcal struck out swinging. Giles singled to right, Derosa scored. Jones homered to center, Giles scored. Drew flied out to left. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Hampton pitching for Braves. Floyd grounded out to second. Piazza singled to left center. Cameron grounded into double play, third to second to first, Piazza out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Trachsel pitching for Mets. Jones reached on infield single to third. LaRoche singled to right, Jones to second. Estrada singled to right center, Jones scored, LaRoche to third. Franco hit for Hampton. Derosa walked, Estrada to second. Roberts pitching for Mets. Franco singled to left, LaRoche and Estrada scored, Derosa to second. Furcal walked, Derosa to third, Franco to second. Giles hit sacrifice fly to right, Derosa scored, Franco to third, Furcal to second. Jones intentionally walked. Drew singled to right, Franco and Furcal scored, Jones to second. Jones popped out to second. LaRoche doubled to deep right, Jones and Drew scored. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Estrada singled to center, LaRoche scored. Derosa doubled to left, Estrada scored. Franco singled to left, Derosa scored. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Furcal struck out swinging. 11 Runs, 9 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Phillips fouled out to right. Spencer flied out to right. Wigginton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 5th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Giles fouled out to catcher. Jones walked. Drew flied out to left. Alfonseca pitching for Braves. Valent hit for Wheeler. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Alfonseca pitching for Braves. Valent popped out to shortstop. Matsui singled to right. Gutierrez walked, Matsui to second. Franco pitching for Mets. Floyd grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Gutierrez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Franco pitching for Mets. LaRoche grounded out to second. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. Hessman hit for Alfonseca. Derosa walked. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Hessman flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Piazza homered to center. Cameron struck out swinging. Phillips walked. Spencer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Phillips out at second. Wilson hit for Franco. Wigginton safe at first on error by second baseman Giles, Spencer to second. Wilson hit by pitch, Spencer to third, Wigginton to second. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Piazza at first base. Phillips catching. Moreno pitching for Mets. Matsui grounded out to pitcher. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 7th. Moreno pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to shortstop. Giles reached on infield single to third. Jones doubled to deep right, Giles to third. Drew popped out to second. Jones doubled to deep center, Giles and Jones scored. Wise in left field. McEwing hit for Gutierrez. LaRoche grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. McEwing reached on infield single to shortstop. Floyd struck out swinging. Piazza doubled to deep center, McEwing to third. Cameron hit sacrifice fly to right, McEwing scored, Piazza to third. McEwing at second base. Stanton pitching for Mets. Spencer in left field. Garcia in right field. Phillips grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Stanton pitching for Mets. Estrada singled to center. Garcia hit for Reitsma. Derosa singled to right, Estrada to second. Garcia singled to left, Estrada to third, Derosa to second. Furcal walked, Estrada scored, Derosa to third, Garcia to second. Giles hit sacrifice fly to right, Derosa scored, Garcia to third. Wise struck out looking. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Garcia at shortstop. Drew popped out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Spencer singled to center. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spencer out at second. Garcia homered to center, Wigginton scored. Matsui struck out swinging. McEwing struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 10 - Braves 18.	11-run 4th sends Braves past Mets in wild one