Mets - Top 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Matsui struck out swinging. Garcia flied out to right. Floyd doubled to deep left. Piazza grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Furcal flied out to center. Giles singled to center. Jones singled to center, Giles to third. Drew struck out looking. Jones flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cameron walked. Phillips lined out to center. Wigginton homered to right, Cameron scored. McEwing grounded out to shortstop. Wheeler struck out looking. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. LaRoche flied out to left. Estrada fouled out to catcher. Derosa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Matsui grounded out to shortstop. Garcia struck out looking. Floyd walked. Piazza grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Floyd out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Thomson struck out swinging. Furcal fouled out to second. Giles flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cameron singled to left. Cameron stole second. Phillips walked. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Phillips out at second, Cameron to third. McEwing grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. Wheeler pitching for Mets. Jones grounded out to first. Drew popped out to shortstop. Jones reached on infield single to third. LaRoche singled to right, Jones to third. Estrada doubled to deep left center, Jones and LaRoche scored. Derosa intentionally walked. Thomson flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Wheeler safe at first on error by second baseman Giles. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wheeler out at second. Garcia tripled to deep right, Matsui scored. Floyd hit sacrifice fly to center, Garcia scored. Piazza singled to center. Cameron struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. Weathers pitching for Mets. Furcal doubled to deep center. Giles singled to right, Furcal scored. Giles to second on passed ball by Piazza. Jones grounded out to second, Giles to third. Drew doubled to deep right, Giles scored. Jones singled to center, Drew scored. LaRoche struck out looking. Estrada singled to center, Jones to second. Cunnane pitching for Braves. Derosa struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 6th. Phillips doubled to deep center. Wigginton grounded out to third, Phillips to third. Valent hit for Weathers. McEwing singled to right, Phillips scored. Valent struck out swinging, McEwing stole second. Franco pitching for Mets. Garcia hit for Cunnane. Matsui struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Franco pitching for Mets. Garcia singled to right center. Furcal flied out to left, Garcia to second. Giles singled to center, Garcia scored, Giles to second on error by center fielder Cameron. Jones intentionally walked. Drew grounded into fielder's choice to second, Jones out at second, Giles to third. Franco hit for LaRoche. Jones walked, Drew to second. Franco walked, Giles scored, Drew to third, Jones to second. Estrada singled to left, Drew and Jones scored, Franco to second. Moreno pitching for Mets. Derosa safe at first on error by shortstop Matsui, Franco to third, Estrada to second. Franco at first base. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Garcia grounded out to shortstop. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 2 Errors. Mets - Top 7th. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Garcia walked. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Floyd walked, Garcia to second. Piazza singled to left, Garcia to third, Floyd to second. Cameron struck out swinging. Phillips popped out to second. Zeile hit for McEwing. Wigginton singled to center, Garcia and Floyd scored, Piazza to second. Piazza to third, Wigginton to second on wild pitch by Gryboski. Gutierrez at second base. Zeile grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Moreno pitching for Mets. Furcal walked. Giles singled to center, Furcal to second, Furcal to second, Furcal scored, Giles to third on error by right fielder Garcia. Jones struck out swinging. Drew struck out swinging. Spencer hit for Moreno. Jones popped out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Mets - Top 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Spencer singled to right center. Matsui grounded out to first, Spencer to second. Garcia reached on infield single to shortstop, Spencer to third. Floyd struck out swinging. Stanton pitching for Mets. Spencer in left field. Piazza struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Stanton pitching for Mets. Franco grounded out to third. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. Hessman hit for Reitsma. Derosa singled to center. Hessman popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Top 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Cameron homered to left center. Phillips grounded out to pitcher. Wigginton singled to center. Gutierrez struck out swinging. Spencer struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mets 8 - Braves 10.	With Erickson out, Braves slug past Mets again