Royals - Top 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Graffanino flied out to left. Beltran walked. Randa struck out swinging. Harvey fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 1st. May pitching for Royals. Furcal singled to left. Green singled to right, Furcal to third. Drew hit sacrifice fly to center, Furcal scored, Green to second on throwing error by center fielder Beltran. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at third. Jones struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Relaford grounded out to first. Stinnett flied out to center. Brown flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 2nd. May pitching for Royals. Marrero struck out swinging. Perez singled to center. Hessman flied out to right. Thomson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Berroa lined out to center. May grounded out to second. Graffanino grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 3rd. May pitching for Royals. Furcal popped out to first. Green grounded out to shortstop. Drew struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Beltran singled to left. Randa grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Beltran out at second. Harvey grounded out to third, Randa to second. Relaford homered to right, Randa scored. Stinnett singled to center. Brown grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 4th. May pitching for Royals. Jones flied out to left. Jones doubled to right center. Marrero grounded out to third. Perez flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Berroa grounded out to second. May safe at first on error by shortstop Furcal. Graffanino singled to center, May to second. Beltran struck out looking. Randa flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 5th. May pitching for Royals. Hessman grounded out to pitcher. Thomson singled to left. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomson out at second. Furcal to second on wild pitch by May. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 6th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Harvey grounded out to third. Relaford singled to right center. Stinnett grounded out to third, Relaford to second. Brown singled to center, Relaford scored. Brown caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Berroa batting. Anderson pitching for Royals. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Drew singled to right. Jones safe at first on error by shortstop Berroa, Drew to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second, Drew to third. Marrero grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Royals - Top 7th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Berroa singled to left. Anderson sacrificed to catcher, Berroa to second. Graffanino popped out to third. Beltran intentionally walked. Gryboski pitching for Braves. Randa doubled to deep left, Berroa and Beltran scored. Harvey intentionally walked. Relaford singled to right, Randa scored, Harvey to third. Stinnett singled to right, Harvey scored, Relaford to second. Brown singled to center, Relaford scored, Stinnett to second. Berroa flied out to right. 5 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 7th. Anderson pitching for Royals. Perez grounded out to shortstop. Derosa hit for Gryboski. Hessman homered to left. Derosa singled to center. Furcal grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Derosa scored, Furcal safe at second on error by shortstop Berroa. Green singled to center, Furcal scored. Drew flied out to center. Jackson hit for Anderson. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Green out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Royals - Top 8th. Nitkowski pitching for Braves. Jackson grounded out to third. Graffanino reached on bunt single to pitcher. Graffanino to second on wild pitch by Nitkowski. Beltran homered to left, Graffanino scored. Randa flied out to right. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Relaford at third base. Jackson in right field. Harvey grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Bottom 8th. Grimsley pitching for Royals. Jones singled to left. Marrero grounded into double play, third to second to first, Jones out at second. Cruz pitching for Braves. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Top 9th. Cruz pitching for Braves. Relaford fouled out to second. Stinnett safe at first on error by right fielder Drew. Brown struck out swinging. Seanez pitching for Royals. Seanez pitching for Royals. Berroa grounded into fielder's choice to third, Stinnett out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Braves - Bottom 9th. Wise hit for Cruz. Seanez pitching for Royals. Hessman lined out to center. Wise grounded out to first. Furcal fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Royals 10 - Braves 4.	Royals' May continues revival by toppling Braves