Braves - Top 1st. Leiter pitching for Mets. Furcal grounded out to third. Giles walked. Drew struck out looking, Giles stole second, Giles to third on throwing error by catcher Wilson. Jones struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Mets - Bottom 1st. Thomson pitching for Braves. Reyes singled to center. Reyes stole second, Reyes safe at third on throwing error by catcher Estrada. Matsui walked. Floyd walked, Matsui to second. Hidalgo grounded into double play, third to catcher to first, Reyes out at home, Matsui to third, Floyd to second. Wigginton popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Braves - Top 2nd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Franco walked. Jones grounded out to third, Franco to second. Estrada singled to right, Franco scored, Estrada out stretching at second. Marrero grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 2nd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cameron flied out to center. Wright singled to right center. Wilson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wright out at second. Leiter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 3rd. Leiter pitching for Mets. Thomson singled to center. Furcal sacrificed to catcher, Thomson to second. Giles walked. Drew singled to shallow left, Thomson to third, Giles to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to third, Thomson out at home, Giles to third, Drew to second. Franco grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 3rd. Thomson pitching for Braves. Reyes flied out to center. Matsui walked. Floyd walked, Matsui to second. Hidalgo singled to center, Matsui scored, Floyd to second. Wigginton grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hidalgo out at second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 4th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Jones hit ground rule double to deep center. Estrada grounded out to shortstop. Marrero struck out swinging. Thomson struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 4th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cameron flied out to center. Wright struck out looking. Wilson singled to left. Leiter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 5th. Leiter pitching for Mets. Furcal flied out to left. Giles lined out to left. Drew walked. Jones walked, Drew to second. Franco grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 5th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Reyes reached on bunt single to pitcher. Reyes stole second. Matsui grounded out to second, Reyes to third. Floyd doubled to right, Reyes scored. Hidalgo grounded out to shortstop. DeJean pitching for Mets. Wigginton grounded into fielder's choice to third, Floyd out at third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 6th. DeJean pitching for Mets. Jones struck out swinging. Estrada struck out swinging. Marrero doubled to deep center. Thomson grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 6th. Thomson pitching for Braves. Cameron flied out to center. Wright grounded out to shortstop. Wilson flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 7th. DeJean pitching for Mets. Furcal singled to left. Giles grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Furcal out at second. McEwing hit for DeJean. Drew grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 7th. Thomson pitching for Braves. McEwing singled to left. Reyes sacrificed to pitcher, McEwing to second. Matsui flied out to left. Floyd intentionally walked. Stanton pitching for Mets. McEwing in left field. Hidalgo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 8th. Stanton pitching for Mets. Jones singled to left. Thomas ran for Franco. Bottalico pitching for Mets. Franco doubled to center, Jones scored. Jones grounded out to third. Estrada intentionally walked. LaRoche hit for Thomson. Looper pitching for Mets. Marrero walked, Thomas to third, Estrada to second. LaRoche hit sacrifice fly to left, Thomas scored, Estrada to third. Furcal singled to right, Estrada scored, Marrero to second. Giles singled to right, Marrero scored, Furcal to third, Giles to second advancing on throw. Thomas in left field. Reitsma pitching for Braves. LaRoche at first base. Drew grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 8th. Reitsma pitching for Braves. Wigginton struck out swinging. Cameron flied out to right. Franco pitching for Mets. Wright struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Braves - Top 9th. Franco pitching for Mets. Jones grounded out to third. Thomas reached on infield single to second. Jones walked, Thomas to second. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Estrada grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Jones out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mets - Bottom 9th. Smoltz pitching for Braves. Wilson flied out to center. McEwing flied out to right. Reyes struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Braves 5 - Mets 2.	Mets bullpen fails again