Yankees - Top 1st . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Jeter struck out swinging . Johnson grounded out to third . Teixeira struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury singled to left center . Ellsbury stole second , Ellsbury safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posada . Pedroia lined out to second . Martinez walked . Youkilis hit sacrifice fly to center , Ellsbury scored . Ortiz grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 2nd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Cano singled to center . Posada walked , Cano to second . Swisher doubled to deep right , Cano scored , Posada to third . Thames walked . Granderson struck out swinging . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Thames out at second , Swisher to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Beltre singled to center . Drew struck out swinging . Cameron struck out swinging , Beltre stole second . Scutaro fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Johnson flied out to right . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury doubled to deep right . Pedroia lined out to center . Martinez homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Ellsbury scored . Youkilis struck out looking . Ortiz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Cano walked . Posada grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cano out at second . Swisher hit by pitch . Thames struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Beltre singled to center . Drew flied out to left . Cameron hit by pitch , Beltre to second . Scutaro grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Cameron out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Lester pitching for Red Sox . Granderson singled to right . Jeter singled to center , Granderson to third . Johnson hit by pitch , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson scored , Johnson out at second , Jeter to third . Rodriguez doubled to deep left , Jeter scored , Teixeira to third . Cano hit sacrifice fly to center , Teixeira scored , Rodriguez to third . Posada flied out to left . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury lined out to shortstop . Pedroia singled to right center . Martinez doubled to deep left center , Pedroia scored . Youkilis struck out looking . Ortiz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Delcarmen pitching for Red Sox . Swisher doubled to deep left center . Gardner hit for Thames . Gardner grounded out to second , Swisher to third . Granderson lined out to first . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 6th . Gardner in left field . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Beltre lined out to shortstop . Drew grounded out to first . Cameron safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Jeter . Scutaro grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cameron out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 7th . Bard pitching for Red Sox . Johnson walked . Teixeira flied out to left . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 7th . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Ellsbury grounded out to first . Pedroia flied out to center . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Okajima pitching for Red Sox . Posada hit ground rule double to deep right . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Gardner singled to shallow left . Granderson flied out to left . Jeter safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Scutaro , Posada to third , Gardner to second . Johnson walked , Posada scored , Gardner to third , Jeter to second . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Teixeira flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Youkilis singled to left . Marte pitching for Yankees . Ortiz flied out to center . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Beltre struck out swinging . Drew struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 9th . Atchison pitching for Red Sox . Rodriguez flied out to right . Cano homered to right ( 396 feet ) . Posada struck out swinging . Swisher struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Winn in right field . Cameron popped out to shortstop . Scutaro doubled to deep left . Ellsbury struck out looking . Pedroia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 6 - Red Sox 4 .	Scutaro flub helps Yanks top Red Sox \n\n