Yankees - Top 1st . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Jeter doubled to right . Johnson singled to left , Jeter scored , Johnson to second on error by left fielder Montanez . Teixeira grounded out to first , Johnson to third . Rodriguez hit sacrifice fly to center , Johnson scored . Cano lined out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jones bunt grounded out to third . Markakis doubled to deep left . Wigginton struck out swinging . Tejada reached on infield single to third , Markakis to third . Wieters struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Posada hit by pitch . Granderson singled to right center , Posada to second . Swisher tripled to deep center , Posada and Granderson scored . Gardner flied out to left . Jeter hit sacrifice fly to right , Swisher scored . Johnson struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Atkins reached on infield single to shortstop . Reimold grounded out to third , Atkins to second . Montanez flied out to left . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Teixeira flied out to left . Rodriguez lined out to left . Cano homered to right ( 403 feet ) . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Jones grounded out to second . Markakis reached on infield single to shortstop . Wigginton doubled to deep right , Markakis to third . Tejada grounded out to second , Markakis scored , Wigginton to third . Wieters struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Granderson struck out swinging . Swisher struck out looking . Gardner singled to left . Jeter grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . Reimold struck out swinging . Montanez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Guthrie pitching for Orioles . Johnson walked . Teixeira struck out swinging . Rodriguez flied out to right . Cano singled to right center , Johnson to third . Cervelli singled to center , Johnson scored , Cano to second . Granderson popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to left . Jones walked , Izturis to second . Markakis grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Jones out at second , Izturis to third . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Markakis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Swisher singled to right . Gardner singled to left , Swisher to third . Jeter singled to right , Swisher scored , Gardner to second . Johnson struck out looking . Teixeira lined out to left . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Jeter out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Tejada doubled to deep center . Wieters struck out swinging . Atkins singled to left , Tejada to third . Reimold hit sacrifice fly to right , Tejada scored . Montanez flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Meredith pitching for Orioles . Cano grounded out to second . Cervelli grounded out to second . Granderson singled to right . Swisher singled to right , Granderson to second . Gardner grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Izturis singled to right . Jones grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Izturis out at second . Markakis homered to center ( 402 feet ) . Wigginton flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Albers pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to second . Teixeira singled to right . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Tejada walked . Wieters flied out to left . Atkins lined out to right . Reimold singled to shallow right , Tejada to third . Scott grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Cano flied out to left . Cervelli singled to right . Granderson struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Izturis grounded out to second . Jones grounded out to pitcher . Markakis grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Orioles 3 .	CC , Yanks coast past O 's behind Cano , Swisher