Orioles - Top 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Lugo singled to right center . Wigginton struck out looking . Markakis grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Jeter grounded out to second . Johnson homered to right ( 411 feet ) . Teixeira flied out to right . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Tejada grounded out to pitcher . Atkins singled to right . Wieters singled to center , Atkins to second . Reimold grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Cano flied out to center . Swisher homered to right ( 401 feet ) . Gardner reached on infield single to second . Gardner stole second . Cervelli struck out swinging . Gardner to third on wild pitch by Hernandez . Winn struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Tatum grounded out to shortstop . Montanez grounded out to second . Lugo flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Jeter singled to right center . Johnson walked , Jeter to second . Teixeira walked , Jeter to third , Johnson to second . Rodriguez singled to center , Jeter scored , Johnson thrown out at home , Teixeira to second . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Wigginton popped out to second . Markakis singled to center . Tejada singled to left , Markakis to second . Atkins walked , Markakis to third , Tejada to second . Wieters struck out swinging . Reimold walked , Markakis scored , Tejada to third , Atkins to second . Tatum grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Orioles . Gardner walked . Cervelli reached on bunt single to third , Gardner to second . Winn sacrificed to third , Gardner to third , Cervelli to second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gardner scored , Cervelli out at third . Johnson walked , Jeter to second . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Teixeira doubled to deep right center , Jeter and Johnson scored . Rodriguez intentionally walked . Cano struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Montanez flied out to right . Lugo singled to center . Wigginton grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Swisher grounded out to shortstop . Gardner grounded out to shortstop . Cervelli fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Markakis grounded out to catcher . Tejada grounded out to third . Atkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Winn lined out to right . Jeter grounded out to first . Johnson doubled to deep center . Teixeira flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Wieters flied out to left . Reimold reached on infield single to shortstop . Tatum grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reimold out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Ohman pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to third . Cano grounded out to second . Swisher walked . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Montanez flied out to center . Lugo reached on infield single to shortstop . Wigginton homered to left ( 410 feet ) , Lugo scored . Marte pitching for Yankees . Markakis struck out swinging . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Tejada flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Simon pitching for Orioles . Cervelli flied out to right . Winn singled to right . Winn stole second . Jeter struck out swinging . Johnson reached on infield single to second , Winn scored on error by second baseman Wigginton . Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Atkins , Johnson to second . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Atkins flied out to center . Wieters homered to right ( 391 feet ) . Reimold homered to left ( 353 feet ) . Hughes hit for Tatum . Logan pitching for Yankees . Hughes walked . Montanez flied out to center . Hughes to second on fielder 's indifference . Lugo walked . Aceves pitching for Yankees . Wigginton flied out to right . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 5 - Yankees 7 .	Yanks finish sweep of O 's