Yankees - Top 1st . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Jeter walked . Swisher homered to center ( 412 feet ) , Jeter scored . Teixeira singled to right . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teixeira out at second . Cano singled to right , Rodriguez to second . Posada struck out looking . Granderson fouled out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lugo flied out to right . Tejada singled to right . Markakis popped out to first . Wigginton lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Cervelli grounded out to first . Gardner reached on infield single to third . Jeter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gardner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Scott singled to center . Jones flied out to left . Wieters singled to right , Scott to second . Montanez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Wieters out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Swisher struck out swinging . Teixeira singled to shallow right . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano singled to center , Teixeira to second . Posada walked , Teixeira to third , Cano to second . Granderson homered to right ( 382 feet ) , Teixeira , Cano and Posada scored . Cervelli grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Izturis lined out to right . Lugo flied out to center . Tejada fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Gardner struck out looking . Jeter struck out swinging . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Markakis singled to right . Wigginton singled to right , Markakis to second . Scott struck out swinging . Jones flied out to center . Wieters singled to center , Markakis scored , Wigginton to third . Montanez singled to center , Wigginton scored , Wieters to third . Izturis struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Teixeira walked . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teixeira out at second . Rodriguez to second on wild pitch by Millwood . Cano walked . Posada grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cano out at second , Rodriguez to third . Granderson fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lugo singled to right . Tejada grounded out to second , Lugo to second . Markakis fouled out to third . Wigginton singled to left , Lugo scored . Scott popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Millwood pitching for Orioles . Cervelli singled to right . Gardner grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cervelli out at second . Jeter singled to right , Gardner thrown out at third . Swisher singled to right , Jeter to second . Teixeira walked , Jeter to third , Swisher to second . Mata pitching for Orioles . Rodriguez grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Jones flied out to right . Wieters struck out looking . Montanez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Hendrickson pitching for Orioles . Cano singled to right . Cano to second on wild pitch by Hendrickson . Posada struck out swinging . Granderson singled to center , Cano to third . Granderson stole second . Cervelli walked . Gardner singled to shallow left center , Cano scored , Granderson to third , Cervelli to second . Albers pitching for Orioles . Jeter flied out to center . Swisher doubled to deep right , Granderson , Cervelli and Gardner scored . Teixeira homered to right center ( 417 feet ) , Swisher scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 6 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Pena at third base . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Izturis flied out to center . Lugo struck out looking . Tejada singled to left . Markakis struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Cano flied out to left . Posada walked . Granderson struck out swinging . Cervelli walked , Posada to second . Thames hit for Gardner . Thames popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Russo at third base . Pena at shortstop . Thames in left field . Gaudin pitching for Yankees . Wigginton flied out to right . Scott walked . Jones homered to center ( 402 feet ) , Scott scored . Wieters singled to right . Montanez grounded out to second , Wieters to second . Izturis flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Castillo pitching for Orioles . Russo flied out to center . Swisher safe at first on error by first baseman Wigginton . Teixeira struck out looking . Pena grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Gaudin pitching for Yankees . Lugo walked . Tejada singled to shallow left , Lugo to third . Markakis doubled to deep right , Lugo and Tejada scored . Wigginton flied out to left . Scott singled to right , Markakis to third . Jones struck out swinging . Wieters grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Scott out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 12 - Orioles 7 .	Granderson slam keys Yanks ' rout of Orioles