Yankees - Top 1st . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Jeter walked . Jeter stole second . Jeter safe at third on throwing error by catcher Martin . Granderson walked . Teixeira homered to right ( 397 feet ) , Jeter and Granderson scored . Rodriguez lined out to center . Cano struck out swinging . Swisher grounded out to first . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Furcal singled to left . Kemp struck out swinging . Ethier singled to left , Furcal to third . Ramirez hit ground rule double to deep right , Furcal scored , Ethier to third . Loney hit sacrifice fly to left , Ethier scored . Blake struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Gardner flied out to left . Burnett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Martin struck out looking . DeWitt walked . Kuroda sacrificed to first , DeWitt to second . Furcal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Jeter singled to right . Granderson singled to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Granderson out at second , Jeter to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Jeter scored , Teixeira out at second . Cano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Kemp walked . Ethier singled to center , Kemp to second . Kemp to third , Ethier to second on wild pitch by Burnett . Ramirez walked . Loney singled to right , Kemp and Ethier scored , Ramirez to second . Blake walked , Ramirez to third , Loney to second . Martin grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Ramirez scored , Blake out at second , Loney to third . DeWitt intentionally walked . Kuroda struck out looking . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Swisher struck out swinging , Swisher safe at first on wild pitch by Kuroda . Cervelli grounded out to third , Swisher to second . Gardner reached on infield single to first , Swisher to third . Burnett sacrificed to third , Gardner to second . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Yankees . Furcal reached on bunt single to third . Furcal stole second . Kemp walked . Logan pitching for Yankees . Ethier flied out to right . Ramirez walked , Furcal to third , Kemp to second . Loney singled to right , Furcal scored , Kemp thrown out at home , Ramirez to second . Blake doubled to deep right , Ramirez scored , Loney to third . Martin intentionally walked . DeWitt lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Granderson struck out swinging . Teixeira grounded out to shortstop . Rodriguez singled to center . Cano singled to left , Rodriguez to second . Swisher grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Logan pitching for Yankees . Kuroda struck out swinging . Furcal grounded out to second . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Kuroda pitching for Dodgers . Cervelli grounded out to third . Gardner singled to left . Curtis hit for Logan . Curtis walked , Gardner to second . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Jeter struck out swinging . Posada hit for Granderson . Posada flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Park pitching for Yankees . Gardner in center field . Curtis in left field . Ethier grounded out to second . Ramirez walked . Loney flied out to center . Blake grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Kuo pitching for Dodgers . Teixeira flied out to right . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ho Park pitching for Yankees . Martin singled to center . DeWitt sacrificed to pitcher , Martin to second . Anderson hit for Kuo . Anderson popped out to third . Furcal singled to right , Martin scored , Furcal to third on throwing error by right fielder Swisher . Kemp doubled to deep left , Furcal scored . Ethier grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Johnson in left field . Carroll at second base . Weaver pitching for Dodgers . Swisher doubled to deep right . Cervelli popped out to second . Gardner walked . Sherrill pitching for Dodgers . Huffman hit for Curtis . Huffman lined out to left . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Jeter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Huffman in left field . Carroll struck out looking . Loney grounded out to shortstop . Blake walked . Martin lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Pena hit for Robertson . Broxton pitching for Dodgers . Pena struck out swinging . Teixeira popped out to shortstop . Rodriguez walked . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Cano grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Dodgers 9 .	Dodgers snap skid , batter Burnett , Yankees