Blue Jays - Top 1st . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Lewis struck out swinging . Wise struck out swinging . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 1st . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Swisher flied out to left . Teixeira singled to left center . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Bautista popped out to second . Lind struck out swinging . Encarnacion grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 2nd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Cano grounded out to pitcher . Posada flied out to center . Granderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Overbay homered to center ( 433 feet ) . Molina flied out to left . McDonald walked . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McDonald out at second . Lewis stole second . Wise struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 3rd . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Gardner singled to left . Pena reached on infield single to third , Gardner to second . Jeter sacrificed into fielder 's choice to first , Gardner to third , Pena to second . Swisher flied out to left . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to right , Gardner scored , Pena to third . Rodriguez singled to left , Pena scored , Jeter to second . Cano popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez flied out to left . Bautista singled to center . Lind grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Bautista out at second . Encarnacion struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 4th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Posada walked . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Posada out at second . Gardner struck out swinging , Granderson to second on wild pitch by Morrow . Pena singled to center , Granderson scored . Pena stole second . Jeter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Overbay flied out to left . Molina flied out to center . McDonald singled to left . McDonald to second on wild pitch by Hughes . Lewis walked . Wise homered to right ( 393 feet ) , McDonald and Lewis scored . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 5th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Swisher singled to center . Teixeira doubled to deep center , Swisher thrown out at home , Teixeira to third advancing on throw . Rodriguez flied out to center , Teixeira thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Hughes pitching for Yankees . Bautista popped out to shortstop . Lind homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Encarnacion singled to center . Overbay lined out to left . Molina grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 6th . Morrow pitching for Blue Jays . Cano fouled out to left . Posada singled to center . Granderson struck out swinging . Gardner inside - the - park home run to deep center , Posada scored . Pena struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Marte pitching for Yankees . McDonald lined out to center . Cervelli catching . Lewis struck out swinging . Wise struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 7th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to left . Swisher singled to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira doubled to deep right , Jeter scored , Swisher to third . Rodriguez struck out swinging . Cano intentionally walked . Cervelli flied out to right , Swisher thrown out at home . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Gonzalez lined out to center . Bautista singled to left . Lind struck out swinging . Encarnacion flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 8th . Downs pitching for Blue Jays . Granderson struck out swinging . Gardner grounded out to pitcher . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Overbay singled to right . Molina struck out swinging . Buck hit for McDonald . Buck singled to center , Overbay to second . Green ran for Buck . Lewis grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at second , Overbay to third . Wise singled to center , Overbay scored , Lewis to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Wise out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 9th . Green at second base . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter flied out to center . Swisher reached on infield single to third . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Swisher out at second . Rodriguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 10th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Bautista singled to center . Lind walked , Bautista to second . Encarnacion bunted into double play , third to shortstop to second , Lind out at second , Bautista to third . Overbay intentionally walked . Molina struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Bottom 10th . Purcey pitching for Blue Jays . Cano walked . Cervelli sacrificed to pitcher , Cano to second . Granderson struck out swinging . Gardner walked . Thames hit for Pena . Thames singled to center , Cano scored , Gardner to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 6 - Yankees 7 .	Yankees win on Thames ' pinch - hit RBI in 10th