Yankees - Top 1st . Chen pitching for Royals . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . Swisher singled to left . Swisher caught stealing second , pitcher to first . Teixeira grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Blanco struck out swinging . Kendall singled to left . Butler flied out to center . Ka'aihue singled to center , Kendall to second . Betancourt flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Chen pitching for Royals . Rodriguez flied out to center . Cano walked . Thames popped out to second . Kearns singled to left , Cano to second . Granderson singled to center , Cano scored , Kearns to second . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Gordon flied out to left . Aviles grounded out to first . Maier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Chen pitching for Royals . Jeter reached on infield single to shortstop . Swisher singled to right , Jeter to third . Teixeira hit sacrifice fly to center , Jeter scored . Rodriguez struck out looking . Cano flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Bloomquist singled to center . Blanco grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Bloomquist out at second . Kendall singled to center , Blanco to second . Butler grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kendall out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Chen pitching for Royals . Thames struck out looking . Kearns homered to left ( 402 feet ) . Granderson doubled to deep right . Cervelli flied out to right . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Ka'aihue flied out to center . Betancourt grounded out to shortstop . Gordon doubled to deep center . Aviles singled to center , Gordon scored . Maier struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Betemit at third base . Maier in center field . Bloomquist in right field . Chen pitching for Royals . Swisher walked . Teixeira lined out to third . Rodriguez grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Swisher safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Aviles . Cano grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodriguez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 5th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Bloomquist singled to center . Bloomquist caught stealing second , catcher to second . Betemit grounded out to pitcher . Kendall popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Chen pitching for Royals . Thames singled to right . Texeira pitching for Royals . Kearns flied out to center . Granderson flied out to right . Cervelli grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Butler grounded out to second . Ka'aihue walked . Betancourt grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ka'aihue out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Texeira pitching for Royals . Jeter safe at first on error by third baseman Betemit . Swisher singled to right , Jeter to second . Teixeira flied out to center , Jeter to third . Rodriguez grounded out to third , Jeter scored , Swisher to second . Cano intentionally walked . Thames flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 7th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Gordon struck out swinging . Aviles grounded out to third . Maier popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Holland pitching for Royals . Kearns flied out to right . Granderson walked . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Granderson out at second . Jeter singled to right , Cervelli to second . Swisher struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Gardner in left field . Kearns in right field . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Bloomquist grounded out to shortstop . Betemit doubled to deep right center . Kendall flied out to center . Butler walked . Ka'aihue grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Soria pitching for Royals . Teixeira grounded out to pitcher . Rodriguez grounded out to second . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Sabathia pitching for Yankees . Betancourt grounded out to third . Gordon singled to center . Aviles singled to right , Gordon to second . Maier grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Aviles out at second , Gordon to third . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Maier to second on fielder 's indifference . Bloomquist doubled to deep right center , Gordon and Maier scored . Betemit reached on infield single to pitcher , Bloomquist to third . Getz ran for Betemit . Kendall struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Royals 3 .	Kearns homers to back CC as Yanks top Royals