Yankees - Top 1st . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter struck out swinging . Swisher popped out to second . Teixeira doubled to left . Rodriguez fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Snider homered to right ( 400 feet ) . Escobar singled to left . Bautista flied out to left , Escobar thrown out at second . Wells singled to left . Overbay lined out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cano grounded out to first . Thames popped out to second . Kearns grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Hill flied out to center . Lind grounded out to pitcher . Buck homered to right center ( 383 feet ) . McDonald doubled to left . McDonald to third on wild pitch by Vazquez . Snider singled to left , McDonald scored . Escobar fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cervelli singled to left center . Golson grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cervelli out at second . Jeter grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Golson out at second . Swisher singled to center , Jeter to second . Teixeira grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Jeter out at third , Swisher to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Bautista grounded out to third . Wells singled to center . Overbay grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Wells out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher . Cano grounded out to second . Thames singled to left center . Kearns grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Thames out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 4th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Hill walked . Lind singled to center , Hill to third . Buck grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Lind out at second . McDonald grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hill scored , Buck out at second . Snider grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Cervelli singled to left . Golson flied out to center . Jeter singled to left , Cervelli to second . Swisher struck out looking . Teixeira fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 5th . Vazquez pitching for Yankees . Escobar singled to left . Bautista grounded out to shortstop , Escobar to second . Wells popped out to second . Overbay walked . Hill homered to left ( 393 feet ) , Escobar and Overbay scored . Ring pitching for Yankees . Lind grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Cecil pitching for Blue Jays . Rodriguez homered to left ( 407 feet ) . Cano hit by pitch . Thames flied out to right . Kearns walked , Cano to second . Cervelli singled to right , Cano scored , Kearns to third . Golson singled to right center , Kearns scored , Cervelli to second . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter singled to right , Cervelli to third , Golson to second . Swisher grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Jeter out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 6th . Robertson pitching for Yankees . Buck singled to right . McDonald flied out to center . Snider grounded out to third , Buck to second . Escobar lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . Frasor pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira popped out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . Cano grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 7th . Chamberlain pitching for Yankees . Bautista flied out to right . Wells safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Rodriguez . Wells to second on wild pitch by Chamberlain . Wells stole third . Overbay struck out looking . Hill singled to right center , Wells scored . Lind struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Yankees - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Blue Jays . Thames grounded out to third . Kearns grounded out to second . Cervelli walked . Golson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Bottom 8th . Mitre pitching for Yankees . Buck struck out swinging . McDonald struck out swinging . Snider struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Carlson pitching for Blue Jays . Jeter walked . Swisher singled to center , Jeter to second . Gregg pitching for Blue Jays . Teixeira grounded out to first , Jeter to third , Swisher to second . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop , Jeter scored . Cano flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 4 - Blue Jays 8 .	Jays topple Yankees in Gaston 's home finale \n\n