Braves - Top 1st . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Inciarte struck out swinging . Swanson hit ground rule double to deep left . Freeman walked . García lined into double play , second to shortstop , Swanson doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Dickey pitching for Braves . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop . McCutchen grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marte out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 2nd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Markakis singled to center . Phillips singled to right , Markakis to third . Phillips stole second . Peterson struck out swinging . Suzuki intentionally walked . Dickey singled to right , Markakis and Phillips scored , Suzuki to third . Inciarte struck out swinging . Swanson walked , Dickey to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Dickey pitching for Braves . Polanco singled to shallow left . Jaso flied out to left . Cervelli singled to left , Polanco to second . Harrison flied out to right , Polanco to third . Mercer singled to right , Polanco scored , Cervelli to third . Kuhl safe at first on throwing error by third baseman García , Cervelli scored , Mercer to second . Frazier walked , Mercer to third , Kuhl to second . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 3rd . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . García safe at second on error by center fielder Marte . Markakis walked . Phillips grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Markakis out at second , García to third . Peterson tripled to deep center , García scored . Suzuki intentionally walked . Dickey batting . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Dickey pitching for Braves . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to deep center . Polanco to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Jaso safe at first on error by second baseman Phillips , Polanco scored . Cervelli grounded out to third , Jaso to second . Harrison singled to shallow left , Jaso scored , Harrison to second advancing on throw . Mercer intentionally walked . Kuhl grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Mercer out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Braves - Top 4th . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . Inciarte flied out to left . Swanson grounded out to second . Freeman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Frazier singled to left . Marte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Frazier out at second . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 5th . Kuhl pitching for Pirates . García grounded out to second . Markakis walked . Phillips hit by pitch , Markakis to second . Peterson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Phillips out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Polanco singled to center . Jaso struck out looking , Polanco stole second . Cervelli grounded out to pitcher , Polanco to third . Harrison popped out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 6th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Suzuki grounded out to pitcher . Dickey grounded out to pitcher . Inciarte singled to left . Swanson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Dickey pitching for Braves . Mercer struck out swinging . Hanson hit for Nicasio . Hanson reached on infield single to third . Hanson to second on wild pitch by Dickey . Frazier grounded out to pitcher . Hanson to third on passed ball by Suzuki . Marte walked . Hanson scored , Marte to second on passed ball by Suzuki . McCutchen walked . Krol pitching for Braves . Polanco singled to center , Marte scored , McCutchen to third , Polanco out stretching at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 7th . Rivero pitching for Pirates . Freeman grounded out to pitcher . García singled to right . Markakis grounded into double play , shortstop to first , García out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Krol pitching for Braves . Jaso fouled out to third . Cervelli struck out looking . Harrison grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 8th . Hudson pitching for Pirates . Phillips doubled to deep center . Peterson reached on bunt single to third , Phillips to third . Suzuki hit sacrifice fly to center , Phillips scored . Flowers hit for Krol . Flowers singled to left , Peterson to second . Bonifacio ran for Flowers . Inciarte flied out to left . Swanson flied out to right . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Ramírez pitching for Braves . Mercer grounded out to pitcher . Bell hit for Hudson . Bell flied out to left . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Freeman reached on infield single to shortstop . García grounded out to second , Freeman to second . Markakis hit by pitch . Phillips popped out to first . d'Arnaud hit for Peterson . d'Arnaud struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Braves 4 - Pirates 6 .	Polanco and Pirates get to erratic Dickey , top Braves 6 - 4