Pirates - Top 1st . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Harrison struck out swinging . Mercer struck out swinging . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Toles reached on infield single to pitcher . Seager safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Williams , Toles to second . Turner flied out to center . Bellinger walked , Toles to third , Seager to second . Pederson singled to shallow right , Toles scored , Seager to third , Bellinger to second . Taylor homered to center , Seager , Bellinger and Pederson scored . Grandal grounded out to first . Puig homered to left . Wood struck out looking . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 2nd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Polanco struck out swinging . Osuna grounded out to first . Bell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Toles grounded out to shortstop . Seager lined out to left . Turner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Cervelli walked . Moroff struck out swinging . Williams struck out swinging . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cervelli out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Bellinger popped out to catcher . Pederson reached on infield single to shortstop . Taylor singled to right , Pederson to third , Taylor to second advancing on throw . Grandal doubled to shallow right , Pederson and Taylor scored . Puig lined out to third . Wood grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Mercer struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out looking . Polanco singled to center . Osuna grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Lindblom pitching for Pirates . Bostick in left field . Toles singled to right center . Seager singled to right , Toles to third . Turner singled to center , Toles scored , Seager to second . Bellinger grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Turner out at second , Seager to third . Pederson doubled to left center , Seager scored , Bellinger to third . Taylor popped out to second . Grandal grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Hernández at shortstop . Wood pitching for Dodgers . Bell safe at first on error by shortstop Hernández . Cervelli singled to left , Bell to second . Moroff struck out swinging . Bostick struck out looking . Harrison struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Lindblom pitching for Pirates . Puig grounded out to third . Wood struck out looking . Toles flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Mercer singled to right . Hanson ran for Mercer . McCutchen doubled to deep left , Hanson to third . Lindblom struck out swinging . Osuna singled to center , Hanson scored , McCutchen to third . Bell struck out swinging . Cervelli struck out looking . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Hanson at shortstop . Lindblom pitching for Pirates . Hernández walked . Utley hit for Turner . Utley fouled out to third . Bellinger popped out to shortstop . Pederson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Hernández at third base . Utley at second base . Taylor at shortstop . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Moroff struck out looking . Bostick struck out swinging . Harrison grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Ngoepe at third base . Stewart catching . Lindblom pitching for Pirates . Taylor walked . Grandal singled to right , Taylor to second . Puig singled to left , Taylor to third , Grandal to second . Stripling struck out swinging . Toles struck out swinging . Hernández doubled to left , Taylor and Grandal scored , Puig to third . Utley walked . Bellinger flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Stripling pitching for Dodgers . Hanson grounded out to pitcher . McCutchen walked . Jaso hit for Lindblom . Jaso grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , McCutchen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hudson pitching for Pirates . Pederson struck out looking . Taylor singled to left . Grandal grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Taylor out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 9th . Liberatore pitching for Dodgers . Osuna grounded out to shortstop . Bell grounded out to third . Stewart struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 1 - Dodgers 12 .	Taylor hits grand slam in first , Dodgers pound Pirates 12 - 1