Pirates - Top 1st . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Frazier singled to right . Harrison sacrificed to third , Frazier to second . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Frazier out at third , McCutchen to second . Polanco grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Blanco flied out to left . Peralta singled to right . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Lamb singled to right center , Peralta to third . Tom치s walked , Lamb to second . Drury grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Freese struck out looking . Bell doubled to left . Cervelli lined out to right . Mercer intentionally walked . Williams struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Ahmed homered to left ( 355 feet ) . Mathis doubled to center . Walker grounded out to third , Mathis to third . Blanco fouled out to third . Peralta struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Frazier grounded out to second . Harrison grounded out to third . McCutchen grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt grounded out to second . Lamb grounded out to pitcher . Tom치s struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Polanco reached on infield single to third . Freese singled to center , Polanco to third . Bell walked , Freese to second . Cervelli grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Polanco scored , Bell out at second , Freese to third . Mercer intentionally walked . Williams safe at first on error by second baseman Drury , Freese scored , Mercer to second . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Drury struck out swinging . Ahmed popped out to shortstop . Mathis grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Harrison doubled to center , Harrison to third on throwing error by center fielder Blanco . McCutchen doubled to left , Harrison scored . Polanco grounded out to second , McCutchen to third . Freese struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to second . Peralta flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Walker pitching for Diamondbacks . Cervelli singled to right . Mercer grounded out to second , Cervelli to second . Jaso hit for Williams . Jaso singled to right , Cervelli scored . Jaso stole second . Frazier flied out to left . Jaso to third on wild pitch by Walker . Harrison grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Goldschmidt lined out to center . Lamb walked . Tom치s lined into double play , third to first , Lamb doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Wilhelmsen pitching for Diamondbacks . McCutchen struck out swinging . Polanco lined out to right . Freese struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Osuna at first base . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Drury singled to center . Drury to second on wild pitch by Nicasio . Ahmed grounded out to second , Drury to third . Mathis reached on infield single to first . Owings hit for Wilhelmsen . Harrison at third base . Rivero pitching for Pirates . Ngoepe at second base . Owings fouled out to first . Pollock hit for Blanco . Pollock fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Pollock in center field . Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks . Osuna struck out swinging . Cervelli grounded out to second . Mercer struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Vazquez pitching for Pirates . Peralta grounded out to shortstop . Goldschmidt homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Lamb struck out swinging . Tom치s struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks . Ngoepe grounded out to third . Frazier grounded out to first . Harrison singled to left . McCutchen grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harrison out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Drury grounded out to second . Ahmed homered to right ( 367 feet ) . Mathis flied out to center . Descalso hit for Delgado . Descalso walked . Herrmann ran for Descalso . Pollock popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 4 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Williams has strong start , Pirates snap 6 - game skid