Phillies - Top 1st . Nova pitching for Pirates . Hernández singled to left . Galvis doubled to deep right , Hernández to third . Altherr grounded out to shortstop , Hernández scored , Galvis to third . Joseph popped out to second . Herrera grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Frazier grounded out to second . Harrison struck out swinging . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 2nd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Franco grounded out to third . Saunders struck out swinging . Rupp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Bell struck out swinging . Freese singled to center . Jaso grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Freese out at second . Cervelli fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 3rd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Velasquez singled to right . Hernández grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Velasquez out at second . Galvis singled to left . Altherr struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Nova struck out swinging . Frazier singled to right . Harrison walked , Frazier to second . McCutchen singled to right , Frazier scored , Harrison to second , Harrison to third on error by right fielder Saunders . Bell struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 4th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Joseph grounded out to third . Herrera safe at first on error by second baseman Harrison . Franco grounded into double play , third to second to first , Herrera out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Freese homered to left ( 336 feet ) . Jaso flied out to center . Cervelli singled to right . Mercer grounded out to pitcher , Cervelli to second . Nova struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 5th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Saunders struck out swinging . Rupp grounded out to third . Velasquez singled to right . Hernández lined out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Frazier grounded out to shortstop . Harrison lined out to left . McCutchen lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 6th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Galvis grounded out to first . Altherr grounded out to third . Joseph lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Velasquez pitching for Phillies . Bell grounded out to second . Freese walked . Jaso singled to right , Freese to second . Cervelli singled to left , Freese and Jaso scored , Cervelli to second advancing on throw . Leiter pitching for Phillies . Mercer walked . Nova grounded out to shortstop , Cervelli to third , Mercer to second . Frazier singled to left , Cervelli and Mercer scored , Frazier to second advancing on throw . Harrison walked . Frazier stole third , Harrison stole second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Top 7th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Herrera grounded out to second . Franco singled to right . Saunders grounded out to shortstop , Franco to second . Rupp singled to center , Franco scored . Stassi hit for Leiter . Stassi lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . García pitching for Phillies . Bell flied out to left . Freese struck out looking . Jaso flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 8th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Hernández reached on bunt single to pitcher . Galvis grounded out to pitcher , Hernández to second . Altherr doubled to deep right , Hernández scored . Nicasio pitching for Pirates . Jaso at first base . Ortiz in right field . Joseph grounded out to pitcher , Altherr to third . Herrera grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Blanco at first base . Cervelli struck out looking . Mercer walked . Ortiz flied out to left . Frazier singled to shallow left , Mercer to second . Harrison grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Frazier out at second . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Top 9th . Watson pitching for Pirates . Ngoepe at second base . Franco flied out to right . Saunders grounded out to pitcher . Rupp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Phillies 3 - Pirates 6 .	Nova wins for first time in May as Pirates beat Phillies 6 - 3