Giants - Top 1st . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Pagan grounded out to third . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Zito pitching for Giants . Gordon walked . Gordon caught stealing second , catcher to second . Ellis grounded out to second . Kemp singled to right . Ethier reached on infield single to second , Kemp to second . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ethier out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 2nd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Posey walked . Pill struck out looking . Arias flied out to center . Posey to second on wild pitch by Lilly . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Zito pitching for Giants . Abreu doubled to left . Uribe fouled out to third . Ellis lined out to center . Lilly struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 3rd . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Gillaspie grounded out to shortstop . Zito singled to left . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Zito out at second . Pagan to second on passed ball by Ellis . Pagan stole third . Theriot walked . Cabrera grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Zito pitching for Giants . Gordon bunt grounded out to pitcher . Ellis doubled to left . Kemp intentionally walked . Ethier walked , Ellis to third , Kemp to second . Rivera grounded out to second , Ellis scored , Kemp to third , Ethier to second . Abreu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 4th . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Posey flied out to right . Pill struck out swinging . Arias singled to center . Sanchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Zito pitching for Giants . Uribe struck out swinging . Ellis lined out to pitcher . Lilly struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 5th . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Gillaspie flied out to right . Zito grounded out to shortstop . Pagan safe at first on error by shortstop Gordon , Pagan to second on throwing error by shortstop Gordon . Theriot flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 2 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Zito pitching for Giants . Gordon flied out to left . Ellis flied out to right . Kemp singled to left . Ethier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Giants - Top 6th . Lilly pitching for Dodgers . Cabrera singled to center , Cabrera to second on error by center fielder Kemp . Posey struck out looking . Pill flied out to left . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Lilly . Arias singled to right center , Cabrera scored . Sanchez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Zito pitching for Giants . Rivera grounded out to third . Abreu reached on infield single to third . Uribe walked , Abreu to second . Ellis doubled to deep right , Abreu scored , Uribe to third . Gwynn hit for Lilly . Gwynn reached on bunt single to third , Uribe scored on throwing error by third baseman Gillaspie . Gordon grounded out to second , Ellis to third , Gwynn to second . Ellis lined out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 7th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Gwynn in left field . Gillaspie grounded out to pitcher . Schierholtz hit for Zito . Schierholtz singled to left . Pagan grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Schierholtz out at second . Theriot grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Kemp doubled to right . Ethier flied out to center . Rivera grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kemp scored , Rivera to second on throwing error by pitcher Edlefsen . Loney hit for Belisario . Loney grounded out to shortstop , Rivera to third . Uribe flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Giants - Top 8th . Lindblom pitching for Dodgers . Rivera in left field . Loney at first base . Gwynn in center field . Cabrera singled to left . Posey flied out to left . Pill flied out to left . Arias doubled to deep center , Cabrera to third . Sanchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Edlefsen pitching for Giants . Ellis singled to right . Blackley pitching for Giants . Blanco in left field . Gwynn sacrificed to catcher , Ellis to second , Gwynn safe at first on error by first baseman Posey . Gordon reached on bunt single to third , Ellis to third , Gwynn to second . Ellis walked , Ellis scored , Gwynn to third , Gordon to second . Kennedy hit for Lindblom . Kennedy singled to right , Gwynn scored , Gordon to third , Ellis to second . Ethier singled to left , Gordon and Ellis scored , Kennedy to second . Kennedy to third , Ethier to second on wild pitch by Blackley . Rivera grounded out to shortstop , Kennedy scored . Loney grounded out to first , Ethier to third . Uribe grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Giants - Top 9th . Elbert pitching for Dodgers . Huff hit for Gillaspie . Huff flied out to center . Blanco singled to center . Pagan struck out swinging , Blanco to second on wild pitch by Elbert . Theriot grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Giants 1 - Dodgers 9 .	Dodgers roll to error - filled victory