Dodgers - Top 1st . Correia pitching for Pirates . Victorino flied out to center . Uribe flied out to center . Kemp grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Marte lined out to first . Snider struck out looking . McCutchen grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Correia pitching for Pirates . Ethier lined out to pitcher . Ramirez grounded out to second . Loney grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Jones doubled to deep right . Walker struck out swinging . Alvarez walked . Barajas lined into double play , third to second , Jones doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Correia pitching for Pirates . Cruz singled to left . Ellis walked , Cruz to second . Billingsley sacrificed to catcher , Cruz to third , Ellis to second . Victorino grounded out to second , Cruz scored , Ellis to third . Uribe grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Barmes flied out to center . Correia reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Correia out at second . Snider doubled to deep right , Marte to third . McCutchen struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Correia pitching for Pirates . Kemp reached on infield single to shortstop . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Kemp safe at second on error by second baseman Walker . Ramirez reached on infield single to third , Kemp to third , Ethier to second . Loney grounded out to first , Kemp scored , Ethier to third , Ramirez to second . Cruz singled to left center , Ethier and Ramirez scored . Ellis struck out swinging . Billingsley struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Jones grounded out to first . Walker grounded out to second . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Correia pitching for Pirates . Victorino struck out swinging . Uribe flied out to right . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Barajas flied out to center . Barmes grounded out to third . Correia safe at first on error by shortstop Ramirez . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Correia out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 6th . Correia pitching for Pirates . Ethier flied out to center . Ramirez singled to left . Loney singled to left , Ramirez to second . Cruz singled to center , Ramirez scored , Loney to third . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center , Loney scored , Cruz to second . Billingsley grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Snider grounded out to shortstop . McCutchen flied out to right . Jones flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Victorino flied out to right . Uribe grounded out to shortstop . Kemp flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Walker singled to center . Alvarez grounded out to pitcher , Walker to second . Barajas grounded out to third . Barmes popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Locke pitching for Pirates . Ethier grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to shortstop . Loney reached on infield single to second . Cruz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Harrison hit for Locke . Billingsley pitching for Dodgers . Harrison lined out to second . Marte singled to right center . Sanchez hit for Snider . Marte stole second . Sanchez flied out to right , Marte to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Sanchez at first base . Jones in right field . Qualls pitching for Pirates . Ellis grounded out to shortstop . Kennedy hit for Billingsley . Kennedy reached on infield single to third . Victorino singled to right , Kennedy to second . Kennedy to third , Victorino to second on passed ball by Barajas . Uribe walked . Kemp reached on infield single to pitcher , Kennedy scored , Victorino to third , Uribe to second . Ethier singled to left , Victorino and Uribe scored , Kemp to second , Kemp to third , Ethier to second on throwing error by pitcher Qualls . Resop pitching for Pirates . Ramirez doubled to left , Kemp and Ethier scored . Loney popped out to shortstop . Cruz lined out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 9th . Tolleson pitching for Dodgers . Jones flied out to center . Walker flied out to right . Alvarez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 11 - Pirates 0 .	Billingsley dominant as Dodgers rout Pirates