Dodgers - Top 1st . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out swinging , Ellis safe at first on wild pitch by Chatwood . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Ellis out at second . Victorino stole second . Kemp walked . Gonzalez lined into double play , second to shortstop , Victorino doubled off second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Colvin grounded out to second . Rutledge tripled to deep center . Pacheco doubled to right center , Rutledge scored . Rosario singled to center , Pacheco scored . Victorino in center field . Rivera in left field . Rosario to second on wild pitch by Capuano . Nelson grounded out to third . Brown singled to left , Rosario scored , Brown to second advancing on throw . LeMahieu doubled to right center , Brown scored . Blackmon grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ramirez grounded out to second . Ethier doubled to left . Kennedy singled to center , Ethier to third . Ellis hit sacrifice fly to center , Ethier scored . Capuano grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Chatwood flied out to center . Colvin struck out swinging . Rutledge grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ellis lined out to shortstop . Victorino grounded out to second . Rivera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Pacheco flied out to left . Rosario homered to left ( 384 feet ) . Nelson lined out to center . Brown doubled to right . LeMahieu lined out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez walked . Ramirez singled to right , Gonzalez to second . Ethier singled to right , Gonzalez to third , Ramirez to second . Kennedy grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Gonzalez scored , Ethier out at second , Ramirez to third . Ellis intentionally walked . Capuano struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon doubled to deep center . Chatwood sacrificed to third , Blackmon to third . Colvin singled to left , Blackmon scored . Rutledge flied out to left . Pacheco fouled out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Chatwood pitching for Rockies . Ellis grounded out to second . Victorino struck out swinging . Rivera singled to left . Rivera out at second on runner 's fielder 's choice . Gonzalez batting . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Rosario grounded out to third . Nelson struck out swinging . Brown struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Ramirez grounded out to second . Ethier grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . LeMahieu grounded out to pitcher . Blackmon singled to right . Blackmon picked off first . Reynolds grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Reynolds pitching for Rockies . Kennedy flied out to center . Torres pitching for Rockies . Ellis struck out swinging . Punto hit for Capuano . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Colvin grounded out to third . Rutledge doubled to deep right . Pacheco singled to right , Rutledge to third . Rosario singled to center , Rutledge scored , Pacheco to third . Nelson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Pacheco scored , Rosario out at second . Brown singled to center , Nelson to second . LeMahieu grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Brown out at second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Herrera at shortstop . Torres pitching for Rockies . Ellis doubled to deep center . Victorino grounded out to second , Ellis to third . Rivera hit sacrifice fly to left , Ellis scored . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Wall pitching for Dodgers . Blackmon flied out to center . Torres lined out to right . Colvin grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Rockies . Ramirez homered to right center ( 411 feet ) . Ethier grounded out to second . Kennedy walked . Betancourt pitching for Rockies . Ellis flied out to center . Cruz hit for Wall . Kennedy to second on fielder 's indifference . Cruz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Rockies 8 .	Rockies keep rolling by again dropping Dodgers