Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Young doubled to deep center . Hill sacrificed to third , Young to third . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at home , Upton to second . Kubel flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to right . Victorino popped out to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt grounded out to third . Montero flied out to right . Johnson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp homered to right ( 372 feet ) . Ramirez flied out to center . Ethier singled to center . Cruz singled to right , Ethier to second . Treanor grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Cruz out at second , Ethier to third . Capuano bunt grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . McDonald homered to left ( 390 feet ) . Miley struck out swinging . Young lined out to second . Hill popped out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Ellis flied out to center . Victorino flied out to center . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Upton flied out to right . Kubel struck out swinging . Goldschmidt singled to right . Montero homered to right ( 387 feet ) , Goldschmidt scored . Johnson struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp flied out to center . Ramirez singled to left . Ethier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ramirez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . McDonald struck out swinging . Miley lined out to left . Young grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to third . Treanor walked . Rivera hit for Capuano . Rivera fouled out to first . Ellis singled to right , Treanor to second . Victorino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ellis out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Guerra pitching for Dodgers . Hill walked . Upton grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Hill out at second . Kubel grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Upton out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out looking . Kemp walked . Ramirez doubled to left , Kemp to third . Ethier grounded out to second , Kemp scored , Ramirez to third . Cruz flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Tolleson pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt singled to left . Montero singled to left , Goldschmidt to second . Johnson sacrificed to catcher , Goldschmidt to third , Montero to second . McDonald reached on infield single to pitcher , Goldschmidt scored , Montero to third . Miley bunted into fielder 's choice to first , Montero out at home , McDonald to second . Young grounded into fielder 's choice to third , McDonald out at third , Miley to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Miley pitching for Diamondbacks . Treanor struck out swinging . Ellis hit for Tolleson . Ellis doubled to deep left . Ellis flied out to right . Victorino singled to center , Ellis scored . Gonzalez doubled to center , Victorino to third . Ziegler pitching for Diamondbacks . Kemp grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Guerrier pitching for Dodgers . Hill struck out swinging . Upton flied out to right . Kubel flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Hernandez pitching for Diamondbacks . Ramirez popped out to first . Ethier walked . Cruz flied out to left . Kennedy hit for Treanor . Kennedy popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Federowicz catching . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Goldschmidt struck out swinging . Montero struck out swinging . Johnson doubled to left . McDonald struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Putz pitching for Diamondbacks . Abreu hit for Belisario . Abreu struck out swinging . Ellis singled to left . Victorino walked , Ellis to second . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Ellis and Victorino scored . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 4 - Dodgers 5 .	Gonzalez 's double in 9th gives Dodgers win