Dodgers - Top 1st . Kelly pitching for Padres . Punto singled to left center . Ethier flied out to left . Kemp grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Punto out at second . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 1st . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Denorfia grounded out to second . Maybin struck out swinging . Headley reached on infield single to third . Headley stole second . Grandal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Kelly pitching for Padres . Ramirez struck out swinging . Victorino grounded out to first . Cruz doubled to deep left . Ellis grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cruz out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 2nd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Guzman walked . Alonso doubled to deep right , Guzman to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . Parrino walked . Kelly grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Parrino out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Kelly pitching for Padres . Capuano struck out swinging . Punto walked . Ethier struck out swinging . Kemp struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 3rd . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Denorfia grounded out to shortstop . Maybin grounded out to third . Headley lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Kelly pitching for Padres . Gonzalez singled to right . Ramirez struck out swinging . Victorino flied out to right . Cruz singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Ellis singled to left , Gonzalez scored , Cruz to second . Capuano flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 4th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Grandal grounded out to shortstop . Guzman lined out to left . Alonso reached on bunt single to third . Cabrera grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Alonso out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 5th . Kelly pitching for Padres . Punto struck out looking . Ethier grounded out to second . Kemp doubled to deep left center . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Ramirez hit by pitch , Kemp to third , Gonzalez to second . Victorino hit by pitch , Kemp scored , Gonzalez to third , Ramirez to second . Vincent pitching for Padres . Cruz singled to center , Gonzalez and Ramirez scored , Victorino to second . Ellis singled to left center , Victorino scored , Cruz to third . Capuano struck out looking . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 5th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Parrino walked . Solis hit for Vincent . Solis fouled out to catcher . Denorfia singled to right , Parrino to second . Maybin grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Denorfia out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Mikolas pitching for Padres . Punto grounded out to pitcher . Ethier grounded out to first . Kemp doubled to left . Gonzalez singled to right center , Kemp scored . Ramirez grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 6th . Capuano pitching for Dodgers . Headley walked . Grandal singled to left , Headley to second . Headley to third , Grandal to second on wild pitch by Capuano . Guzman fouled out to first . Rodriguez pitching for Dodgers . Alonso struck out swinging . Cabrera reached on infield single to catcher . Quentin hit for Parrino . Wright pitching for Dodgers . Quentin hit by pitch , Headley scored , Grandal to third , Cabrera to second . Richard ran for Quentin . Amarista hit for Mikolas . Amarista grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Richard out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Brach pitching for Padres . Amarista at second base . Victorino lined out to shortstop . Cruz flied out to center . Ellis flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 7th . Jansen pitching for Dodgers . Denorfia flied out to center . Maybin walked . Headley flied out to center . Grandal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Maybin out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 8th . Layne pitching for Padres . Herrera hit for Jansen . Herrera singled to center . Punto singled to right center , Herrera to second . Ethier grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Punto out at second , Herrera to third . Kemp safe at first on error by second baseman Amarista , Herrera scored , Ethier to second . Gonzalez lined out to first , Ethier to third , Kemp to second on throwing error by first baseman Alonso . Ramirez struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Padres - Bottom 8th . Belisario pitching for Dodgers . Guzman struck out looking . Alonso doubled to deep right . Cabrera walked . Kotsay hit for Layne . Kotsay doubled to deep center , Alonso and Cabrera scored . Amarista struck out looking . Venable hit for Denorfia . Venable singled to center , Kotsay scored . Maybin struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Venable in right field . Burns pitching for Padres . Victorino doubled to deep right . Cruz grounded out to shortstop , Victorino to third . Ellis struck out swinging . Abreu hit for Belisario . Victorino scored on Burns ' wild pitch . Abreu singled to right . Abreu stole second . Punto grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Padres - Bottom 9th . League pitching for Dodgers . Headley fouled out to left . Grandal singled to left . Guzman grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grandal out at second , Guzman to second on throwing error by shortstop Ramirez . Alonso walked . Cabrera flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Dodgers 8 - Padres 4 .	Capuano , better bats key Dodgers