Twins - Top 1st. May pitching for Royals. Ryan singled to right. Rivas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ryan out at second. Mientkiewicz struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 1st. Greisinger pitching for Twins. Graffanino grounded out to shortstop. Beltran flied out to center. Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 2nd. May pitching for Royals. Koskie flied out to center. Ford popped out to third. Jones grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 2nd. Greisinger pitching for Twins. Stairs grounded out to shortstop. Randa doubled to right center. Harvey reached on infield single to second, Randa scored. Santiago flied out to center. DeJesus popped out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 3rd. May pitching for Royals. Cuddyer walked. Bowen grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Cuddyer out at second. Guzman singled to center. Ryan tripled to deep right, Guzman scored. Rivas grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 3rd. Greisinger pitching for Twins. Blanco grounded out to second. Graffanino struck out swinging. Beltran homered to right. Gonzalez safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman. Stairs struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Top 4th. May pitching for Royals. Mientkiewicz popped out to third. Koskie singled to left. Koskie stole second. Ford grounded out to third, Koskie to third. Jones flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 4th. Greisinger pitching for Twins. Randa singled to right. Harvey flied out to right. Santiago singled to center, Randa to third. DeJesus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Santiago out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 5th. May pitching for Royals. Cuddyer flied out to right. Bowen walked. Camp pitching for Royals. Guzman reached on infield single to second, Bowen to second. Ryan grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Guzman out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 5th. Greisinger pitching for Twins. Blanco struck out looking. Graffanino singled to center. Graffanino stole second. Beltran tripled to deep right, Graffanino scored. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Stairs walked. Randa flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 6th. Camp pitching for Royals. Rivas grounded out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz grounded out to first. Koskie flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 6th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Harvey singled to right. Santiago safe at first on error by shortstop Guzman, Harvey to second. DeJesus sacrificed to first, Harvey to third, Santiago to second. Blanco walked. Graffanino singled to center, Harvey and Santiago scored, Blanco to second. Beltran grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Graffanino out at second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 7th. Camp pitching for Royals. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Jones grounded out to second. Roa pitching for Twins. Cuddyer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 7th. Roa pitching for Twins. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Stairs homered to right. Randa grounded out to pitcher. Harvey singled to center. Santiago grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Harvey out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Top 8th. Guiel in left field. DeJesus in right field. Camp pitching for Royals. Bowen singled to right. Guzman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bowen out at second. Pulido pitching for Twins. Ryan grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Royals - Bottom 8th. Pulido pitching for Twins. DeJesus safe at second on error by first baseman Mientkiewicz. Blanco singled to right, DeJesus to third. Graffanino singled to center, DeJesus scored, Blanco to second. Beltran popped out to first. Gonzalez doubled to deep left, Blanco scored, Graffanino to third. Guiel singled to right, Graffanino scored, Gonzalez to third. Randa hit sacrifice fly to center, Gonzalez scored. Harvey struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Top 9th. Lopez at third base. Field pitching for Royals. Punto hit for Mientkiewicz. Rivas grounded out to shortstop. Offerman hit for Koskie. Punto flied out to left. Offerman lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Twins 1 - Royals 10.	Royal perogative: Beltran helps KC rout Twins