Mariners - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Suzuki safe at first on error by third baseman Koskie. Spiezio lined out to center. Boone singled to right, Suzuki to second. Ibanez struck out swinging. Martinez singled to center, Suzuki scored, Boone to third. Olerud flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 1st. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Stewart grounded out to third. Guzman singled to left. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Guzman to third. Koskie grounded out to third, Guzman scored, Mientkiewicz to second. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Aurilia flied out to right. Wilson singled to center. Winn reached on infield single to second, Wilson to second. Suzuki flied out to left. Spiezio flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Jones struck out looking. Ford walked. Cuddyer at third base. Blanco grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Ford out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Boone singled to center. Ibanez flied out to left. Martinez popped out to first. Olerud grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Boone out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Rivas doubled to right. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Guzman flied out to right, Rivas to third. Mientkiewicz grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Aurilia singled to center. Wilson flied out to right. Winn singled to left, Aurilia to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Winn out at second, Aurilia to third. Spiezio singled to right, Aurilia scored, Suzuki to second. Boone grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Spiezio out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer fouled out to second. Hunter hit by pitch. Jones lined out to right. Ford reached on infield single to shortstop, Hunter to second. Blanco grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Ibanez singled to right. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Olerud lined into double play, shortstop to first, Ibanez doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Rivas tripled to deep right center. Stewart flied out to right. Guzman grounded out to second. Mientkiewicz flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Aurilia singled to center. Wilson singled to left, Aurilia to second. Winn grounded into fielder's choice to catcher, Aurilia out at third, Wilson to second. Suzuki grounded into fielder's choice to second, Winn out at second, Wilson to third. Spiezio struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer struck out swinging. Hunter homered to left. Jones grounded out to first. Ford grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Silva pitching for Twins. Boone struck out swinging. Ibanez lined out to center. Martinez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Pineiro pitching for Mariners. Blanco struck out swinging. Rivas grounded out to shortstop. Romero pitching for Twins. Stewart flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. McCracken ran for Olerud. Romero pitching for Twins. Olerud singled to right. Aurilia sacrificed to pitcher, McCracken to second. Wilson singled to right, McCracken to third. Winn singled to right, McCracken scored, Wilson to second. Roa pitching for Twins. Suzuki singled to center, Wilson scored, Winn to third. Spiezio tripled to deep center, Winn and Suzuki scored. Boone struck out swinging. Cabrera at first base. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Ibanez struck out looking. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Hasegawa pitching for Mariners. Guzman singled to center. Mientkiewicz singled to right, Guzman to second. Cuddyer walked, Guzman to third, Mientkiewicz to second. Myers pitching for Mariners. Ryan ran for Hunter. Hunter walked, Guzman scored, Mientkiewicz to third, Cuddyer to second. Putz pitching for Mariners. Jones hit by pitch, Mientkiewicz scored, Cuddyer to third, Ryan to second. Offerman hit for Blanco. Ford hit sacrifice fly to center, Cuddyer scored. Offerman flied out to right, Ryan to third. Rivas singled to left, Ryan scored, Jones to second. LeCroy catching. Stewart grounded into fielder's choice to third, Jones out at third. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Roa pitching for Twins. Martinez fouled out to catcher. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Cabrera stole second. Rincon pitching for Twins. Aurilia walked. Wilson flied out to right, Cabrera to third. Winn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Putz pitching for Mariners. Guzman walked. Mientkiewicz flied out to right, Guzman to second. Villone pitching for Mariners. Cuddyer walked. Ryan struck out swinging. Fultz pitching for Twins. Jones grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 10th. Fultz pitching for Twins. Suzuki grounded out to first. Spiezio flied out to left. Boone lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 10th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Ford walked. LeCroy lined out to left. Ford caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Rivas struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 11th. Fultz pitching for Twins. Ibanez grounded out to second. Martinez struck out looking. Cabrera reached on infield single to second. Aurilia grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 11th. Villone pitching for Mariners. Stewart walked. Guzman sacrificed to pitcher, Stewart to second. Mientkiewicz singled to center, Stewart scored. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 6 - Twins 7.	Twins beat Mariners in 11 innings