Devil Rays - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Crawford singled to right. Baldelli struck out looking. Huff lined into double play, to first, Crawford doubled off first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Ford popped out to second. Cuddyer popped out to shortstop. Mientkiewicz walked. Koskie grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Martinez grounded out to shortstop. Cruz flied out to center. Lugo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter homered to left. Jones struck out swinging. Offerman doubled to deep right. Blanco reached on infield single to pitcher, Offerman scored, Blanco to second on throwing error by pitcher Abbott. Blanco to third on wild pitch by Abbott. Guzman grounded out to first. Ford singled to center, Blanco scored. Cuddyer struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Fick flied out to left. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Blum walked. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Mientkiewicz grounded out to second. Koskie walked. Koskie to second on wild pitch by Abbott. Hunter flied out to right. Jones safe at first on throwing error by first baseman Fick, Koskie advanced to third on play, Koskie scored, Jones to second on throwing error by first baseman Fick. Offerman flied out to right. 1 Run, 0 Hits, 2 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Baldelli popped out to third. Huff singled to left. Martinez homered to right center, Huff scored. Cruz reached on bunt single to pitcher. Lugo grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second, Lugo to first, Lugo to second on throwing error by second baseman Cuddyer. Fick grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Blanco flied out to left. Guzman grounded out to pitcher. Ford safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Lugo. Cuddyer flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Devil Rays - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Blum popped out to first. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Abbott pitching for Devil Rays. Mientkiewicz walked. Koskie homered to right, Mientkiewicz scored. Halama pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter walked. Jones hit by pitch, Hunter to second. Offerman walked, Hunter to third, Jones to second. Blanco flied out to center. Standridge pitching for Devil Rays. Guzman doubled to left, Hunter and Jones scored, Offerman to third. Offerman scored, Guzman to third on wild pitch by Standridge. Ford walked. Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to right, Guzman scored. Mientkiewicz walked, Ford to second. Koskie struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Baldelli grounded out to shortstop. Huff grounded out to pitcher. Martinez walked. Gipson at shortstop. Cruz popped out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Standridge pitching for Devil Rays. Hunter doubled to right. Jones homered to left, Hunter scored. Offerman struck out looking. Blanco grounded out to third. Guzman walked. Ford in center field. Ryan in left field. Ford grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 7th. Silva pitching for Twins. Gipson singled to center. Fick flied out to left. Gipson to second on fielder's indifference. Hall grounded out to shortstop. Blum flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. LeCroy hit for Mientkiewicz. Standridge pitching for Devil Rays. Cuddyer singled to center. LeCroy homered to right, Cuddyer scored. Koskie homered to left center. Prieto hit for Jones. Ryan struck out looking. Prieto grounded out to second. Cuddyer in right field. LeCroy at first base. Prieto at second base. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Offerman struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 8th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Crawford reached on infield single to first. Baldelli flied out to right. Huff grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Crawford out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Standridge pitching for Devil Rays. Blanco singled to center. Guzman singled to left, Blanco to second. Ford grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Guzman out at second, Blanco to third. Cuddyer doubled to left, Blanco scored. LeCroy grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Devil Rays - Top 9th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Martinez singled to center. Cruz flied out to center. Gipson grounded into fielder's choice to second, Martinez out at second. Fick homered to right, Gipson scored. Hall singled to left. Blum grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Hall out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Devil Rays 4 - Twins 16.	Error-prone D evil Rays hand win to Twins