Angels - Top 1st. Eckstein grounded out to shortstop. Figgins singled to center. Anderson grounded out to second, Figgins to second. Guerrero flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Stewart flied out to center. Bartlett grounded out to shortstop. Ford grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 2nd. Guillen flied out to center. Erstad grounded out to second. Quinlan grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Morneau flied out to center. Hunter doubled to right. Jones grounded out to second, Hunter to third. Koskie flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Salmon singled to left. Paul singled to center, Salmon to second. Eckstein walked, Salmon to third, Paul to second. Figgins flied out to left. Anderson singled to right, Salmon scored, Paul to third, Eckstein to second. Guerrero reached on infield single to shortstop, Paul scored, Eckstein to third, Anderson to second. Guillen hit sacrifice fly to left, Eckstein scored. Erstad grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Blanco walked. Rivas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Blanco out at second. Stewart struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Quinlan singled to right. Salmon flied out to right. Paul doubled to deep left center, Quinlan scored. Eckstein singled to center, Paul scored. Figgins struck out swinging. Crain pitching for Twins. Anderson singled to left, Eckstein to second. Guerrero safe at first on error by shortstop Bartlett, Eckstein to third, Anderson to second. Guillen singled to center, Eckstein and Anderson scored, Guerrero to second. Erstad grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 4th. Bartlett grounded out to second. Ford grounded out to third. Morneau grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 5th. Quinlan struck out swinging. Salmon grounded out to first. Paul reached on infield single to pitcher, Paul to second on throwing error by pitcher Crain. Eckstein struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 5th. Cuddyer hit for Jones. Hunter homered to right center. Cuddyer fouled out to first. LeCroy hit for Blanco. Koskie singled to left. LeCroy walked, Koskie to second. Rivas grounded out to second, Koskie to third, LeCroy to second. Stewart singled to left, Koskie scored, LeCroy to third. Cuddyer in right field. LeCroy catching. Roa pitching for Twins. Bartlett grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Stewart out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Figgins flied out to center. Anderson reached on infield single to second. Guerrero singled to deep left, Guerrero thrown out at second, Anderson to third. Guillen flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Ford grounded out to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to second. Hunter fouled out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Erstad singled to right. Erstad stole second, Erstad safe at third on throwing error by catcher LeCroy. Quinlan struck out swinging. Salmon hit sacrifice fly to center, Erstad scored. Amezaga at third base. Paul grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Cuddyer doubled to deep right. Koskie grounded out to shortstop, Cuddyer to third. LeCroy grounded out to shortstop, Cuddyer scored. Rivas flied out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Eckstein walked. Fultz pitching for Twins. Figgins grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Eckstein out at second. Kennedy ran for Anderson. Anderson singled to right, Figgins to third. Figgins in center field. Kennedy at second base. Donnelly pitching for Angels. Guerrero grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kennedy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Stewart struck out swinging. Bartlett flied out to right. Romero pitching for Twins. Ford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Guillen struck out swinging. Erstad struck out swinging. Pride in left field. Rodriguez pitching for Angels. Amezaga grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Morneau singled to right. Hunter struck out swinging. Cuddyer walked, Morneau to second. Koskie flied out to center. LeCroy grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cuddyer out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Twins 3.	Angels banish woes to Garret, separate Twins