White Sox - Top 1st. Santana pitching for Twins. Rowand fouled out to first. Uribe struck out swinging. Lee flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Stewart flied out to right. Jones flied out to right. Hunter hit by pitch. Hunter caught stealing second, pitcher to first to shortstop. Morneau batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 2nd. Santana pitching for Twins. Konerko singled to center. Burke bunt popped out to pitcher. Crede grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Konerko out at second, Crede to second on throwing error by second baseman Ojeda. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Morneau walked. Ford struck out swinging. Guzman flied out to left. Cuddyer grounded into fielder's choice to third, Morneau out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 3rd. Santana pitching for Twins. Borchard struck out swinging. Harris grounded out to second. Rowand struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ojeda flied out to right. Blanco grounded out to third. Stewart grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 4th. Santana pitching for Twins. Uribe grounded out to second. Lee hit by pitch. Konerko grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Lee out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Jones grounded out to second. Hunter struck out swinging. Morneau flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 5th. Santana pitching for Twins. Burke struck out swinging. Crede fouled out to third. Davis singled to right. Borchard struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ford walked. Guzman grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Ford out at second. Cuddyer flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 6th. Santana pitching for Twins. Harris grounded out to shortstop. Rowand flied out to right. Uribe grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Garcia pitching for White Sox. Ojeda walked. Blanco walked, Ojeda to second. Stewart sacrificed to pitcher, Ojeda to third, Blanco to second. Jones singled to left, Ojeda scored, Blanco to third. Hunter doubled to left, Blanco scored, Jones to third. Morneau intentionally walked. Cotts pitching for White Sox. Ford singled to left center, Jones and Hunter scored, Morneau to second. Adkins pitching for White Sox. Guzman grounded into fielder's choice to center, Morneau scored on error by second baseman Harris, Ford safe at third on error by second baseman Harris. Guzman stole second, Ford scored, Guzman safe at third on throwing error by catcher Davis. Cuddyer singled to center, Guzman scored. Ojeda singled to right, Cuddyer to second. Blanco doubled to deep left, Cuddyer and Ojeda scored. Munoz pitching for White Sox. Stewart fouled out to right, Blanco to third. Jones grounded out to second. 9 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. White Sox - Top 7th. Santana pitching for Twins. Lee struck out swinging. Konerko fouled out to first. Burke walked. Valdez at second base. Harris in left field. Crede flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 7th. Munoz pitching for White Sox. Hunter walked. Morneau doubled to deep right, Hunter scored, Morneau to third advancing on throw. Ford flied out to right. Guzman popped out to third. Cuddyer walked. Beimel pitching for Twins. Ojeda flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 8th. Ronald Beimel pitching for Twins. Davis singled to center. Borchard flied out to center. Harris walked, Davis to second. Rowand reached on infield single to shortstop, Davis to third, Harris to second. Durbin pitching for Twins. Uribe singled to center, Davis and Harris scored, Rowand to second. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Valdez grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Uribe out at second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Kubel hit for Stewart. Bajenaru pitching for White Sox. Blanco singled to left center. Kubel struck out swinging. Restovich hit for Hunter. Jones flied out to left. Restovich walked, Blanco to second. Kubel in right field. Jones in center field. Restovich in left field. Morneau grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Restovich out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. White Sox - Top 9th. Gload hit for Burke. Durbin pitching for Twins. Konerko grounded out to pitcher. Gload fouled out to left. Crede reached on infield single to shortstop. Davis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: White Sox 2 - Twins 10.	Santana makes pitch for Cy in Twins laugher