Yankees - Top 1st. Silva pitching for Twins. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop. Sheffield singled to left. Sheffield caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Matsui batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 1st. Brown pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Jones homered to left center. Hunter flied out to left. Morneau flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 2nd. Silva pitching for Twins. Matsui lined out to shortstop. Williams grounded out to second. Posada singled to center. Olerud singled to left center, Posada to second. Cairo singled to right, Posada scored, Olerud to third. Lofton singled to left, Olerud scored, Cairo to second. Jeter singled to left, Cairo scored, Lofton to second. Rodriguez popped out to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 2nd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Koskie grounded out to second. Ford reached on infield single to shortstop, Ford to second on throwing error by shortstop Jeter. Guzman reached on infield single to second, Ford to third. Cuddyer struck out swinging, Guzman stole second. Blanco lined out to third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Yankees - Top 3rd. Silva pitching for Twins. Sheffield doubled to deep left. Matsui grounded into fielder's choice to first. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Matsui out at second, Sheffield to third. Posada struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 3rd. Brown pitching for Yankees. Stewart reached on infield single to second. Jones grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Stewart out at second. Hunter flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 4th. Silva pitching for Twins. Olerud fouled out to shortstop. Cairo grounded out to second. Lofton flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 4th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Morneau lined out to center. Koskie singled to center. Ford grounded out to third, Koskie to second. Guzman reached on infield single to second, Koskie to third. Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 5th. Silva pitching for Twins. Jeter grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez flied out to center. Sheffield lined out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 5th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Blanco popped out to second. Stewart grounded out to third. Jones grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 6th. Silva pitching for Twins. Matsui singled to center. Williams homered to right, Matsui scored. Romero pitching for Twins. Posada singled to left. Olerud walked, Posada to second. Cairo sacrificed to pitcher, Posada to third, Olerud to second. Crain pitching for Twins. Lofton struck out swinging. Jeter singled to center, Posada and Olerud scored. Jeter stole second. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 6th. Brown pitching for Yankees. Hunter doubled to left, Hunter out stretching at third. Morneau flied out to left. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Koskie singled to center, Koskie out stretching at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 7th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Sheffield grounded out to shortstop. Matsui homered to left center. Williams safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Guzman. Posada flied out to right. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Olerud grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Twins - Bottom 7th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Ford grounded out to pitcher. Guzman grounded out to second. LeCroy hit for Blanco. Cuddyer singled to center. LeCroy catching. LeCroy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 8th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Cairo flied out to right. Lofton grounded out to shortstop. Jeter doubled to deep left. Rodriguez grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 8th. Quantrill pitching for Yankees. Stewart grounded out to shortstop. Jones doubled to deep center. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Morneau grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Yankees - Top 9th. Mulholland pitching for Twins. Sheffield flied out to center. Matsui singled to shallow center. Crosby in right field. Williams grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Matsui out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Twins - Bottom 9th. Heredia pitching for Yankees. Koskie hit by pitch. Sturtze pitching for Yankees. Ford hit by pitch, Koskie to second. Guzman singled to shallow right, Koskie to third, Ford to second. Offerman hit for LeCroy. Rivera pitching for Yankees. Cuddyer singled to center, Koskie scored, Ford to third, Guzman to second. Offerman grounded out to first, Ford scored, Guzman to third, Cuddyer to second. Stewart hit sacrifice fly to center, Guzman scored, Cuddyer to third. Jones grounded out to third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Yankees 8 - Twins 4.	Brown, Yanks have Twins on the ropes