Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Francis pitching for Rockies . Kata doubled to deep left . Clayton grounded out to first , Kata to third . Clark grounded out to third , Kata scored . Glaus flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Estes pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Helton walked . Wilson lined out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Green flied out to center . Hairston grounded out to shortstop . Terrero struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Estes pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday singled to right . Greene singled to center , Holliday to second . Baker walked , Holliday to third , Greene to second . Restovich grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Holliday scored , Baker out at second , Greene to third . Francis lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Francis pitching for Rockies . Snyder singled to left . Estes grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Snyder out at second . Kata flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Estes pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes singled to center . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Barmes to second . Helton flied out to left . Wilson walked . Holliday walked , Barmes to third , Wilson to second . Greene walked , Barmes scored , Wilson to third , Holliday to second . Baker struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Clayton walked . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Clayton out at second . Glaus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Estes pitching for Diamondbacks . Restovich homered to left . Francis struck out swinging . Barmes singled to left . Gonzalez grounded out to third , Barmes to second . Helton walked . Wilson flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Green grounded out to shortstop . Hairston doubled to right . Terrero struck out swinging . Snyder grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Estes pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday singled to right . Greene grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Holliday out at second . Baker struck out looking . Cintron hit for Estes . Restovich flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Cintron grounded out to second . Kata grounded out to third . Clayton walked . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Francis struck out swinging . Barmes walked . Gonzalez grounded out to second , Barmes to second . Helton grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Glaus struck out swinging . Green grounded out to first . Hairston fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilson struck out swinging . Holliday singled to center . Relaford hit for Baker . Greene flied out to center . Relaford at third base . Sullivan in right field . Relaford lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Francis pitching for Rockies . Terrero grounded out to shortstop . McCracken hit for Cormier . Snyder struck out swinging . McCracken walked . Acevedo pitching for Rockies . Tracy hit for Clayton . Kata singled to right , McCracken to second . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell at shortstop . Tracy popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Hawpe hit for Acevedo . Choate pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan reached on bunt single to pitcher , Sullivan to third on throwing error by pitcher Choate . Hawpe doubled to deep right , Sullivan scored . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes reached on bunt single to third , Hawpe to third . Gonzalez singled to center , Hawpe scored , Barmes to third , Gonzalez to second advancing on throw . Helton intentionally walked . Wilson struck out swinging . Gosling pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday tripled to deep right , Barmes , Gonzalez and Helton scored . Greene grounded out to third . Tsao pitching for Rockies . Relaford grounded out to third . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Tsao pitching for Rockies . Clark walked . Glaus grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clark out at second . Green singled to center , Glaus to second . Hairston flied out to right . Terrero grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 1 - Rockies 8 .	Against all odds : Bullpen holds lead in Rockies win