Nationals - Top 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson lined out to left . Carroll grounded out to third . Johnson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Counsell doubled to deep right . Tracy grounded out to first , Counsell to third . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Guillen struck out swinging . Church singled to center . Castilla grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Church out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Green singled to right . Cruz walked , Green to second . Clayton struck out looking , Cruz caught stealing second . Snyder intentionally walked . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider singled to center . Guzman struck out swinging , Schneider to second on wild pitch by Webb . Hernandez struck out swinging . Wilkerson doubled to deep right center , Schneider scored . Wilkerson to third on wild pitch by Webb . Carroll grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Counsell grounded out to second . Tracy grounded out to first . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Johnson singled to left . Guillen fouled out to catcher . Johnson caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Church doubled to right . Castilla struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Glaus grounded out to third . Green flied out to center . Cruz walked . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider grounded out to first . Guzman grounded out to first . Hernandez singled to left . Wilkerson grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Snyder reached on infield single to third . Webb sacrificed to first , Snyder to second . Counsell walked . Tracy singled to left , Snyder to third , Counsell to second . Arizona 's Gonzalez ejected by Nelson in the 5th . McCracken in left field . Glaus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll grounded out to shortstop . Johnson homered to right . Guillen struck out swinging . Church homered to right . Castilla grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Green lined out to second . Cruz singled to center . Clayton lined out to right . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cruz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Schneider grounded out to second . Guzman grounded out to shortstop . Hernandez doubled to deep left center . Cintron hit for Webb . Carroll at shortstop . Baerga at second base . Wilkerson flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Hernandez pitching for Nationals . Cintron struck out looking . Counsell doubled to right . Tracy homered to right , Counsell scored . McCracken walked . Glaus doubled to left , McCracken to third . Green hit sacrifice fly to center , McCracken scored , Glaus to third . Cruz intentionally walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Cintron at shortstop . Clayton grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Carroll singled to center . Carroll to second on passed ball by Snyder . Johnson doubled to deep center , Carroll scored . Johnson to third on wild pitch by Valverde . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Hammonds hit for Church . Guillen struck out swinging . Hammonds intentionally walked . Castilla intentionally walked , Hammonds to second . Hammonds in left field . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Schneider grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Castilla out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Carrasco pitching for Nationals . Snyder grounded out to third . Cintron singled to right . Counsell singled to right , Cintron to second . Tracy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Top 9th . Blanco hit for Carrasco . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Baerga grounded out to shortstop . Blanco grounded out to shortstop . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Wilkerson doubled to center . Wilkerson in left field . Chavez in center field . Cordero pitching for Nationals . Carroll lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for Nationals . McCracken struck out looking . Glaus singled to left . Green struck out swinging . Clark hit for Koplove . Terrero ran for Cruz . Cruz walked , Glaus to second . Clark flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Nationals 4 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Perfect 10 : Nats extend winning streak vs. D - Backs