Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Counsell flied out to right . Cruz singled to center . Gonzalez doubled to right center , Cruz to third . Glaus grounded out to shortstop , Cruz scored , Gonzalez to third . Green doubled to deep right , Gonzalez scored . Clark flied out to right . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Logan bunt grounded out to first . Inge grounded out to third . Rodriguez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Tracy doubled to right . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Tracy out at third . Counsell doubled to deep right , Snyder to third . Cruz walked . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Guillen flied out to right . White struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Glaus flied out to left . Green struck out swinging . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Pena struck out swinging . Infante walked . Infante stole second . Logan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Tracy struck out looking . Clayton lined out to left . Snyder walked . Counsell doubled to right , Snyder to third . Cruz walked . Gonzalez popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Inge flied out to right . Rodriguez lined out to center . Guillen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Green grounded out to shortstop . Clark flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . White struck out swinging . Young grounded out to first . Monroe grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Bonderman pitching for Tigers . Tracy flied out to right . Clayton lined out to left . Snyder walked . Counsell doubled to right , Snyder to third . Cruz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pena struck out swinging . Infante grounded out to shortstop . Walker pitching for Tigers . Logan struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Walker pitching for Tigers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus walked . Green popped out to shortstop . Clark grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Glaus out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Inge grounded out to third . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Guillen singled to left , Rodriguez to third . White doubled to left , Rodriguez and Guillen scored . Young grounded out to second , White to third . Monroe lined out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . German pitching for Tigers . Tracy singled to right . Clayton singled to right , Tracy to second . Creek pitching for Tigers . Snyder sacrificed to first , Tracy to third , Clayton to second , Snyder safe at first on error by first baseman Pena . Tracy to third on error by first baseman Pena . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Counsell singled to right , Tracy scored , Clayton to third , Snyder to second . Cruz struck out swinging . Gonzalez hit sacrifice fly to center , Clayton scored , Snyder to third . Glaus lined out to second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Pena grounded out to second . Infante doubled to left . Logan grounded out to first , Infante to third . Inge struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Spurling pitching for Tigers . Green grounded out to first . Kata ran for Clark . Clark doubled to deep left . Tracy reached on infield single to third . Clayton singled to left center , Kata scored , Tracy to second . Snyder grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Tracy safe at third on error by third baseman Inge , Clayton to second . Counsell hit sacrifice fly to right , Tracy scored , Clayton to third . Terrero in center field . Cruz struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Guillen singled to center , Rodriguez to second . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . White struck out swinging . Young struck out swinging . Monroe struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 6 - Tigers 2 .	Webb flirts with no - hitter as D - Backs tame Tigers