Dodgers - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Izturis flied out to left . Werth singled to right . Bradley flied out to left . Kent struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Thompson pitching for Dodgers . Counsell walked . Clayton struck out swinging . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Counsell to third . Glaus grounded out to third , Counsell scored . Clark struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew singled to right center . Perez singled to left , Drew to second . Choi grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Perez out at second , Drew to third . Phillips singled to right , Drew scored , Choi to second . Thompson sacrificed to catcher , Choi to third , Phillips to second . Izturis flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Thompson pitching for Dodgers . Green walked . Green stole second . Terrero reached on bunt single to third , Green to third . Snyder grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green scored , Terrero out at second . Vazquez lined out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth flied out to right . Bradley fouled out to right . Kent flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Thompson pitching for Dodgers . Counsell struck out swinging . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Glaus flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew singled to center . Perez doubled to left , Drew to third . Choi flied out to center . Phillips struck out swinging . Thompson grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Thompson pitching for Dodgers . Clark grounded out to third . Green grounded out to third . Terrero safe at first on error by second baseman Kent . Terrero stole second . Snyder struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 5th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Izturis grounded out to second . Werth struck out looking . Bradley grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Thompson pitching for Dodgers . Vazquez walked . Counsell grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Vazquez out at second . Counsell caught stealing second , catcher to first . Clayton lined out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 6th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Kent singled to center . Drew homered to right , Kent scored . Perez singled to center . Choi struck out swinging . Edwards hit for Thompson . Phillips flied out to right . Edwards doubled to left , Perez scored . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Izturis grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Glaus struck out looking . Clark grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 7th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth lined out to left . Bradley popped out to pitcher . Kent fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Green grounded out to second . Tracy hit for Snyder . Terrero safe at third on error by pitcher Sanchez . Tracy grounded out to first , Terrero scored . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Vazquez homered to left center . Stinnett catching . Counsell struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew grounded out to second . Saenz hit for Choi . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez flied out to left . Saenz reached on infield single to first . Saenz at first base . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Phillips grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Saenz out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Brazoban pitching for Dodgers . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez flied out to center . Cintron at third base . Arizona 's Glaus ejected by Craft in the 9th . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Ledee singled to center . Izturis struck out bunting foul . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Werth grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ledee out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Kata ran for Clark . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Clark doubled to deep center . Green intentionally walked . Terrero sacrificed to first , Kata to third , Green to second , Terrero safe at first on error by second baseman Kent . Kata to third on error by second baseman Kent . Stinnett walked , Kata scored , Green to third , Terrero to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Final score : Dodgers 4 - Diamondbacks 5 .	Something wild : Dodgers walk in D - Backs ' winning run