Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Counsell safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Rollins . Cintron singled to shallow right , Counsell scored . Gonzalez walked , Cintron to second . Clark singled to right , Cintron to third , Gonzalez to second . Green tripled to right , Cintron , Gonzalez and Clark scored . Cruz struck out swinging . Clayton singled to left , Green scored . Snyder singled to right , Clayton to second . Webb sacrificed to pitcher , Clayton to third , Snyder to second . Counsell grounded out to first . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 1 Error . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins singled to left . Rollins stole second . Lofton struck out looking . Abreu singled to center , Rollins scored . Thome grounded out to first , Abreu to second . Burrell lined out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Cintron doubled to deep right . Gonzalez doubled to deep right , Cintron scored . Clark grounded out to first , Gonzalez to third . Green hit sacrifice fly to center , Gonzalez scored . Cruz grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley grounded out to second . Bell grounded out to third . Lieberthal struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lidle pitching for Phillies . Clayton singled to left . Snyder walked , Clayton to second . Webb struck out swinging . Counsell grounded out to first , Clayton to third , Snyder to second . Michaels hit for Lidle . Cintron popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Michaels grounded out to third . Rollins doubled to deep right . Lofton reached on infield single to second , Rollins to third . Lofton stole second . Abreu grounded out to pitcher . Thome walked . Geary pitching for Phillies . Burrell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez popped out to second . Clark struck out looking . Green struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Utley singled to right . Bell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Utley out at second . Lieberthal walked . Geary struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Cruz homered to left . Clayton grounded out to second . Snyder struck out looking . Webb struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Rollins struck out swinging . Lofton singled to left . Abreu walked , Lofton to second . Thome singled to center , Lofton to third , Abreu to second . Burrell doubled to deep right , Lofton and Abreu scored , Thome to third . Utley hit sacrifice fly to center , Thome scored . Bell struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Geary pitching for Phillies . Counsell grounded out to second . Cintron flied out to right . Gonzalez singled to center . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Perez hit for Geary . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal flied out to right . Perez grounded out to first . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Rollins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Green doubled to deep right . Cruz walked . Clayton sacrificed to third , Green to third , Cruz to second . Snyder singled to left , Green scored , Cruz to third . Cormier singled to left center , Cruz scored , Snyder to second . Counsell lined out to right . Cintron grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Lofton grounded out to second . Abreu grounded out to first . Thome flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Fultz pitching for Phillies . Gonzalez flied out to center . Clark struck out swinging . Green grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Burrell struck out swinging . Utley hit by pitch . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Polanco at third base . Bell grounded into double play , first to shortstop to pitcher , Utley out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Telemaco pitching for Phillies . Cruz struck out looking . Clayton walked . Tracy hit for Cormier . Snyder struck out looking . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Lieberthal hit by pitch . Polanco singled to center , Lieberthal to second . Rollins hit ground rule double to deep right , Lieberthal scored , Polanco to third . Lofton singled to left , Polanco scored , Rollins to third . Abreu struck out looking . Thome struck out looking . Burrell walked , Lofton to second . Chavez hit for Telemaco . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pratt hit for Chavez . Utley singled to center , Rollins and Lofton scored , Burrell to third . Pratt struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 10 - Phillies 8 .	D - Backs ' Green drives in four to snap Phils ' win streak