Royals - Top 1st . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa lined out to shortstop . DeJesus walked . Stairs struck out swinging . Long doubled to deep center , DeJesus scored . Teahen grounded out to first . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Counsell singled to right . Cintron tripled to deep right , Counsell scored . Gonzalez doubled to deep right center , Cintron scored . Glaus flied out to center . Green doubled to deep right center , Gonzalez scored . Cruz grounded out to second , Green to third . Tracy doubled to deep right , Green scored . Stinnett grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gotay struck out swinging . Costa doubled to left . Buck flied out to right . Greinke flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Ortiz singled to left . Counsell grounded into double play , first to shortstop , Ortiz out at second . Cintron singled to right . Gonzalez walked , Cintron to second . Glaus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Berroa grounded out to second . DeJesus flied out to center . Stairs walked . Long flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Green homered to center . Cruz grounded out to second . Tracy doubled to left . Stinnett struck out swinging . Ortiz walked . Counsell popped out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 4th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen singled to right center . Gotay struck out swinging . Costa lined into double play , to first , Teahen doubled off first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Cintron flied out to right . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Glaus singled to center . Green homered to right , Glaus scored . Cruz grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 5th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck flied out to center . Greinke homered to center . Berroa grounded out to shortstop . DeJesus flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Tracy flied out to right . Stinnett homered to left . Ortiz hit ground rule double to deep left . Counsell singled to right , Ortiz to third . Stemle pitching for Royals . Cintron singled to center , Ortiz scored , Counsell to second . Wood pitching for Royals . Gonzalez singled to right , Counsell scored , Cintron to second . Glaus singled to left , Cintron to third , Gonzalez to second . Green hit sacrifice fly to left , Cintron scored . Cruz struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 6th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Stairs struck out swinging . Long doubled to right . Teahen grounded out to shortstop , Long to third . Gotay doubled to deep left , Long scored . Nunez pitching for Royals . Costa popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Carlos Oviedo pitching for Royals . Tracy walked . Stinnett grounded into double play , pitcher to second to first , Tracy out at second . Ortiz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 7th . McEwing hit for Nunez . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck singled to center . McEwing walked , Buck to second . Berroa grounded into fielder 's choice to second , McEwing out at second , Buck to third . DeJesus popped out to shortstop . Affeldt pitching for Royals . McEwing at shortstop . Stairs flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Affeldt pitching for Royals . Counsell walked . Hairston hit for Gonzalez . Cintron reached on infield single to shortstop , Counsell to second . Hairston grounded into double play , third to first , Counsell out at third , Cintron to second . Hairston in center field . Cruz in left field . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 8th . Gonzalez pitching for Diamondbacks . Long struck out swinging . Teahen doubled to deep center . Teahen to third on wild pitch by Gonzalez . Gotay homered to right , Teahen scored . Costa walked . Herges pitching for Diamondbacks . Buck walked , Costa to second . Brown hit for Affeldt . McEwing walked , Costa to third , Buck to second . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Costa scored , McEwing out at second , Buck to third . DeJesus tripled to deep right center , Buck and Brown scored . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Graffanino hit for Long . Hairston in left field . Cruz in center field . Stairs walked . Graffanino walked , Stairs to second . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen walked , DeJesus scored , Stairs to third , Graffanino to second . Brown in right field . Graffanino at second base . Burgos pitching for Royals . Gotay grounded out to second . 6 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Green grounded out to first . Cruz struck out swinging . Tracy walked . Stinnett singled to right , Tracy to third . Clayton at shortstop . Cormier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 9th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Costa reached on infield single to shortstop . Buck singled to left , Costa to second . McEwing bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Costa out at third , Buck to second . Brown walked , Buck to third , McEwing to second . DeJesus grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Buck scored , Brown out at second , McEwing to third . Stairs singled to left center , McEwing scored , DeJesus to second . Graffanino grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Stairs out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Burgos pitching for Royals . Counsell grounded out to second . Clayton grounded out to pitcher . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Hairston struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Top 10th . Diaz hit for Burgos . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Teahen grounded out to shortstop . Diaz struck out swinging . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Costa grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 10th . MacDougal pitching for Royals . Glaus homered to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Royals 11 - Diamondbacks 12 .	Glaus saves Diamondbacks with game - winning home run