Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Counsell struck out swinging . Tracy homered to right . Gonzalez singled to center . Glaus struck out swinging . Green fouled out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Robles flied out to left . Perez grounded out to shortstop . Drew homered to right . Kent doubled to deep right center . Werth grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Cruz homered to center . Cintron homered to right . Stinnett singled to center . Vargas sacrificed to pitcher , Stinnett to second . Counsell walked . Tracy walked , Stinnett to third , Counsell to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stinnett out at home , Counsell to third , Tracy to second . Glaus struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Choi walked . Edwards grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Choi out at second . Phillips flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Lowe pitching for Dodgers . Green homered to right . Cruz struck out looking . Cintron singled to left . Stinnett singled to left , Cintron to third . Vargas sacrificed to catcher , Stinnett to second . Counsell reached on bunt single to first , Cintron scored , Stinnett to third . Counsell stole second . Ross hit for Lowe . Tracy lined out to second . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Ross struck out looking . Robles singled to center . Perez singled to right , Robles to second . Drew lined out to first . Kent safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus , Robles to third , Perez to second . Werth singled to right , Robles and Perez scored , Kent to third . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Choi struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez flied out to left . Glaus grounded out to third . Green walked . Cruz doubled to left , Green scored . Cintron popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Edwards grounded out to first . Phillips grounded out to third . Dessens struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Stinnett singled to center . Vargas bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Stinnett out at second . Counsell safe at first on error by second baseman Kent , Vargas to second . Tracy grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Robles popped out to second . Perez grounded out to third . Drew homered to center . Kent struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Dessens pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Glaus safe at first on error by third baseman Perez . Green flied out to center . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Dodgers - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Werth struck out swinging . Choi flied out to center . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Grabowski in left field . Edwards flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Carrara pitching for Dodgers . Cintron struck out swinging . Stinnett walked . Cormier sacrificed to catcher , Stinnett to second . Counsell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Phillips walked . Grabowski reached first base on catcher 's interference , Phillips to second . Grabowski batting . Robles bunted into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Phillips out at third , Grabowski to second . Lopez pitching for Diamondbacks . Perez flied out to right , Grabowski to third . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Drew reached on infield single to second , Grabowski scored , Robles to second . Kent walked , Robles to third , Drew to second . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Werth flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wunsch pitching for Dodgers . Tracy grounded out to shortstop . Sanchez pitching for Dodgers . Gonzalez singled to right . Glaus walked , Gonzalez to second . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Glaus out at second , Gonzalez to third . Gonzalez scored , Green to second on balk by Sanchez . Terrero ran for Cruz . Cruz walked . Green to third , Terrero to second on wild pitch by Sanchez . Cintron intentionally walked . Terrero in center field . Stinnett flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 8th . Saenz hit for Sanchez . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Choi walked . Saenz grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Choi out at second . Phillips flied out to left . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . McCracken hit for Aquino . Grabowski flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Osoria pitching for Dodgers . McCracken grounded out to first . Counsell grounded out to first . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Dodgers - Bottom 9th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Robles struck out swinging . Perez walked . Drew struck out looking . Perez to second on fielder 's indifference . Kent flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 7 - Dodgers 5 .	Diamondbacks knock around Lowe , down Dodgers