Marlins - Top 1st . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre struck out looking . Castillo singled to center . Delgado homered to right , Castillo scored . Cabrera homered to left . Lo Duca walked . Encarnacion reached on infield single to third , Lo Duca to second . Lowell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Encarnacion out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Counsell lined out to right . Tracy struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Glaus grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez doubled to deep center . Burnett sacrificed to pitcher , Gonzalez to third . Pierre singled to left , Gonzalez scored . Castillo walked , Pierre to second . Delgado grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Green grounded out to third . McCracken struck out looking . Clayton singled to center . Hill struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera homered to right . Lo Duca walked . Encarnacion popped out to third . Lowell grounded out to catcher , Lo Duca to second . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Burnett grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Vazquez grounded out to shortstop . Counsell walked . Tracy lined into double play , to shortstop , Counsell doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 4th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to second . Delgado grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Green singled to left . McCracken singled to right , Green to third . Clayton reached on infield single to third , Green scored , McCracken to second . Hill struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 5th . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera struck out swinging . Lo Duca grounded out to second . Encarnacion doubled to left . Lowell singled to center , Encarnacion scored , Lowell to second on throwing error by center fielder McCracken . Gonzalez intentionally walked . Cruz hit for Vazquez . Burnett flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Cruz grounded out to first . Counsell lined out to right . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 6th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre reached on infield single to pitcher . Pierre stole second . Castillo grounded out to shortstop , Pierre to third . Delgado struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th . Burnett pitching for Marlins . Gonzalez grounded out to pitcher . Glaus singled to center . Green grounded out to second , Glaus to second . McCracken walked . Clayton tripled to deep right , Glaus and McCracken scored . Hill struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 7th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Lo Duca grounded out to third . Encarnacion flied out to right . Riedling pitching for Marlins . Cintron hit for Medders . Lowell flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th . Riedling pitching for Marlins . Cintron fouled out to left . Counsell grounded out to first . Tracy walked . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 8th . Harris hit for Riedling . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Harris singled to left . Mota pitching for Marlins . Pierre grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Harris out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th . Mota pitching for Marlins . Glaus singled to left . Green grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Glaus out at second . McCracken flied out to right . Clayton doubled to right , Green to third . Hill struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Top 9th . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Castillo walked . Castillo caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Delgado struck out looking . Jones pitching for Marlins . Aguila in left field . Clark hit for Koplove . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Clark struck out looking . Counsell safe at first on error by first baseman Delgado . Tracy grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Counsell out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Marlins 6 - Diamondbacks 3 .	Burnett gets first win in four starts , stifles Arizona