Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Counsell struck out swinging . Clayton struck out swinging . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 1st . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark lined out to second . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Overbay struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Clark homered to center . Cintron grounded out to shortstop . Green flied out to center . Cruz flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 2nd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Lee doubled to deep center . Jenkins grounded out to second , Lee to third . Branyan struck out swinging . Miller struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Snyder walked . Webb struck out bunting foul . Counsell singled to center , Snyder to second . Clayton safe at first on error by shortstop Hardy , Snyder to third , Counsell to second . Gonzalez safe at first on error by pitcher Capuano , Snyder scored , Counsell to third , Clayton to second . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 2 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 3rd . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Hardy singled to center . Capuano grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hardy out at second . Clark grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Capuano out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Cintron struck out swinging . Green grounded out to first . Cruz walked . Snyder singled to deep left center , Cruz to third . Webb struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 4th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Weeks grounded out to shortstop . Overbay homered to right center . Lee lined out to right . Milwaukee 's Manager Yost ejected by Kulpa in the 5th . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Capuano pitching for Brewers . Counsell singled to left . Clayton sacrificed to catcher , Counsell to second . Gonzalez struck out looking . Clark intentionally walked . Cintron grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Clark out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 5th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan struck out swinging . Miller singled to deep right center . Helms hit for Capuano . Hardy grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Miller out at second . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Helms flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Green doubled to left center . Cruz flied out to right , Green thrown out at third . Snyder walked . Webb grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 6th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark walked . Weeks lined into double play , third to first , Clark doubled off first . Overbay singled to left . Lee flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Eveland pitching for Brewers . Counsell singled to left . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Counsell out at second . Gonzalez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Clayton out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 7th . Webb pitching for Diamondbacks . Jenkins homered to right . Branyan singled to center . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Miller doubled to left , Branyan to third . Magruder hit for Eveland . Hardy singled to left , Branyan scored , Miller to third . Magruder hit sacrifice fly to left , Miller scored . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark hit ground rule double to deep right center , Hardy to third . Weeks safe at second on error by shortstop Clayton , Hardy and Clark scored . Overbay struck out swinging . Lee singled to center , Weeks scored . Wise pitching for Brewers . Jenkins flied out to right . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Clark struck out swinging . Cintron struck out looking . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Green struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Bottom 8th . Medders pitching for Diamondbacks . Branyan walked . Miller struck out swinging . Hardy grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Branyan out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Wise pitching for Brewers . Cruz grounded out to second . McCracken hit for Snyder . Tracy hit for Medders . McCracken flied out to center . Tracy struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Brewers 7 .	Brewers swing away , overwhelm Diamondbacks