Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Clayton popped out to second . Gonzalez safe at first on error by first baseman Conine . Glaus grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Marlins - Bottom 1st . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre singled to center . Pierre stole second . Castillo grounded out to first , Pierre to third . Pierre scored on Halsey 's wild pitch . Cabrera grounded out to third . Conine popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Green popped out to second . Jackson popped out to shortstop . Terrero doubled to deep left . Stinnett intentionally walked . Halsey struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 2nd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left . Lowell singled to center , Gonzalez thrown out at home , Gonzalez to third advancing on play . Lowell to second advancing on throw . Aguila popped out to second . Treanor intentionally walked . Vargas struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Counsell flied out to center . Clayton struck out looking . Gonzalez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 3rd . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre reached on bunt single to pitcher . Castillo popped out to second . Cabrera homered to left , Pierre scored . Conine lined out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Lowell flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Glaus singled to left . Green grounded out to pitcher , Glaus to second . Jackson struck out swinging . Terrero walked . Stinnett struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 4th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Aguila popped out to second . Treanor grounded out to third . Vargas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Vargas pitching for Marlins . Halsey struck out looking . Counsell singled to left . Clayton doubled to deep center , Counsell scored . Clayton stole third . Gonzalez flied out to left . Glaus flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 5th . Halsey pitching for Diamondbacks . Pierre walked . Castillo fouled out to first . Cabrera flied out to center . Pierre stole second , Pierre safe at third on throwing error by catcher Stinnett . Conine singled to left , Pierre scored . Gonzalez doubled to deep left , Conine to third . Lowell doubled to deep left , Conine and Gonzalez scored . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Aguila popped out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Alfonseca pitching for Marlins . Green doubled to deep center . Jackson grounded out to second , Green to third . Terrero struck out swinging . Tracy hit for Stinnett . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Snyder catching . Tracy lined out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 6th . Willis hit for Alfonseca . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Treanor fouled out to first . Willis grounded out to first . Pierre safe at second on error by first baseman Jackson . Villone pitching for Marlins . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Villone pitching for Marlins . Snyder struck out swinging . Counsell walked . Clayton walked , Counsell to second . Gonzalez walked , Counsell to third , Clayton to second . Mota pitching for Marlins . Glaus doubled to deep center , Counsell , Clayton and Gonzalez scored . Glaus to third on wild pitch by Mota . Green hit sacrifice fly to left , Glaus scored . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Jackson struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 7th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Cabrera singled to center . Cabrera to second on wild pitch by Cormier . Conine struck out swinging . Cabrera to third on wild pitch by Cormier . Gonzalez walked . Gonzalez to second on wild pitch by Cormier . Lowell flied out to right . Jones pitching for Marlins . Encarnacion in right field . Aguila struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McCracken hit for Cormier . Jones pitching for Marlins . Terrero reached on bunt single to third . Clark hit for Snyder . McCracken sacrificed to pitcher , Terrero to second . Clark singled to left , Terrero to third . Terrero out at third on runner 's fielder 's choice . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Hill catching . Clark at first base . Counsell struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Marlins - Bottom 8th . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Treanor safe at first on error by third baseman Glaus . Encarnacion sacrificed to catcher , Treanor to second . Pierre grounded out to first , Treanor to third . Castillo singled to left , Treanor scored . Cabrera walked , Castillo to second . Conine walked , Castillo to third , Cabrera to second . Gonzalez doubled to left , Castillo , Cabrera and Conine scored . Lowell intentionally walked . Jones singled to center , Gonzalez to third , Lowell to second . Koplove pitching for Diamondbacks . Treanor struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Jones pitching for Marlins . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . Gonzalez popped out to second . Glaus struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 5 - Marlins 10 .	Marlins up to old tricks in win over Diamondbacks