Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Hampton pitching for Braves . Counsell grounded out to first . Clayton singled to right . Gonzalez singled to right , Clayton to third . Clark singled to right , Clayton scored , Gonzalez to second . Green singled to right , Gonzalez thrown out at home , Clark to second . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 1st . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal flied out to left . Giles reached on infield single to first . Jones homered to right , Giles scored . Jones struck out swinging . LaRoche walked . Francoeur struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Stinnett singled to center . Terrero singled to left , Stinnett to second . Vazquez sacrificed to third , Stinnett to third , Terrero to second . Counsell grounded out to first . Clayton singled to right center , Stinnett and Terrero scored . Clayton stole second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 2nd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Langerhans struck out swinging . McCann flied out to right . Hampton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Hampton pitching for Braves . Clark fouled out to first . Green walked . Green stole second . Glaus grounded out to shortstop . Stinnett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 3rd . Vazquez pitching for Diamondbacks . Furcal doubled to deep right . Giles hit by pitch . Jones doubled to deep left , Furcal scored , Giles to third . Jones singled to left , Giles scored , Jones scored , Jones to second on error by left fielder Gonzalez . LaRoche singled to right center , Jones to third . Francoeur homered to left center , Jones and LaRoche scored . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Langerhans homered to right . McCann grounded out to second . Hampton singled to center . Furcal walked , Hampton to second . Giles grounded into double play , third to first , Hampton out at third . 7 Runs , 7 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Terrero popped out to shortstop . Bruney grounded out to pitcher . Counsell grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 4th . Bruney pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones walked . Jones hit by pitch , Jones to second . LaRoche struck out swinging . Francoeur hit by pitch , Jones to third , Jones to second . Langerhans walked , Jones scored , Jones to third , Francoeur to second . McCann walked , Jones scored , Francoeur to third , Langerhans to second . Hampton struck out looking . Furcal grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , McCann out at second . 2 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Hampton pitching for Braves . Clayton flied out to left . Gonzalez doubled to deep right . Clark flied out to center . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy at first base . Green singled to right , Gonzalez thrown out at home . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 5th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . Giles singled to deep right . Jones doubled to deep center , Giles scored . Jones walked . LaRoche struck out swinging . Francoeur flied out to right , Jones to third . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Langerhans in center field . Johnson in left field . Langerhans flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Glaus homered to left . Stinnett flied out to left . Terrero struck out swinging . Tracy singled to center . Tracy to second on fielder 's indifference . Counsell walked . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Counsell out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 6th . Cormier pitching for Diamondbacks . McCann grounded out to first . Johnson homered to right . Furcal struck out looking . Giles lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . McCracken hit for Cormier . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Gonzalez walked . McCracken grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Gonzalez out at second . McCracken in right field . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Green grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 7th . Worrell pitching for Diamondbacks . Jones struck out swinging . Ramirez singled to center . LaRoche fouled out to catcher . Betemit at third base . Francoeur struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Glaus grounded out to second . Stinnett homered to left . Terrero lined out to third . Cintron at second base . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Braves - Bottom 8th . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Langerhans grounded out to pitcher . McCann flied out to center . Johnson grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Ramirez pitching for Braves . Cintron flied out to center . Clayton doubled to left . Gonzalez singled to left , Clayton to third . Snyder hit for Valverde . McCracken hit sacrifice fly to center , Clayton scored . Boyer pitching for Braves . Snyder homered to left , Gonzalez scored . Glaus hit by pitch . Stinnett grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Braves 13 .	Francoeur 's arm , bat lead Braves past D - Backs