Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Day pitching for Rockies . Counsell grounded out to pitcher . Tracy walked . Gonzalez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Tracy out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes singled to left . Sullivan homered to right , Barmes scored . Helton popped out to second . Holliday struck out swinging . Hawpe grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Day pitching for Rockies . Glaus homered to left . Green homered to left center . Jackson flied out to center . Clayton singled to center . Stinnett struck out looking . Vargas struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins lined out to center . Gonzalez flied out to left . Ardoin singled to left center . Day lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Day pitching for Rockies . Counsell tripled to deep right center . Tracy popped out to shortstop . Gonzalez walked . Glaus reached on infield single to third , Counsell scored , Gonzalez to second . Green reached on infield single to pitcher , Gonzalez to third , Glaus to second . Jackson singled to left center , Gonzalez and Glaus scored , Green to second , Green to third , Jackson to second on throwing error by left fielder Holliday . Clayton grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Green out at home . Stinnett flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to left . Sullivan fouled out to third . Helton grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Day pitching for Rockies . Vargas walked . Counsell flied out to center . Tracy singled to center , Vargas to second . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Tracy out at second , Vargas to third . Glaus safe at first on error by shortstop Barmes , Vargas scored , Gonzalez to second . Green struck out looking . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe struck out swinging . Atkins grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Day pitching for Rockies . Jackson flied out to left . Clayton flied out to center . Stinnett doubled to deep left . Vargas grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Bigbie hit for Day . Ardoin singled to center . Speier pitching for Rockies . Bigbie struck out swinging . Ardoin caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Counsell walked . Counsell caught stealing second , pitcher to first to shortstop . Tracy struck out swinging . Gonzalez walked . Glaus flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes lined out to left . Sullivan flied out to center . Helton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Rockies . Green singled to center . Jackson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Green out at second . Clayton grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Vargas pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday grounded out to shortstop . Hawpe struck out looking . Atkins doubled to deep center . Gonzalez singled to left center , Atkins scored . Piedra hit for Speier . Ardoin reached on infield single to second , Gonzalez to second . Lyon pitching for Diamondbacks . Freeman ran for Piedra . Piedra singled to right , Gonzalez scored , Ardoin to third . Barmes singled to center , Ardoin scored , Freeman to third . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Barmes out at second . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . McCracken hit for Lyon . Cortes pitching for Rockies . Stinnett homered to left . McCracken grounded out to first . Counsell popped out to second . Tracy homered to right . Groom pitching for Diamondbacks . Green in right field . Clark at first base . Terrero in center field . Gonzalez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Groom pitching for Diamondbacks . Helton grounded out to second . Holliday walked . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Hawpe grounded out to first , Holliday to second . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Atkins lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Dohmann pitching for Rockies . Glaus struck out looking . Green struck out swinging . Clark struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 9th . Miles hit for Ardoin . Valverde pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez singled to left center . Shealy hit for Dohmann . Miles lined out to right . Shealy singled to left , Gonzalez to second . Quintanilla ran for Shealy . Barmes fouled out to first . Sullivan grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gonzalez out at third . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 8 - Rockies 5 .	Green , Glaus connect for Diamondbacks