Diamondbacks - Top 1st . Cook pitching for Rockies . Counsell grounded out to first . Tracy grounded out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 1st . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes popped out to third . Sullivan grounded out to third . Helton fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 2nd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Clark singled to center . Glaus struck out looking . Green reached on infield single to catcher , Clark to second . Cintron grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Green out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 2nd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Holliday walked . Hawpe grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Holliday out at second . Atkins grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 3rd . Cook pitching for Rockies . Snyder struck out swinging . Ortiz grounded out to second . Counsell safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Barmes . Tracy singled to center , Counsell to third . Gonzalez grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rockies - Bottom 3rd . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez lined out to right . Closser grounded out to second . Cook struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 4th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Clark struck out swinging . Glaus homered to center . Green grounded out to first . Cintron singled to left . Snyder singled to right , Cintron to second . Ortiz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Snyder out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes singled to right . Sullivan singled to center , Barmes to second . Helton walked , Barmes to third , Sullivan to second . Holliday doubled to right , Barmes , Sullivan and Helton scored . Hawpe walked . Atkins singled to center , Holliday scored , Hawpe to third . Gonzalez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Hawpe scored , Atkins safe at second on error by shortstop Cintron . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Closser struck out swinging . Cook sacrificed to third , Atkins to third , Gonzalez to second . Barmes safe at first on error by shortstop Cintron , Atkins scored , Gonzalez advanced to third on play , Gonzalez tagged out at home attempting to advance on play . 6 Runs , 4 Hits , 2 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 5th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Counsell flied out to right . Tracy grounded out to pitcher . Gonzalez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 5th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Sullivan flied out to left . Helton fouled out to first . Holliday singled to right . Hawpe flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 6th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Clark lined out to shortstop . Glaus singled to center . Green struck out swinging . Green hit for Cintron . Green at shortstop . Green grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 6th . Villarreal pitching for Diamondbacks . Atkins singled to right center . Gonzalez struck out swinging . Closser flied out to center . Cook lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 7th . McCracken hit for Villarreal . Cook pitching for Rockies . Snyder lined out to left . McCracken grounded out to second . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Counsell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 7th . Aquino pitching for Diamondbacks . Barmes flied out to right . Sullivan doubled to deep right center . Helton singled to center , Sullivan scored . Holliday grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Helton out at second . Hawpe walked , Holliday to second . Atkins flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Diamondbacks - Top 8th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Tracy lined out to second . Gonzalez grounded out to second . Bulger pitching for Diamondbacks . Clark grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rockies - Bottom 8th . Bulger pitching for Diamondbacks . Gonzalez flied out to right . Closser grounded out to shortstop . Cook singled to right . Barmes singled to left center , Cook to third , Barmes to second on error by left fielder Gonzalez . Sullivan grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Diamondbacks - Top 9th . Cook pitching for Rockies . Glaus homered to left . Green lined out to left . Jackson hit for Snyder . Green walked . Terrero hit for Bulger . Jackson grounded out to shortstop , Green to second . Terrero grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Diamondbacks 2 - Rockies 7 .	Cook whips up complete game as Rockies avoid sweep