Giants - Top 1st. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pagan lined out to first. Scutaro flied out to left. Sandoval flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Cabrera safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Bautista walked. Encarnacion singled to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third, Encarnacion to second advancing on throw. DeRosa singled to left center, Bautista scored, Encarnacion scored on error by center fielder Pagan. Lawrie singled to right, DeRosa to second. Izturis grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lawrie out at second, DeRosa to third. Rasmus singled to right, DeRosa scored, Izturis to second. Blanco struck out swinging. Bonifacio singled to center, Izturis scored, Rasmus to third. Cabrera singled to left center, Rasmus scored, Bonifacio to second. Bautista lined out to third. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 2 Errors. Giants - Top 2nd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Posey grounded out to second. Pence walked. Belt walked, Pence to second. Blanco struck out swinging. Noonan singled to right, Pence scored, Belt to third. Crawford struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Encarnacion walked. DeRosa grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Encarnacion out at second. Lawrie flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pagan struck out looking. Scutaro singled to center. Sandoval flied out to center. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Izturis grounded out to third. Rasmus reached on infield single to shortstop. Blanco grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Rasmus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pence lined out to third. Belt homered to right center (425 feet). Blanco singled to right. Noonan grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Blanco out at second. Crawford struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Bonifacio flied out to right. Cabrera singled to right. Bautista singled to right, Cabrera to second. Encarnacion flied out to left. DeRosa lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pagan struck out swinging. Scutaro singled to right. Sandoval flied out to center. Posey struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Lawrie lined out to third. Izturis doubled to left. Izturis caught stealing third, catcher to third. Rasmus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Dickey pitching for Blue Jays. Pence doubled to left. Belt struck out swinging. Blanco struck out swinging. Noonan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Zito pitching for Giants. Blanco grounded out to second. Bonifacio fouled out to first. Cabrera singled to right. Bautista singled to center, Cabrera to third. Kontos pitching for Giants. Encarnacion doubled to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to third. Lind hit for DeRosa. Lind reached on infield single to shortstop, Bautista scored, Encarnacion to third. Kawasaki ran for Lind. Lawrie doubled to right, Encarnacion scored, Kawasaki to third. Izturis flied out to left. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Kawasaki at shortstop. Izturis at second base. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Crawford struck out swinging. Pagan popped out to first. Scutaro struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Torres in center field. Kontos pitching for Giants. Rasmus struck out swinging. Blanco flied out to right. Bonifacio singled to center. Cabrera doubled to deep right, Bonifacio scored. Bautista walked. Encarnacion lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Sandoval flied out to left. Posey flied out to right. Pence reached on infield single to third. Pence to second on fielder's indifference. Belt doubled to deep left, Pence scored. Blanco struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Mijares pitching for Giants. Quiroz catching. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Lawrie doubled to deep right. Izturis grounded out to second, Lawrie to third. Rasmus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Lincoln pitching for Blue Jays. Noonan struck out looking. Crawford struck out looking. Torres walked. Scutaro singled to right, Torres to third. Sandoval homered to left center (397 feet), Torres and Scutaro scored. Rogers pitching for Blue Jays. Quiroz flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 6 - Blue Jays 10.	Dickey, Cabrera lead Blue Jays over Giants