Giants - Top 1st. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Pagan grounded out to first. Scutaro singled to center. Sandoval grounded into double play, first to shortstop, Scutaro out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Fowler grounded out to third. Rutledge grounded out to shortstop. Gonzalez walked. Gonzalez stole second, Gonzalez safe at third on throwing error by catcher Posey. Tulowitzki grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Posey reached on infield single to shortstop. Pence grounded out to second, Posey to second. Posey out at third on runner's fielder's choice. Belt doubled to deep right. Blanco singled to shallow center, Belt scored. Blanco stole second. Crawford intentionally walked. Lincecum struck out looking. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rosario struck out looking. Helton struck out swinging. Arenado fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Pagan flied out to left. Scutaro singled to right. Sandoval flied out to left. Scutaro to second on wild pitch by Chatwood. Posey walked. Pence grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Blackmon walked. Chatwood grounded out to pitcher, Blackmon to second. Fowler doubled to left, Blackmon scored. Rutledge reached on infield single to pitcher, Fowler scored, Rutledge to third on throwing error by pitcher Lincecum. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Rutledge scored. Tulowitzki doubled to deep left. Rosario lined out to center. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 4th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Belt struck out swinging. Blanco struck out swinging. Crawford grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Helton struck out looking. Arenado singled to left. Arenado to second on balk by Lincecum. Blackmon flied out to center, Arenado to third. Chatwood singled to center, deflected by pitcher Lincecum, Arenado scored. Fowler struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Lincecum struck out looking. Pagan grounded out to second. Scutaro walked. Sandoval singled to center, Scutaro to third. Posey batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Rutledge flied out to center. Gonzalez flied out to center. Tulowitzki singled to left. Rosario homered to left (408 feet), Tulowitzki scored. Helton grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Chatwood pitching for Rockies. Pence flied out to center. Belt walked. Blanco flied out to left. Crawford reached on infield single to second, Belt to second. Noonan hit for Lincecum. Outman pitching for Rockies. Arias hit for Noonan. Arias grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Machi pitching for Giants. Arenado flied out to center. Blackmon struck out swinging. Outman struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Pagan singled to left. Scutaro grounded out to shortstop, Pagan to second. Sandoval grounded out to second, Pagan to third. Posey grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Machi pitching for Giants. Fowler singled to right. Rutledge flied out to right. Gonzalez flied out to right. Fowler stole second. Tulowitzki reached on infield single to third, Fowler to third. Rosario reached on infield single to third, Fowler scored, Tulowitzki to second. Helton batting. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Outman pitching for Rockies. Pence doubled to deep center. Belt grounded out to second, Pence to third. Blanco popped out to third. Crawford reached on infield single to second, Pence scored. Torres hit for Machi. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Herrera at second base. Torres struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Kontos pitching for Giants. Arenado grounded out to shortstop. Blackmon singled to right. Herrera singled to right, Blackmon to second. Fowler singled to right, Blackmon scored, Herrera to third, Fowler to second on error by shortstop Crawford. Lopez struck out swinging. Gonzalez walked. Tulowitzki singled to deep left center, Herrera and Fowler scored, Gonzalez to third. LeMahieu ran for Tulowitzki. Rosario lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 9th. LeMahieu at shortstop. Lopez pitching for Rockies. Pagan flied out to left. Scutaro grounded out to third. Sandoval grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 2 - Rockies 10.	Rockies pummel Lincecum in rout of Giants