Athletics - Top 1st. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Crisp walked. Lowrie grounded out to second, Crisp to second. Cespedes tripled to deep center, Crisp scored. Smith grounded out to second. Donaldson safe at first on error by second baseman Scutaro, Cespedes scored. Jaso grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 1st. Milone pitching for Athletics. Torres singled to left. Scutaro grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Torres out at second. Sandoval grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 2nd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Moss struck out swinging. Sogard singled to center. Milone grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Sogard out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Posey struck out swinging. Pence homered to left (421 feet). Pill grounded out to third. Crawford struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 3rd. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Crisp grounded out to second. Lowrie struck out swinging. Cespedes flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Milone pitching for Athletics. Blanco flied out to left. Lincecum fouled out to third. Torres walked. Scutaro singled to left, Torres to second. Sandoval grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torres out at third, Scutaro to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 4th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Smith doubled to right. Donaldson flied out to center, Smith to third. Jaso walked. Jaso to second on wild pitch by Lincecum. Moss struck out swinging. Sogard intentionally walked. Milone flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Posey flied out to right. Pence singled to center. Pill grounded into fielder's choice to third, Pence safe at second on error by third baseman Donaldson. Crawford grounded out to first, Pence to third, Pill to second. Blanco intentionally walked. Lincecum struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Athletics - Top 5th. Lincecum pitching for Giants. Crisp singled to left. Lowrie doubled to deep center, Crisp scored. Cespedes struck out looking. Smith walked. Donaldson reached on infield single to first, Lowrie to third, Smith to second. Jaso singled to left, Lowrie scored, Smith to third, Donaldson to second. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Freiman hit for Moss. Freiman singled to center, Smith and Donaldson scored, Jaso to third. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Freiman hit for Moss. Freiman singled to center, Smith and Donaldson scored, Jaso to third. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Lopez pitching for Giants. Freiman hit for Moss. Freiman singled to center, Smith and Donaldson scored, Jaso to third. Sogard popped out to shortstop. Milone struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Freiman at first base. Milone pitching for Athletics. Torres walked. Scutaro grounded into fielder's choice to third, Torres out at second. Sandoval flied out to center. Posey singled to right, Scutaro to third. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to third, Posey out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 6th. Lopez pitching for Giants. Crisp grounded out to pitcher. Lowrie grounded out to third. Cespedes safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Sandoval. Smith grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 6th. Milone pitching for Athletics. Pill homered to left (388 feet). Crawford reached on infield single to shortstop. Blanco singled to right, Crawford to third. Arias hit for Lopez. Blevins pitching for Athletics. Arias hit sacrifice fly to left, Crawford scored. Torres doubled to left, Blanco scored. Scutaro walked. Sandoval grounded into double play, third to second to first, Scutaro out at second. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 7th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Donaldson grounded out to shortstop. Jaso grounded out to first. Freiman flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Neshek pitching for Athletics. Posey lined out to third. Pence grounded out to pitcher. Pill walked. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Norris catching. Crawford flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 8th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Sogard doubled to right. Norris sacrificed to first, Sogard to third. Crisp hit sacrifice fly to left, Sogard scored. Lowrie flied out to left. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Doolittle pitching for Athletics. Blanco singled to center. Belt hit for Ramirez. Belt struck out swinging. Torres fouled out to third. Scutaro doubled to deep left center, Blanco scored. Sandoval singled to right, Scutaro scored. Posey flied out to right. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Athletics - Top 9th. Machi pitching for Giants. Cespedes struck out looking. Smith walked. Donaldson singled to deep left, Smith scored, Donaldson to second on error by left fielder Torres. Young hit for Doolittle. Donaldson to third on wild pitch by Machi. Young struck out swinging. Freiman singled to right, Donaldson scored. Affeldt pitching for Giants. Rosales hit for Sogard. Rosales grounded out to pitcher. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Bottom 9th. Balfour pitching for Athletics. Rosales at second base. Pence reached on infield single to pitcher. Pill grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Pence out at second. Crawford flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Athletics 9 - Giants 6.	A's outslug Giants, notch sixth straight win