Giants - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Torres walked. Abreu grounded out to third, Torres to second. Posey grounded out to first, Torres to third. Pence doubled to right center, Torres scored. Pence to third on passed ball by Martin. Arias flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Zito pitching for Giants. Marte reached on infield single to third, Marte to second on throwing error by third baseman Arias. Mercer singled to right, Marte to third. McCutchen singled to shallow left, Marte scored, Mercer to second. Sanchez flied out to center, Mercer out at third. Martin singled to left, McCutchen to second. Alvarez popped out to second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Giants - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Belt walked. Perez singled to center, Belt to second. Crawford grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Perez out at second, Belt to third. Zito grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Zito pitching for Giants. Walker lined out to right. Inge struck out swinging. Liriano struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Torres grounded out to third. Abreu struck out swinging. Posey grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Zito pitching for Giants. Marte singled to center. Mercer singled to center, Marte to second. McCutchen doubled to center, Marte and Mercer scored. Sanchez singled to center, McCutchen to third. Martin grounded into double play, shortstop to first, McCutchen scored, Sanchez out at second. Alvarez lined out to center. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Pence doubled to deep left. Arias grounded out to third. Belt reached on infield single to first, Pence to third. Perez hit sacrifice fly to center, Pence scored. Crawford grounded into fielder's choice to second, Belt out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Zito pitching for Giants. Walker flied out to center. Inge struck out swinging. Liriano grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Zito grounded out to second. Torres singled to right. Abreu singled to center, Torres to second. Posey struck out looking. Pence walked, Torres to third, Abreu to second. Arias singled to center, Torres and Abreu scored, Pence to second. Belt flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Zito pitching for Giants. Marte singled to center. Marte stole second. Mercer singled to right, Marte to third. McCutchen struck out looking. Sanchez walked, Mercer to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to first, Marte scored, Sanchez out at second, Mercer to third. Alvarez doubled to right, Mercer scored, Martin to third. Mijares pitching for Giants. Walker singled to right, Martin and Alvarez scored. Inge flied out to left. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Perez singled to left. Crawford grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Perez out at second. Pill hit for Mijares. Pill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Presley hit for Liriano. Presley homered to right (384 feet). Marte singled to center. Mercer flied out to left. Marte stole second. McCutchen popped out to shortstop. Sanchez doubled to deep right center, Marte scored. Martin walked. Alvarez flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 7th. Wilson pitching for Pirates. Presley in right field. Torres grounded out to second. Abreu singled to center. Posey singled to center, Abreu to second. Pence grounded into fielder's choice to first, Posey out at second, Abreu to third, Abreu scored, Pence to second on throwing error by shortstop Mercer. Arias singled to right, Pence scored. Belt singled to left, Arias to second. Perez grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Ramirez pitching for Giants. Walker homered to right (383 feet). Jones hit for Wilson. Lopez pitching for Giants. Jones grounded out to first. Presley lined out to left. Rosario pitching for Giants. Blanco in center field. Marte struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Crawford singled to left. Blanco flied out to center. Torres grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Crawford out at second. Abreu doubled to deep right, Torres to third. Posey singled to right, Torres and Abreu scored. Pence popped out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Rosario pitching for Giants. Mercer struck out swinging. McCutchen reached on infield single to shortstop. Sanchez singled to center, McCutchen to third. Martin grounded out to third, McCutchen scored, Sanchez to second. Alvarez fouled out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Top 9th. Grilli pitching for Pirates. Arias flied out to right. Belt grounded out to second. Noonan hit for Rosario. Noonan struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Giants 8 - Pirates 12.	Pirates set season highs for runs and hits