Cardinals - Top 1st. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Jay grounded out to pitcher. Wong grounded out to first. Holliday doubled to right. Adams grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco grounded out to first. Walker grounded out to first. McCutchen doubled to deep center. Marte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Peralta walked. Heyward doubled to center, Peralta to third. Molina lined into triple play, second to third to second, Peralta out at third, Heyward out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Álvarez walked. Kang reached on infield single to third, Álvarez to second. Cervelli grounded out to first, Álvarez to third, Kang to second. Álvarez scored, Kang to third on wild pitch by Martínez. Mercer grounded out to second, Kang scored. Worley doubled to deep right center. Polanco doubled to deep right, Worley scored. Walker struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Reynolds grounded out to catcher. Martínez grounded out to second. Jay lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to left. Marte struck out swinging. Álvarez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Rodriguez in left field. Rodriguez in left field. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Wong singled to center. Holliday singled to left, Wong to second. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to first, Holliday out at second, Wong to third. Peralta singled to left center, Wong scored, Adams to second. Heyward doubled to deep left, Adams scored, Peralta to third. Molina doubled to right, Peralta and Heyward scored. Reynolds walked. Martínez reached on infield single to catcher, Molina to third, Reynolds to second. Jay hit sacrifice fly to center, Molina scored. Wong walked, Reynolds to third, Martínez to second. Holliday popped out to shortstop. 5 Runs, 6 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Kang singled to center. Cervelli struck out looking. Mercer grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kang out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Adams lined out to shortstop. Peralta singled to left. Heyward grounded out to first, Peralta to second. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Lombardozzi hit for Worley. Lombardozzi hit for Worley. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Polanco walked. Polanco caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Walker homered to right (374 feet). McCutchen lined out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Scahill pitching for Pirates. Scahill pitching for Pirates. Reynolds struck out looking. Martínez grounded out to pitcher. Jay grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez singled to center. Álvarez walked, Rodriguez to second. Kang struck out swinging. Cervelli walked, Rodriguez to third, Álvarez to second. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Mercer doubled to deep center, Rodriguez and Álvarez scored, Cervelli to third. Hart hit for Scahill. Hart hit for Scahill. Hart hit sacrifice fly to center, Cervelli scored, Mercer out at third. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Wong grounded out to second. Holliday singled to right. Adams grounded out to catcher, Holliday to second. Peralta struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Polanco struck out swinging. Walker bunt grounded out to pitcher. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Watson pitching for Pirates. Heyward grounded out to pitcher. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Reynolds walked. Bourjos hit for Socolovich. Bourjos hit for Socolovich. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Kozma at third base. Harris pitching for Cardinals. Bourjos in center field. Kozma at third base. Harris pitching for Cardinals. Bourjos in center field. Rodriguez grounded out to third. Álvarez reached on infield single to second. Álvarez to second on wild pitch by Harris. Kang struck out looking. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Rodriguez at first base. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Harrison in left field. Rodriguez at first base. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Harrison in left field. Kozma grounded out to third. Wong grounded out to pitcher. Holliday flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Pirates 7.	Pirates turn triple play, rally to cool off Cardinals 7-5