Cardinals - Top 1st. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Wong struck out swinging. Carpenter grounded out to third. Holliday struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Kipnis grounded out to second. Santana singled to shallow right. Brantley singled to right, Santana to second. Moss struck out swinging. Swisher struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Peralta reached on infield single to pitcher. Adams struck out swinging. Molina singled to shallow right, Peralta to second. Heyward grounded out to second, Peralta to third, Molina to second. Reynolds singled to right, Peralta and Molina scored, Reynolds to second advancing on throw. Bourjos grounded out to first. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Pérez grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Wong grounded out to second. Carpenter grounded out to shortstop. Holliday safe at first on error by first baseman Santana. Peralta popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Ramírez grounded out to second. Kipnis doubled to deep center. Santana struck out looking. Brantley walked. Kipnis to third, Brantley to second on wild pitch by Lynn. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Adams struck out swinging. Molina struck out swinging. Heyward popped out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Swisher popped out to second. Murphy flied out to center. Chisenhall grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Reynolds singled to center. Bourjos singled to center, Reynolds to second. Wong bunt popped out to pitcher. Carpenter struck out looking. Holliday singled to right center, Reynolds scored, Bourjos to third. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Pérez struck out swinging. Ramírez walked. Kipnis walked, Ramírez to second. Santana singled to center, Ramírez to third, Kipnis to second. Brantley struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Adams grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to center. Heyward flied out to left. Reynolds reached on infield single to third, Molina to second. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Reynolds out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Swisher walked. Murphy flied out to left. Chisenhall grounded into fielder's choice to first, Swisher out at second. Pérez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Wong flied out to right. Carpenter doubled to deep center. Holliday struck out swinging. Peralta doubled to deep right, Carpenter scored. Rzepczynski pitching for Indians. Adams reached on infield single to shortstop, Peralta to third. Shaw pitching for Indians. Adams stole second. Molina grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 7th. Belisle pitching for Cardinals. Ramírez singled to shallow center. Kipnis doubled to deep center, Ramírez scored. Santana struck out swinging. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Brantley doubled to left, Kipnis scored. Raburn hit for Moss. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Raburn doubled to left, Brantley scored. Swisher popped out to second. Murphy grounded out to first. 3 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Raburn in right field. Shaw pitching for Indians. Heyward walked. Reynolds struck out swinging. Bourjos grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Heyward safe at second on error by shortstop Ramírez. Hagadone pitching for Indians. Wong struck out looking. Carpenter singled to right, Heyward scored, Bourjos to third. Atchison pitching for Indians. Holliday homered to right (361 feet), Bourjos and Carpenter scored. Peralta grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Bottom 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Chisenhall struck out swinging. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Pérez grounded out to pitcher. Ramírez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Webb pitching for Indians. Adams grounded out to second. Cruz hit for Molina. Cruz grounded out to shortstop. Heyward struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Bottom 9th. Cruz catching. Socolovich pitching for Cardinals. Kipnis singled to center. Santana struck out swinging. Brantley flied out to left. Kipnis to second on fielder's indifference. Raburn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 8 - Indians 3.	Lynn, Holliday lead Cardinals past Indians 8-3