Diamondbacks - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte flied out to left. Trumbo struck out swinging. Goldschmidt singled to center. Peralta struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong doubled to deep right. Carpenter singled to right, Wong to third. Holliday flied out to left. Adams grounded into fielder's choice to second, Wong scored, Carpenter out at second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Adams out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tomás singled to center. Owings grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Tomás out at second. Gosewisch grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina popped out to shortstop. Heyward grounded out to first. Bourjos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Ahmed grounded out to second. Anderson grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez singled to left. Wong popped out to shortstop. Carpenter lined out to left. Holliday flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Trumbo grounded out to second. Goldschmidt grounded out to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Adams reached on bunt single to shortstop. Peralta singled to left, Adams to second. Molina grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Peralta out at second, Adams to third. Heyward singled to left, Adams scored. Bourjos struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Tomás reached on infield single to third. Owings singled to center, Tomás to second. Gosewisch struck out swinging. Ahmed struck out swinging. Anderson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Martínez struck out swinging. Wong singled to left. Wong caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Carpenter singled to right. Holliday singled to right, Carpenter to second. Carpenter to third, Holliday to second on wild pitch by Anderson. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte singled to center. Trumbo grounded out to third, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt struck out looking. Peralta walked. Tomás flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Anderson pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta walked. Molina flied out to center. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta out at second. Bourjos reached on infield single to shortstop, Heyward to second. Martínez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 7th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Owings struck out swinging. Gosewisch walked. Ahmed grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Gosewisch out at second. Hill hit for Anderson. Hill grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Pérez pitching for Diamondbacks. Wong flied out to right. Carpenter lined out to left. Holliday reached on infield single to first. Adams walked, Holliday to second. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte singled to right. Trumbo homered to center (422 feet), Inciarte scored. Goldschmidt walked. Peralta walked, Goldschmidt to second. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Tomás flied out to right. Owings sacrificed to third, Goldschmidt to third, Peralta to second. Gosewisch struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Delgado pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina popped out to shortstop. Heyward struck out swinging. Bourjos singled to center. Grichuk hit for Maness. Bourjos caught stealing second, catcher to second. Grichuk batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Grichuk in center field. Ahmed popped out to second. Pollock hit for Delgado. Pollock fouled out to catcher. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Burgos pitching for Diamondbacks. Grichuk singled to left. Wong singled to center, Grichuk to second. Ramírez pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter struck out swinging. Holliday struck out swinging. Adams struck out looking. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Top 10th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Trumbo popped out to shortstop. Goldschmidt reached on infield single to third. Peralta walked, Goldschmidt to second. Tomás singled to right, Goldschmidt to third, Peralta to second. Owings struck out looking. Gosewisch grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 10th. Ramirez pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta homered to left center (367 feet). 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Diamondbacks 2 - Cardinals 3.	Cardinals outlast Diamondbacks 3-2 in 10 innings