Cardinals - Top 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Bourjos struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to center. Peralta flied out to center. Heyward grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco doubled to deep left center. Walker singled to center, Polanco to third. McCutchen grounded into double play, second to catcher to third to second, Polanco out at home, Walker out at second, McCutchen to first. Kang grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McCutchen out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Molina struck out swinging. Reynolds walked. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to third, Reynolds out at second. Grichuk caught stealing second, catcher to second. Scruggs batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Álvarez grounded out to second. Mercer grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Scruggs struck out swinging. Martínez grounded out to second. Bourjos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez walked. Locke sacrificed to catcher, Rodriguez to second. Polanco walked. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Carpenter grounded out to first. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. Heyward walked. Molina singled to left, Heyward to second. Reynolds struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Kang hit by pitch. Cervelli singled to left, Kang to second. Kang to third, Cervelli to second on wild pitch by Martínez. Álvarez lined into double play, pitcher to third, Kang out at third. Mercer struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Grichuk singled to center. Scruggs grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grichuk safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer. Martínez sacrificed to pitcher, Grichuk to third, Scruggs to second. Bourjos hit by pitch. Carpenter singled to right center, Grichuk and Scruggs scored, Bourjos to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Heyward walked, Bourjos to third, Carpenter to second. Molina singled to center, Bourjos and Carpenter scored, Heyward to third. Molina stole second. Reynolds flied out to center. 4 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez bunt grounded out to catcher. Lombardozzi hit for Locke. Lombardozzi struck out swinging. Polanco struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Worley pitching for Pirates. Grichuk flied out to right. Wong hit for Scruggs. Wong singled to right. Martínez grounded into double play, pitcher to shortstop to first, Wong out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Carpenter at third base. Reynolds at first base. Wong at second base. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Walker struck out swinging. McCutchen lined out to third. Kang grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Bourjos flied out to left. Carpenter struck out looking. Peralta grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli grounded out to third. Álvarez struck out swinging. Mercer struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Richard Worley pitching for Pirates. Heyward grounded out to second. Molina struck out looking. Reynolds grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez flied out to center. Ishikawa hit for Worley. Ishikawa doubled to deep center. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Polanco lined out to left. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Johnson at first base. Walker grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Rodriguez at second base. Ishikawa in left field. Grichuk struck out looking. Wong hit by pitch. Johnson grounded out to third, Wong to second. Bourjos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Maness pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen homered to center (444 feet). Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Kang lined out to left. Cervelli struck out looking. Álvarez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 4 - Pirates 1.	Cards' Martinez dominates Pirates in All-Star bid