Cardinals - Top 1st. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Carpenter walked. Wong grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Carpenter out at second. Peralta flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 1st. Cooney pitching for Cardinals. Mercer grounded out to second. Walker singled to center. McCutchen struck out looking. Marte lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Heyward walked. Molina singled to right, Heyward to third. Reynolds grounded into double play, pitcher to second to first, Heyward scored, Molina out at second. Grichuk reached on infield single to shortstop. Bourjos singled to right, Grichuk to third. Bourjos to second on wild pitch by Liriano. Cooney lined out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 2nd. Cooney pitching for Cardinals. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli tripled to deep center. Rodriguez flied out to right. Polanco intentionally walked. Liriano singled to right, Cervelli and Polanco scored. Mercer singled to right, Liriano to third. Walker flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Carpenter struck out swinging. Wong grounded out to second. Peralta homered to left (405 feet). Heyward grounded out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 3rd. Cooney pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen struck out swinging. Marte struck out swinging. Kang walked. Kang caught stealing second, catcher to second. Cervelli batting. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Molina struck out looking. Reynolds flied out to center. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 4th. Cooney pitching for Cardinals. Cervelli struck out looking. Rodriguez doubled to right. Polanco singled to right, Rodriguez scored, Polanco to second advancing on throw. Liriano struck out swinging. Mercer grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Bourjos grounded out to shortstop. Cooney grounded out to shortstop. Carpenter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 5th. Cooney pitching for Cardinals. Walker lined out to left. McCutchen grounded out to second. Marte flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Wong struck out swinging. Peralta walked. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Peralta out at second. Molina grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 6th. Villanueva pitching for Cardinals. Kang grounded out to shortstop. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Rodriguez grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Liriano pitching for Pirates. Reynolds struck out swinging. Grichuk singled to left center. Bourjos walked, Grichuk to second. Pham hit for Villanueva. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Pham grounded into fielder's choice to third, Bourjos out at second, Grichuk to third. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Carpenter lined out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Polanco reached on bunt single to pitcher. Hernández hit for Bastardo. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Hernández grounded out to catcher, Polanco to second. Mercer flied out to left. Walker struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Watson pitching for Pirates. Wong hit by pitch. Peralta singled to left, Wong to second. Heyward safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer, Wong to third, Peralta to second. Molina grounded out to third, Wong scored, Peralta to third, Heyward to second. Reynolds lined out to second. Grichuk walked. Bourjos struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Pirates - Bottom 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen struck out swinging. Marte lined out to third. Kang walked. Cervelli flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Melancon pitching for Pirates. Johnson hit for Siegrist. Johnson struck out swinging. Carpenter grounded out to second. Wong lined out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 9th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Rodriguez struck out looking. Polanco struck out looking. Álvarez hit for Melancon. Álvarez popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 10th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Peralta singled to shallow left. Heyward singled to left, Peralta to second. Kozma ran for Peralta. Molina grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Heyward out at second, Kozma to third. Reynolds hit by pitch, Molina to second. Grichuk doubled to center, Kozma and Molina scored, Reynolds thrown out at home, Grichuk to third advancing on throw. Bourjos lined out to second. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Bottom 10th. Kozma at shortstop. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Mercer singled to left. Walker flied out to center. McCutchen grounded out to third, Mercer to second. Marte singled to right, Mercer scored. Kang singled to center, Marte to second. Cervelli singled to right, Marte scored, Kang to third. Ishikawa hit for Rodriguez. Ishikawa walked, Cervelli to second. Polanco singled to right, Kang scored, Cervelli to third, Ishikawa to second. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Pirates 6.	Polanco caps late rally as Pirates top Cards in 10