Rockies - Top 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon tripled to deep right center. LeMahieu grounded out to first. González hit sacrifice fly to right, Blackmon scored. Arenado fouled out to first. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Carpenter struck out swinging. Grichuk singled to left center. Wong flied out to left. Peralta grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Paulsen grounded out to second. McKenry lined out to pitcher. Stubbs struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Molina singled to right. Moss grounded into double play, first to third to first, Molina out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Descalso grounded out to first. De La Rosa grounded out to catcher. Blackmon doubled to right. LeMahieu lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Piscotty grounded out to third. Lynn struck out swinging. Carpenter lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. González walked. Arenado homered to left (408 feet), González scored. Paulsen struck out swinging. McKenry doubled to deep center. Stubbs grounded out to third. Descalso intentionally walked. De La Rosa singled to left, McKenry to third, Descalso to second. Blackmon struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Grichuk grounded out to shortstop. Wong grounded out to second. Peralta homered to center (428 feet). Heyward lined out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. LeMahieu struck out swinging. González struck out looking. Arenado fouled out to catcher. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Molina lined out to center. Moss singled to left. Piscotty singled to left, Moss to second. Lynn struck out swinging. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Paulsen homered to center (440 feet). McKenry walked. Stubbs singled to right, McKenry to second. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Descalso grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Stubbs out at second, McKenry to third. De La Rosa struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Grichuk grounded out to third. Wong grounded out to shortstop. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 7th. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon flied out to right. LeMahieu singled to right center. González flied out to left. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Arenado singled to center, LeMahieu to second. Paulsen doubled to deep left center, LeMahieu and Arenado scored. McKenry flied out to center. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. De La Rosa pitching for Rockies. Heyward doubled to deep center. Molina struck out swinging. Moss flied out to center, Heyward to third. Piscotty singled to center, Heyward scored. Reynolds hit for Maness. Betancourt pitching for Rockies. Reynolds lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 8th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Stubbs struck out looking. Descalso grounded out to second. Parker hit for Betancourt. Parker lined out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Logan pitching for Rockies. Carpenter singled to center. Grichuk grounded into fielder's choice to third, Carpenter out at second. Wong struck out swinging. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Grichuk out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Top 9th. Cishek pitching for Cardinals. Blackmon hit by pitch. LeMahieu singled to right, Blackmon to third. González grounded into fielder's choice to first, LeMahieu to second. Arenado grounded into double play, second to catcher to third, Blackmon out at home, LeMahieu out at third, González to second, Arenado to first. Paulsen grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Arenado out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 9th. Kahnle pitching for Rockies. Heyward struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Moss grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rockies 6 - Cardinals 2.	Arenado homers as Rockies beat Cardinals 6-2