Pirates - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco flied out to right. Marte doubled to left. McCutchen struck out looking. Ramírez hit by pitch. Kang doubled to deep right, Marte scored, Ramírez to third. Walker grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Locke pitching for Pirates. Carpenter singled to center. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to second, Carpenter out at second. Peralta singled to center, Wong to third. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice, first to shortstop, Wong scored, Peralta out at second. Grichuk safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Ramírez, Heyward to third. Molina grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Pirates - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Álvarez struck out swinging. Cervelli grounded out to shortstop. Locke grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Piscotty flied out to right. Reynolds grounded out to third. Martínez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco tripled to deep right. Marte popped out to shortstop. McCutchen struck out swinging. Ramírez singled to left, Polanco scored. Kang struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Locke pitching for Pirates. Carpenter walked. Wong singled to right, Carpenter to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Heyward reached on infield single to first, Carpenter to third, Wong to second. Grichuk struck out swinging. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Walker grounded out to second. Álvarez homered to center (447 feet). Cervelli grounded out to third. Locke struck out looking. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Piscotty doubled to left. Reynolds lined out to second. Martínez flied out to center, Piscotty to third. Carpenter flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Polanco singled to right. Marte singled to right, Polanco to second. McCutchen grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Marte out at second, Polanco to third. Ramírez lined out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Locke pitching for Pirates. Wong walked. Peralta walked, Wong to second. Heyward singled to right, Wong scored, Peralta to second. Grichuk grounded out to third, Peralta to third, Heyward to second. Molina hit sacrifice fly to center, Peralta scored, Heyward to third. Piscotty singled to center, Heyward scored. Reynolds flied out to right. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Kang grounded out to third. Walker struck out swinging. Álvarez doubled to deep right center. Cervelli flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Caminero pitching for Pirates. Martínez struck out swinging. Carpenter grounded out to second. Wong singled to left. Peralta flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 7th. Ishikawa hit for Caminero. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. Ishikawa struck out swinging. Polanco reached on infield single to second. Marte grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Polanco out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Bastardo pitching for Pirates. Heyward flied out to left. Grichuk flied out to right. Molina flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 8th. Martinez pitching for Cardinals. McCutchen flied out to center. Ramírez flied out to right. Kang struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Hughes pitching for Pirates. Piscotty reached on infield single to pitcher. Reynolds singled to left, Piscotty to second. Bourjos hit for Martínez. Bourjos sacrificed to third, Piscotty to third, Reynolds to second. Carpenter walked. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to first, Piscotty out at home, Reynolds to third, Carpenter to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to third, Wong out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Pirates - Top 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Bourjos in center field. Walker struck out looking. Álvarez struck out swinging. Cervelli struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Pirates 3 - Cardinals 4.	Martinez goes 8 strong, Cardinals edge Pirates 4-3