Marlins - Top 1st. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Gordon grounded out to first. Prado flied out to center. Dietrich struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Carpenter lined out to center. Wong flied out to left. Peralta walked. Heyward popped out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. McGehee grounded out to third. Gillespie grounded out to shortstop. Realmuto struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Molina grounded out to second. Grichuk singled to right. Piscotty flied out to right, Grichuk to second. Reynolds safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Prado, Grichuk to third. García flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 3rd. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Suzuki grounded out to pitcher. Hechavarría grounded out to second. Koehler struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Carpenter struck out looking. Wong popped out to shortstop. Peralta flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Gordon singled to center. Gordon picked off first. Prado singled to left center. Dietrich struck out swinging. McGehee grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Heyward grounded out to shortstop. Molina flied out to right. Grichuk struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Gillespie grounded out to pitcher. Realmuto struck out swinging. Suzuki singled to left. Hechavarría grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Suzuki out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Piscotty flied out to right. Reynolds doubled to deep center. García grounded out to second, Reynolds to third. Carpenter reached on bunt single to third, Reynolds scored. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Carpenter out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Koehler grounded out to first. Gordon grounded out to first. Prado grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Peralta grounded out to second. Heyward grounded out to first. Molina grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 7th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Dietrich popped out to third. McGehee singled to center. Gillespie singled to right, McGehee to second. Realmuto grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Gillespie out at second, McGehee to third. Suzuki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 7th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Grichuk doubled to deep right center. Piscotty grounded out to second, Grichuk to third. Reynolds singled to left, Grichuk scored. Reynolds caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. García grounded out to first. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Hechavarría reached on bunt single to pitcher. Rojas hit for Koehler. Rojas grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Hechavarría out at second. Gordon grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Bottom 8th. Dunn pitching for Marlins. Carpenter homered to center (412 feet). Wong grounded out to first. Peralta doubled to deep right. Heyward lined out to shortstop. Molina grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Garcia pitching for Cardinals. Prado struck out swinging. Dietrich hit by pitch. McGehee walked, Dietrich to second. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Gillespie singled to right, Dietrich to third, McGehee to second, Dietrich scored on error by right fielder Heyward. Realmuto flied out to left. Suzuki popped out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 1 - Cardinals 3.	Garcia, Carpenter team up to lead Cardinals over Marlins