Cardinals - Top 1st. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter flied out to center. Pham lined out to center. Peralta singled to left. Heyward flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte grounded out to catcher. Pollock lined out to right. Goldschmidt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty doubled to left. Reynolds struck out swinging. Garcia grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Peralta struck out swinging. Castillo homered to right center (413 feet). Lamb reached on infield single to third. Hill grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Lamb out at second, Hill to second on throwing error by second baseman Garcia. Owings struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Lynn grounded out to second. Carpenter homered to center (432 feet). Pham lined out to left. Peralta grounded out to third. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Chacín grounded out to shortstop. Inciarte singled to center. Pollock grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Inciarte out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Heyward struck out looking. Molina grounded out to shortstop. Piscotty struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Goldschmidt flied out to left. Peralta singled to right. Castillo singled to center, Peralta to third. Lamb walked, Castillo to second. Hill grounded into double play, third to first, Castillo out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Reynolds singled to left. Garcia grounded into fielder's choice to first, Reynolds safe at second on throwing error by first baseman Goldschmidt. Lynn struck out bunting foul. Carpenter struck out swinging. Pham flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Owings struck out swinging. Chacín singled to right. Inciarte grounded into fielder's choice to second, Chacín safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Garcia. Pollock reached on bunt single to third, Chacín to third, Inciarte to second. Goldschmidt grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pollock out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 6th. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Peralta walked. Heyward grounded into fielder's choice to first, Peralta out at second. Molina singled to left center, Heyward to second, Heyward to third on error by left fielder Peralta. Piscotty grounded into fielder's choice to third, Heyward scored, Molina out at second. Reynolds lined out to center. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Diamondbacks - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Peralta reached on infield single to second. Castillo grounded into double play, third to second to first, Peralta out at second. Lamb walked. Hill doubled to deep center, Lamb scored. Owings bunt popped out foul to catcher. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Chacin pitching for Diamondbacks. Garcia singled to center. Bourjos hit for Lynn. Bourjos sacrificed to third, Garcia to third. Chafin pitching for Diamondbacks. Carpenter walked. Hudson pitching for Diamondbacks. Ahmed at shortstop. Pham singled to right, Garcia scored, Carpenter to second. Peralta struck out swinging. Heyward walked, Carpenter to third, Pham to second. Molina singled to right, Carpenter and Pham scored, Heyward to second. Piscotty struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 7th. Broxton pitching for Cardinals. Kozma at second base. Ahmed singled to left. Inciarte lined out to left. Pollock lined out to center. Goldschmidt walked, Ahmed to second. Peralta grounded into fielder's choice to second, Ahmed to third, Goldschmidt safe at second on throwing error by second baseman Kozma. Castillo lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Cardinals - Top 8th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Saltalamacchia catching. Reynolds flied out to center. Moss hit for Broxton. Moss walked. Kozma fouled out to first. Carpenter popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 8th. Siegrist pitching for Cardinals. Lamb struck out looking. Hill struck out looking. Saltalamacchia singled to left center. Ahmed popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Collmenter pitching for Diamondbacks. Pham lined out to left. Peralta lined out to left. Heyward singled to center. Molina flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Diamondbacks - Bottom 9th. Rosenthal pitching for Cardinals. Inciarte grounded out to shortstop. Pollock doubled to deep right. Goldschmidt flied out to right, Pollock to third. Peralta singled to right, Pollock scored. Tomás hit for Collmenter. Tomás struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 5 - Diamondbacks 3.	St. Louis turns turn 4 double plays in 5-3 win over Arizona