Cardinals - Top 1st. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Carpenter struck out swinging. Piscotty walked. Peralta grounded into double play, third to second to first, Piscotty out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 1st. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Aoki flied out to left. Duffy singled to right. Belt walked, Duffy to second. Byrd struck out swinging. Blanco fouled out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 2nd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Heyward singled to right. Molina lined out to center. Wong singled to left, Heyward to second. Pham grounded out to pitcher, Heyward to third, Wong to second. Moss intentionally walked. Lynn grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Moss out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 2nd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tomlinson flied out to right. Susac grounded out to third. Adrianza flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 3rd. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Carpenter struck out swinging. Piscotty reached on infield single to shortstop. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Piscotty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 3rd. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Vogelsong struck out looking. Aoki grounded out to second. Duffy flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 4th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Heyward flied out to right. Molina singled to right. Wong grounded into fielder's choice to second, Molina out at second. Pham grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 4th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Belt singled to right center. Byrd flied out to center. Blanco lined out to center. Belt caught stealing second, pitcher to first to second. Tomlinson batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 5th. Vogelsong pitching for Giants. Moss tripled to right. Lynn struck out swinging. Carpenter singled to right, Moss scored. Piscotty singled to left, Carpenter to second. Peralta grounded out to shortstop, Carpenter to third, Piscotty to second. Heyward walked. Kontos pitching for Giants. Carpenter scored, Piscotty to third, Heyward to second on wild pitch by Kontos. Molina singled to right, Piscotty and Heyward scored. Wong struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 5th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Tomlinson walked. Susac grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Tomlinson out at second. Adrianza doubled to deep left. Maxwell hit for Kontos. Maxwell reached on infield single to second, Adrianza to third. Aoki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 6th. Petit pitching for Giants. Pham struck out swinging. Moss struck out swinging. Lynn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 6th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Duffy grounded out to first. Belt grounded out to shortstop. Byrd grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 7th. Petit pitching for Giants. Carpenter flied out to center. Piscotty singled to shallow left center. Peralta grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Piscotty out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 7th. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Blanco singled to right. Tomlinson grounded into fielder's choice to third, Blanco out at second. Susac fouled out to right. Adrianza lined out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 8th. Petit pitching for Giants. Heyward grounded out to third. Molina struck out swinging. Wong tripled to deep right center. Pham walked. Moss grounded out to pitcher. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 8th. Pérez hit for Petit. Lynn pitching for Cardinals. Pérez reached on infield single to pitcher. Choate pitching for Cardinals. Aoki struck out swinging. Maness pitching for Cardinals. Duffy grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Pérez out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Cardinals - Top 9th. Broadway pitching for Giants. Garcia hit for Maness. Garcia grounded out to first. Carpenter doubled to deep right. Piscotty tripled to deep right center, Carpenter scored. Peralta flied out to right. Heyward reached on infield single to shortstop, Piscotty scored. Molina grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Giants - Bottom 9th. Tuivailala pitching for Cardinals. Belt struck out swinging. Byrd struck out looking. Blanco singled to left. Tomlinson walked, Blanco to second. Susac struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Cardinals 6 - Giants 0.	Lynn beats Giants for 1st time, hurts ankle, Cardinals win