Mariners - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Almonte struck out swinging. Miller flied out to left. Cano grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Elias pitching for Mariners. Andrus singled to right, Choo to second. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Andrus out at second, Choo to third. Fielder struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Hart struck out swinging. Saunders struck out looking. Seager singled to center. Smoak singled to right, Seager to second. Ackley flied out to center. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Kouzmanoff grounded out to pitcher. Choice singled to left. Arencibia flied out to right. Martin bunt grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Zunino struck out looking. Almonte lined out to right. Miller singled to left. Cano flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Elias pitching for Mariners. Wilson singled to right. Choo grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Wilson out at second. Andrus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Hart grounded out to pitcher. Saunders singled to center. Saunders caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Seager hit by pitch. Smoak grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Rios struck out swinging. Fielder grounded out to second. Kouzmanoff flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Ackley grounded out to first. Zunino homered to center (431 feet). Almonte grounded out to first. Miller lined out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Choice walked. Arencibia grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Choice out at second. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 6th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Cano reached on infield single to shortstop. Hart popped out to second. Saunders tripled to deep center, Cano scored. Seager singled to center, Saunders scored. Figueroa pitching for Rangers. Smoak grounded into fielder's choice to third, Seager safe at second on error by third baseman Kouzmanoff. Ackley singled to right, Seager scored, Smoak advanced to third on an error by rightfielder Rios. Zunino singled to left, Smoak scored, Ackley to second. Almonte reached on infield single to third, Ackley to third, Zunino to second. Miller grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Ackley scored on error by catcher Arencibia, Zunino to third, Almonte to second. Cano hit sacrifice fly to center, Zunino scored. Noesi pitching for Rangers. Hart struck out swinging. 6 Runs, 6 Hits, 3 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Wilson lined out to center. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 7th. Noesi pitching for Rangers. Saunders grounded out to first. Seager grounded out to second. Smoak doubled to deep right center. Ackley grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Elias pitching for Mariners. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Fielder doubled to left. Kouzmanoff singled to right, Fielder scored. Choice struck out swinging. Moreland hit for Arencibia. Moreland flied out to left. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 8th. Noesi pitching for Rangers. Zunino grounded out to catcher. Almonte grounded out to first. Miller struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Medina pitching for Mariners. Martin walked. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. Choo walked. Andrus lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Mariners - Top 9th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Cano grounded out to shortstop. Hart walked. Romero ran for Hart. Saunders grounded into fielder's choice to second, Romero out at second. Seager struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Farquhar pitching for Mariners. Rios singled to left. Fielder reached on infield single to pitcher, Rios to second. Kouzmanoff popped out to shortstop. Adduci struck out swinging. Chirinos flied out to right. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Mariners 7 - Rangers 1.	Mariners add run on replay, beat Rangers 7-1