Rangers - Top 1st. Richards pitching for Angels. Choo walked. Andrus struck out swinging. Beltre struck out swinging. Choo stole second. Fielder struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 1st. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Cowgill grounded out to shortstop. Trout walked. Pujols flied out to left. Kendrick reached on infield single to shortstop, Trout to second. Cron singled to left, Trout scored, Kendrick to third, Cron to second on throwing error by left fielder Choo. Aybar grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 2nd. Richards pitching for Angels. Rios popped out to first. Moreland singled to left center. Murphy singled to center, Moreland to second. Martin grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Murphy out at second, Moreland to third. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 2nd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Iannetta flied out to center. Jimenez struck out swinging. Green singled to center. Cowgill singled to right, Green to second. Trout walked, Green to third, Cowgill to second. Pujols grounded into fielder's choice to third, Cowgill out at third, Trout to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Richards pitching for Angels. Choo grounded out to shortstop. Andrus grounded out to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 3rd. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Kendrick reached on infield single to second. Cron doubled to deep right center, Kendrick to third. Aybar grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick scored, Cron out at third. Iannetta struck out swinging. Jimenez struck out looking. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Richards pitching for Angels. Fielder singled to center. Rios singled to right, Fielder to third. Moreland grounded into fielder's choice to second, Fielder scored, Rios out at second. Murphy singled to left, Moreland to second. Martin struck out swinging. Chirinos singled to right, Moreland scored, Murphy to third. Choo singled to center, Murphy scored, Chirinos to third. Andrus struck out swinging. 3 Runs, 5 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 4th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Green singled to left. Cowgill singled to left, Green to second. Trout grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Green out at third, Cowgill to second. Pujols singled to left, Cowgill scored, Trout to second. Kendrick grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Pujols out at second, Trout to third. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick out at second. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Richards pitching for Angels. Beltre struck out swinging. Fielder lined out to center. Rios singled to center. Moreland flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 5th. Harrison pitching for Rangers. Aybar doubled to deep right center. Iannetta walked. Jimenez sacrificed to catcher, Aybar to third, Iannetta to second. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Green struck out swinging. Cowgill popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Richards pitching for Angels. Murphy struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos doubled to deep right, Chirinos to third on error by right fielder Cowgill. Choo intentionally walked. Andrus struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Bottom 6th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Trout struck out looking. Pujols struck out swinging. Kendrick doubled to deep right. Cron singled to left, Kendrick scored. Aybar lined out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Salas pitching for Angels. Beltre flied out to left. Fielder grounded out to second. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 7th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Iannetta popped out to second. Jimenez grounded out to third. Green flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Frieri pitching for Angels. Moreland struck out swinging. Murphy struck out swinging. Martin popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Bottom 8th. Ogando pitching for Rangers. Cowgill singled to left. Trout struck out looking. Pujols walked, Cowgill to second. Stewart ran for Pujols. Kendrick doubled to deep right center, Cowgill scored, Stewart to third. Cron grounded into fielder's choice to second, Stewart out at home, Kendrick to third. Aybar flied out to right. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Smith pitching for Angels. Chirinos popped out to second. Choo reached on infield single to shortstop. Andrus grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 3 - Angels 5.	Cron shines in majors debut as Angels roll