Rangers - Top 1st. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Choo grounded out to second. Wilson grounded out to third. Beltre struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 1st. Perez pitching for Rangers. Barnes struck out swinging. Stubbs grounded out to third. Tulowitzki grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Fielder flied out to left. Rios grounded out to shortstop. Chirinos lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 2nd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez doubled to deep left. Arenado homered to left (400 feet), Gonzalez scored. Morneau grounded out to second. Pacheco grounded out to second. LeMahieu safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Lyles struck out looking. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Martin popped out to shortstop. Andrus doubled to right. Perez sacrificed to pitcher, Andrus to third. Choo walked. Choo stole second. Wilson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 3rd. Perez pitching for Rangers. Barnes doubled to deep right center. Stubbs singled to right, Barnes to third. Tulowitzki walked, Stubbs to second. Gonzalez grounded out to first, Barnes scored, Stubbs to third, Tulowitzki to second. Arenado intentionally walked. Morneau grounded into double play, second to first, Arenado out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. Fielder singled to right. Rios grounded into double play, third to second to first, Fielder out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 4th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. LeMahieu grounded out to second. Lyles grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Chirinos struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to first. Andrus safe at first on error by third baseman Arenado. Perez struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 5th. Perez pitching for Rangers. Barnes struck out swinging. Stubbs doubled to deep right. Tulowitzki homered to right (373 feet), Stubbs scored. Gonzalez doubled to deep center. Arenado walked. Morneau struck out swinging. Pacheco struck out looking. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Choo doubled to deep right center, Choo to third on error by center fielder Stubbs. Wilson grounded out to shortstop, Choo scored. Beltre singled to center. Fielder grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Beltre out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rockies - Bottom 6th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. LeMahieu singled to center. Lyles grounded into double play, third to shortstop to first, LeMahieu out at second. Barnes grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Rios grounded out to third. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Martin struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 7th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Stubbs doubled to deep left center. Tulowitzki homered to right (382 feet), Stubbs scored. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez struck out swinging. Arenado grounded out to second. Morneau doubled to deep center. Pacheco grounded out to shortstop. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Andrus flied out to right. Robertson hit for Poreda. Robertson singled to right center. Choo singled to left center, Robertson to second. Wilson grounded into double play, third to second to first, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rockies - Bottom 8th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. LeMahieu struck out swinging. Lyles reached on infield single to shortstop. Barnes doubled to deep left, Lyles to third. Stubbs hit sacrifice fly to right, Lyles scored, Barnes to third. Tulowitzki walked. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Gonzalez grounded out to second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Lyles pitching for Rockies. Beltre singled to left center. Masset pitching for Rockies. Fielder walked, Beltre to second. Rios grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Fielder out at second, Beltre to third. Moreland hit for Chirinos. Moreland singled to right center, Beltre scored. Martin singled to right, Moreland to third. Andrus grounded out to third. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 2 - Rockies 8.	Torrid Tulowitzki's 2 HRs trip Texas