Rangers - Top 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Choo singled to right. Andrus grounded out to third, Choo to second. Moreland struck out swinging. Choo caught stealing third, catcher to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Kinsler flied out to center. Hunter grounded out to pitcher. Cabrera walked. Martinez hit ground rule double to left, Cabrera to third. Jackson popped out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre flied out to left. Rios struck out swinging. Gimenez struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Avila struck out swinging. Castellanos grounded out to shortstop. Romine singled to left. Davis doubled to left, Romine scored. Davis caught stealing third, pitcher to second to third. Kinsler batting. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Martin struck out looking. Murphy singled to left center. Odor reached on infield single to shortstop, Murphy to second. Choo grounded into fielder's choice to second, Odor out at second, Murphy to third. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Choo out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Kinsler grounded out to pitcher. Hunter lined out to right. Cabrera flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Moreland flied out to center. Beltre singled to center. Rios flied out to left. Gimenez doubled to deep right, Beltre scored, Gimenez to third on error by catcher Avila. Martin singled to center, Gimenez scored. Murphy walked, Martin to second. Odor tripled to deep right, Martin and Murphy scored. Choo grounded out to first. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 1 Error. Tigers - Bottom 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Martinez flied out to center. Jackson grounded out to second. Avila grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Andrus singled to center. Andrus caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Moreland struck out looking. Beltre homered to left (385 feet). Rios singled to center. Gimenez lined out to left. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Castellanos struck out looking. Romine singled to center. Davis flied out to left. Kinsler singled to right, Romine to second. Hunter grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Kinsler out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Martin singled to right. Martin stole second. Murphy homered to right (375 feet), Martin scored. Odor grounded out to second. Choo walked. Knebel pitching for Tigers. Andrus grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Choo out at second. Andrus stole second. Moreland safe at second on error by center fielder Jackson, Andrus scored. Beltre grounded out to pitcher. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 6th. Choice in left field. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Cabrera grounded out to first. Martinez singled to left. Jackson singled to left, Martinez to second. Avila singled to left, Martinez to third, Jackson to second. Castellanos lined into double play, second to first, Avila doubled off first. 0 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 7th. Knebel pitching for Tigers. Rios singled to center. Gimenez struck out looking. Martin walked, Rios to second. Murphy walked, Rios to third, Martin to second. Odor tripled to deep right, Rios, Martin and Murphy scored. Coke pitching for Tigers. Choice struck out swinging. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 7th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Romine struck out swinging. Davis grounded out to second. Kinsler singled to left center. Hunter struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Martinez in right field. Kelly at first base. Holaday catching. Coke pitching for Tigers. Moreland struck out swinging. Beltre walked. Sardinas ran for Beltre. Rios singled to right, Sardinas to second. Gimenez grounded into double play, third to second to first, Rios out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 8th. Sardinas at third base. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Kelly grounded out to shortstop. Martinez singled to left. Jackson doubled to deep left center, Martinez to third. Martinez popped out to shortstop. Castellanos walked. Romine grounded into fielder's choice to third, Castellanos out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Worth pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to first. Murphy grounded out to catcher. Odor doubled to left. Choice doubled to deep left, Odor scored. Andrus singled to right, Choice to third. Moreland grounded out to first. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Bottom 9th. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Davis doubled to deep left. Kinsler singled to center, Davis scored. Holaday grounded into fielder's choice to third, Kinsler out at second. Kelly grounded out to first, Holaday to second. Martinez struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 12 - Tigers 2.	Odor (5 RBIs) stars for Rangers