Orioles - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Markakis fouled out to third. Machado grounded out to third. Cruz safe at second on error by shortstop Sardinas. Jones singled to center, Cruz scored. Davis struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Norris pitching for Orioles. Choo hit by pitch. Sardinas grounded into double play, first to shortstop to first, Choo out at second. Moreland walked. Beltre homered to right (412 feet), Moreland scored. Rios struck out swinging. 2 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Hardy grounded out to shortstop. Schoop popped out to shortstop. Lough singled to right. Joseph flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Murphy fouled out to catcher. Martin grounded out to first. Chirinos singled to right. Odor fouled out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Markakis homered to right (389 feet). Machado doubled to deep left. Cruz safe at first on throwing error by shortstop Sardinas. Jones singled to center, Machado scored, Cruz to second. Davis walked, Cruz to third, Jones to second. Hardy hit sacrifice fly to right, Cruz scored, Jones to third. Schoop grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Davis out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Norris pitching for Orioles. Choo walked. Sardinas flied out to left. Moreland struck out swinging. Beltre popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 4th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Lough flied out to center. Joseph singled to deep left, Joseph out stretching at second. Markakis walked. Machado flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Rios doubled to deep left. Murphy struck out swinging. Martin grounded out to second, Rios to third. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 5th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Cruz singled to center. Cruz out at second on runner's fielder's choice. Jones flied out to right. Davis homered to right (374 feet). Hardy grounded out to third. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Norris pitching for Orioles. Odor struck out swinging. Choo flied out to left. Sardinas singled to center. Moreland reached on infield single to third, Sardinas to second. Beltre homered to right center (393 feet), Sardinas and Moreland scored. Rios flied out to right. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 6th. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Schoop singled to left. Lough walked, Schoop to second. Joseph bunted into fielder's choice to pitcher, Schoop out at third, Lough to second. Poreda pitching for Rangers. Lough caught stealing third, catcher to third, Joseph to second on runner's fielder's choice. Markakis singled to left, Joseph scored. Machado singled to right center, Markakis to second. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Cruz reached on infield single to second, Markakis to third, Machado to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. 1 Run, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Murphy struck out swinging. Martin reached on bunt single to third, Martin to second on throwing error by third baseman Machado. Chirinos flied out to center. Andrus hit for Odor. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Orioles - Top 7th. Sardinas at second base. Andrus at shortstop. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Davis struck out looking. Hardy flied out to center. Schoop walked. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Lough struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. McFarland pitching for Orioles. Choo grounded out to third. Sardinas singled to center. Moreland struck out swinging. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Beltre flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 8th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Joseph lined out to center. Markakis walked. Machado struck out swinging. Cruz singled to left, Markakis to second. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Cruz out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. O'Day pitching for Orioles. Rios singled to right. Murphy bunted into fielder's choice to catcher, Rios out at second. Martin struck out swinging. Chirinos grounded into fielder's choice to third, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Orioles - Top 9th. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Davis walked. Hardy grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Davis out at second. Schoop flied out to center. Lough walked, Hardy to second. Joseph grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Britton pitching for Orioles. Andrus reached on bunt single to second. Choo grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. Sardinas singled to right. Choice hit for Moreland. Choice struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Orioles 6 - Rangers 5.	Markakis' homer, single help O's top Rangers 6-5