Indians - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Bourn walked. Cabrera singled to left center, Bourn to third, Cabrera to second advancing on throw. Brantley walked. Kipnis grounded out to first, Bourn scored, Cabrera to third, Brantley to second. Chisenhall singled to right, Cabrera scored, Brantley to third. Santana grounded into fielder's choice to first, Brantley scored, Chisenhall out at second. Murphy flied out to left. 3 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. House pitching for Indians. Robertson singled to center. Andrus walked, Robertson to second. Choo grounded out to first, Robertson to third, Andrus to second. Beltre grounded out to shortstop, Robertson scored, Andrus to third. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Giambi struck out swinging. Kottaras homered to right (426 feet). Bourn grounded out to first. Cabrera doubled to left. Brantley walked. Kipnis singled to right, Cabrera and Brantley scored. Chisenhall homered to right (354 feet), Kipnis scored. Santana fouled out to third. 5 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. House pitching for Indians. Murphy grounded out to first. Choice grounded out to third. Chirinos lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 3rd. Baker pitching for Rangers. Murphy doubled to deep center. Giambi flied out to right, Murphy to third. Kottaras hit sacrifice fly to center, Murphy scored. Bourn grounded out to second. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. House pitching for Indians. Sardinas walked. Robertson struck out looking. Andrus doubled to left, Sardinas to third. Sardinas scored, Andrus to third on wild pitch by House. Choo grounded out to first, Andrus scored. Beltre reached on infield single to shortstop. Rios tripled to deep center, Beltre scored. Murphy grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Brantley homered to right center (405 feet). Kipnis singled to right. Kipnis stole second. Chisenhall homered to right center (411 feet), Kipnis scored. Santana popped out to second. Murphy lined out to first. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. House pitching for Indians. Choice homered to left (357 feet). Chirinos grounded out to second. Sardinas safe at first on error by shortstop Cabrera. Robertson doubled to left, Sardinas scored. Atchison pitching for Indians. Andrus struck out swinging. Choo grounded out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Indians - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Giambi popped out to shortstop. Kottaras struck out looking. Bourn struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Atchison pitching for Indians. Beltre singled to right. Rios grounded into fielder's choice to pitcher, Beltre out at second. Murphy safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Chisenhall, Rios to second. Choice grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Murphy out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Indians - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Cabrera struck out swinging. Brantley singled to center. Kipnis flied out to center. Chisenhall doubled to deep left center, Brantley scored. Santana struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Axford pitching for Indians. Chirinos singled to right. Sardinas singled to right, Chirinos to third. Robertson struck out swinging, Sardinas stole second. Andrus grounded into double play, third to first to second, Sardinas out at second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 7th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Murphy struck out swinging. Giambi struck out swinging. Kottaras singled to right. Bourn grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Axford pitching for Indians. Choo struck out swinging. Beltre popped out to second. Rios singled to center. Murphy struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 8th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to right. Brantley singled to right, Cabrera to second. Kipnis singled to right, Cabrera scored, Brantley to third. Chisenhall homered to right (385 feet), Brantley and Kipnis scored. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Santana struck out swinging. Murphy grounded out to pitcher. Giambi struck out swinging. 4 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Raburn in left field. Carrasco pitching for Indians. Choice lined out to right. Chirinos homered to left (424 feet). Sardinas grounded out to first. Robertson struck out swinging. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Indians - Top 9th. Robertson in left field. Martin in center field. Ross Jr. pitching for Rangers. Kottaras struck out swinging. Bourn reached on infield single to second. Cabrera grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Bourn out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Outman pitching for Indians. Andrus struck out swinging. Martin lined out to right. Beltre popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Indians 17 - Rangers 7.	Chisenhall's 9 RBIs fuel Indians