Marlins - Top 1st. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Yelich flied out to left. Lucas singled to center. Stanton flied out to right. McGehee singled to left, Lucas to second. Jones walked, Lucas to third, McGehee to second. Ozuna fouled out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Choice struck out swinging. Andrus lined out to right. Choo flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Bour flied out to center. Mathis singled to right. Hechavarria flied out to right. Yelich grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Beltre popped out to shortstop. Rios singled to center. Snyder singled to right, Rios to third. Chirinos hit sacrifice fly to right, Rios scored. Martin struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Lucas walked. Stanton doubled to deep left, Lucas to third. McGehee struck out swinging. Jones grounded out to first, Lucas scored, Stanton to third. Ozuna flied out to right. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Odor struck out looking. Choice struck out looking. Andrus reached on bunt single to pitcher. Choo walked, Andrus to second. Beltre grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Bour singled to right. Mathis walked, Bour to second. Hechavarria struck out swinging. Yelich doubled to deep center, Bour and Mathis scored. Lucas grounded out to shortstop. Stanton intentionally walked. McGehee grounded into fielder's choice to third, Yelich out at third, Stanton to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Rios flied out to right. Snyder struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Jones grounded out to shortstop. Ozuna flied out to center. Bour reached on infield single to catcher. Mathis struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Martin struck out swinging. Odor singled to right. Choice flied out to center. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 6th. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Hechavarria flied out to right. Yelich doubled to center. Lucas grounded into fielder's choice to second. Stanton struck out swinging. McGehee singled to right, Yelich scored, Lucas to third. Jones grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, McGehee out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Koehler pitching for Marlins. Choo hit by pitch. Beltre singled to left, Choo to second. Rios walked, Choo to third, Beltre to second. Snyder walked, Choo scored, Beltre to third, Rios to second. Chirinos hit sacrifice fly to right, Beltre scored, Rios to third. Jennings pitching for Marlins. Robertson hit for Martin. Robertson struck out looking. Rios scored, Snyder to second on wild pitch by Jennings. Odor reached on infield single to second, Snyder scored, Odor to second on throwing error by first baseman Jones. Morris pitching for Marlins. Choice grounded out to third. 4 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Marlins - Top 7th. Robertson in center field. Frasor pitching for Rangers. Ozuna struck out looking. Bour singled to right. Mathis grounded into fielder's choice to center, Bour safe at second on error by second baseman Odor. Hechavarria flied out to center, Bour to third, Mathis to second. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Yelich singled to left, Bour and Mathis scored. Lucas lined out to second. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Morris pitching for Marlins. Andrus struck out swinging. Choo struck out swinging. Beltre singled to center. Rios grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 8th. Scheppers pitching for Rangers. Stanton walked. McGehee singled to left, Stanton to second, Stanton to third, McGehee to second on throwing error by left fielder Choice.G Stanton scored, McGehee to third on throwing error by pitcher Scheppers. Jones doubled to left, McGehee scored. Ozuna struck out swinging. Bour grounded out to second, Jones to third. Mathis grounded out to third. 2 Runs, 2 Hits, 2 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Ramos pitching for Marlins. Snyder struck out looking. Chirinos bunt grounded out to catcher. Robertson walked. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Marlins - Top 9th. Soria pitching for Rangers. Hechavarria popped out to shortstop. Yelich singled to center. Lucas struck out swinging. Stanton struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Cishek pitching for Marlins. Choice fouled out to first. Andrus struck out swinging. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Marlins 8 - Rangers 5.	Marlins beat Texas 8-5 for 13th win in a row vs AL