Tigers - Top 1st. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Kinsler popped out to shortstop. Hunter grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera singled to left center. Martinez singled to center, Cabrera to second. Martinez flied out to left. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to shortstop. Andrus singled to right, Andrus to second on error by right fielder Hunter. Choo flied out to left. Beltre walked. Rios struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Tigers - Top 2nd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Castellanos singled to left. Jackson flied out to center. Avila singled to right, Castellanos to second. Suarez flied out to right, Castellanos to third. Kinsler walked, Avila to second. Hunter walked, Castellanos scored, Avila to third, Kinsler to second. Cabrera flied out to center. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pena struck out swinging. Chirinos struck out swinging. Choice grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 3rd. Martinez pitching for Rangers. Martinez walked. Martinez flied out to right. Castellanos doubled to deep left, Martinez to third. Jackson singled to left center, Martinez and Castellanos scored. Avila walked, Jackson to second. Suarez walked, Jackson to third, Avila to second. Baker pitching for Rangers. Kinsler singled to left, Jackson scored, Avila to third, Suarez to second. Hunter grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Kinsler out at second. 3 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Sardinas grounded out to first. Martin walked. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 4th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to left. Martinez singled to right, Cabrera to third. Martinez hit sacrifice fly to center, Cabrera scored. Castellanos flied out to right. Jackson grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Choo grounded out to first. Beltre lined out to shortstop. Rios flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 5th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Avila struck out swinging. Suarez flied out to center. Kinsler lined out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Pena walked. Chirinos struck out swinging. Choice grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Pena out at second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 6th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Hunter flied out to right. Cabrera singled to center. Martinez grounded into double play, first to shortstop to pitcher, Cabrera out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Sardinas singled to center. Martin singled to left, Sardinas to second. Andrus grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Martin out at second, Sardinas to third. Choo struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 7th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Martinez safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Beltre. Castellanos struck out swinging. Jackson flied out to center. Avila grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 7th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Beltre flied out to center. Rios lined out to first. Pena struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 8th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Suarez grounded out to third. Kinsler singled to center. Hunter lined out to right. Cabrera doubled to deep center, Kinsler scored. Martinez intentionally walked. Martinez grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Martinez out at second. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Chirinos grounded out to shortstop. Choice grounded out to pitcher. Sardinas grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Tigers - Top 9th. Baker pitching for Rangers. Castellanos flied out to right. Jackson struck out swinging. Avila lined out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Porcello pitching for Tigers. Martin grounded out to second. Andrus grounded out to shortstop. Choo grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Tigers 6 - Rangers 0.	Porcello tosses 1st career shutout for Tigers