Rangers - Top 1st. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Choo grounded out to second. Andrus fouled out to first. Robertson hit for Rios. Robertson singled to center. Beltre fouled out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 1st. Robertson in right field. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Reyes struck out swinging. Kawasaki grounded out to shortstop. Cabrera reached on infield single to shortstop. Bautista walked, Cabrera to second. Navarro lined out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 2nd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Smolinski struck out looking. Martin grounded out to second. Arencibia singled to shallow left center. Odor grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 2nd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Rasmus popped out to third. Johnson walked. Francisco struck out swinging. Gose lined out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 3rd. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Chirinos grounded out to second. Choo grounded out to first. Andrus flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 3rd. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Reyes reached on infield single to first. Kawasaki grounded into double play, shortstop to first, Reyes out at second. Cabrera doubled to right. Bautista intentionally walked. Navarro grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 4th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Robertson reached on infield single to second. Beltre singled to right, Robertson to second. Smolinski struck out swinging. Martin struck out swinging. Arencibia grounded into fielder's choice to third, Robertson out at third. 0 Runs, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 4th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Rasmus singled to right center. Rasmus to third on wild pitch by Lewis. Johnson doubled to deep right center, Rasmus scored. Francisco struck out swinging. Gose reached on bunt single to pitcher, Johnson to third. Reyes popped out to shortstop. Kawasaki reached on infield single to shortstop, Johnson scored, Gose to second. Cabrera lined out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 5th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Odor struck out swinging. Chirinos grounded out to third. Choo struck out looking. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 5th. Lewis pitching for Rangers. Bautista popped out to second. Navarro struck out swinging. Rasmus reached on bunt single to pitcher. Johnson struck out swinging. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 6th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus flied out to right. Robertson flied out to right. Beltre flied out to left. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 6th. Feierabend pitching for Rangers. Tolleson struck out looking. Gose safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Feierabend. Gose picked off first. Reyes doubled to right. Kawasaki struck out looking. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Top 7th. Stroman pitching for Blue Jays. Smolinski fouled out to catcher. Martin grounded out to second. Arencibia popped out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 7th. Feierabend pitching for Rangers. Cabrera singled to center. Bautista singled to deep center, Cabrera to third. Navarro singled to right, Cabrera scored, Bautista to second. Rasmus grounded into fielder's choice to first, Navarro out at second, Bautista to third. Johnson hit sacrifice fly to right, Bautista scored. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Rasmus stole second. Tolleson flied out to left. 2 Runs, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 8th. Cecil pitching for Blue Jays. Odor walked. Chirinos singled to left, Odor to second. Choo struck out looking. McGowan pitching for Blue Jays. Andrus singled to left, Odor scored, Chirinos to second. Robertson struck out looking. Beltre struck out swinging, Beltre safe at first on passed ball by Navarro, Chirinos to third, Andrus to second. Smolinski struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Blue Jays - Bottom 8th. Mendez pitching for Rangers. Gose flied out to left. Reyes grounded out to second. Kawasaki flied out to center. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Top 9th. Loup pitching for Blue Jays. Martin walked. Arencibia grounded into double play, third to second to first, Martin out at second. Odor flied out to right. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Final score: Rangers 1 - Blue Jays 4.	Stroman sharp as Blue Jays beat Rangers 4-1