Angels - Top 1st. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Calhoun fouled out to third. Trout hit by pitch. Pujols tripled to right, Trout scored. Kendrick singled to right center, Pujols scored. Freese singled to center, Kendrick to second. Aybar singled to center, Kendrick thrown out at home, Aybar to second, Freese to second, Freese to third advancing on throw. Iannetta flied out to center. 2 Runs, 4 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 1st. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Martin popped out to shortstop. Andrus singled to center. Odor lined out to center. Beltre lined out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 2nd. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Boesch grounded out to shortstop. Cowgill singled to left. Calhoun struck out looking. Trout flied out to right. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 2nd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Rosales singled to left. Telis flied out to right. Rua lined out to right. Rosales caught stealing second, catcher to shortstop. Sardinas batting. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 3rd. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Pujols doubled to deep right, Pujols out at third. Kendrick grounded out to shortstop. Freese grounded out to third. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 3rd. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Sardinas reached on infield single to shortstop. Choice grounded into double play, third to second to first, Sardinas out at second. Martin flied out to left. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 4th. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Aybar lined out to center. Iannetta singled to right center. Boesch struck out swinging. Cowgill walked, Iannetta to second. Calhoun grounded out to first. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 4th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Andrus struck out swinging. Odor reached on bunt single to pitcher, Odor to second on throwing error by pitcher Shoemaker. Beltre grounded into fielder's choice to shortstop, Odor out at third. Rosales flied out to center. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Angels - Top 5th. Tepesch pitching for Rangers. Trout walked. Pujols singled to shallow right, Trout to third. Kendrick grounded into double play, second to shortstop to first, Trout scored, Pujols out at second. Freese reached on infield single to pitcher. Aybar reached on infield single to second, Freese to second. Klein pitching for Rangers. Iannetta flied out to right. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 5th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Telis flied out to center. Rua grounded out to shortstop. Sardinas grounded out to shortstop. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 6th. Klein pitching for Rangers. Boesch flied out to left. Cowgill hit by pitch. Calhoun doubled to left, Cowgill to third. Trout intentionally walked. Pujols grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Trout out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 6th. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Choice fouled out to third. Martin grounded out to second. Andrus grounded out to second. 0 Runs, 0 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 7th. Edwards pitching for Rangers. Kendrick singled to center. Freese singled to right, Kendrick to second. O'Malley ran for Freese. Kendrick to third, O'Malley to second on wild pitch by Edwards. Aybar struck out swinging. Iannetta hit by pitch. Boesch grounded into fielder's choice to second, Kendrick scored, Iannetta out at second, O'Malley to third. Boesch stole second. Cowgill walked. Bonilla pitching for Rangers. Calhoun struck out swinging. 1 Run, 2 Hits, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 7th. McDonald at third base. Shoemaker pitching for Angels. Odor grounded out to pitcher. Beltre singled to right. Rosales struck out swinging. Telis singled to center, Beltre to second. Rua singled to center, Beltre scored, Telis to second. Jepsen pitching for Angels. Sardinas struck out swinging. 1 Run, 3 Hits, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 8th. Bonilla pitching for Rangers. Trout struck out looking. Pujols safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Andrus. Kendrick intentionally walked. Navarro hit for McDonald. Navarro tripled to deep right, Pujols and Kendrick scored. Beckham ran for Navarro. Aybar walked. Tolleson pitching for Rangers. Beckham scored, Aybar to second on wild pitch by Tolleson. Iannetta struck out swinging. Boesch grounded out to second. 3 Runs, 1 Hit, 1 Error. Rangers - Bottom 8th. Beckham at third base. Pestano pitching for Angels. Choice walked. Martin singled to left, Choice to second. Andrus walked, Choice to third, Martin to second. Smith pitching for Angels. Odor flied out to left. Beltre grounded into double play, shortstop to second to first, Andrus out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Angels - Top 9th. Cotts pitching for Rangers. Cowgill popped out to shortstop. Calhoun homered to right (386 feet). Trout grounded out to shortstop. Pujols grounded out to shortstop. 1 Run, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Rangers - Bottom 9th. Herrera pitching for Angels. Rosales struck out swinging. Telis singled to left. Rua grounded into double play, third to second to first, Telis out at second. 0 Runs, 1 Hit, 0 Errors. Final score: Angels 8 - Rangers 1.	Pujols' triple keys Angels' rout of Rangers