Tigers - Top 1st . Nola pitching for Phillies . Candelario doubled to left . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera struck out looking . Goodrum grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 1st . Norris pitching for Tigers . McCutchen singled to center . Segura grounded into double play , third to second to first , McCutchen out at second . Harper grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Rodríguez lined out to shortstop . Hicks struck out looking . Mercer fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 2nd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto singled to left . Rodríguez singled to center , Realmuto to second . Hernández singled to left center , Realmuto scored , Rodríguez thrown out at third . Franco flied out to center . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Nola pitching for Phillies . Jones grounded out to third . Norris flied out to left . Candelario singled to center . Castellanos flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 3rd . Norris pitching for Tigers . Nola walked . McCutchen lined into double play , third to first , Nola out at first . Segura doubled to deep right center . Harper flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Cabrera singled to right . Goodrum lined out to center . Rodríguez reached on infield single to pitcher , Cabrera to second . Hicks grounded out to pitcher , Rodríguez to second , Cabrera to third . Mercer intentionally walked . Jones struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 4th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Hoskins flied out to center . Realmuto struck out swinging . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Norris grounded out to shortstop . Candelario walked . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 5th . Norris pitching for Tigers . Hernández flied out to right . Franco grounded out to shortstop . Nola struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Nola pitching for Phillies . Goodrum singled to center . Goodrum caught stealing second , catcher to second . Rodríguez walked . Hicks singled to left , Rodríguez to second . Mercer struck out looking . Jones singled to left center , Rodríguez scored , Hicks to second . Neris pitching for Phillies . Castro hit for Norris . Castro grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 6th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . McCutchen singled to center . Segura grounded into double play , third to second to first , McCutchen out at second . Harper lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Dominguez pitching for Phillies . Candelario struck out looking . Castellanos singled to right . Castellanos to second on wild pitch by Dominguez . Cabrera struck out swinging . Goodrum reached on infield single to catcher , Castellanos to third . Rodríguez singled to left , Castellanos scored , Goodrum to second . Hicks grounded out to third . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 7th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Hoskins struck out swinging . Realmuto doubled to right . Rodríguez hit by pitch . Altherr ran for Rodríguez . Stumpf pitching for Tigers . Hernández singled to left , Altherr to second , Realmuto to third . Alcántara pitching for Tigers . Franco doubled to deep right center , Hernández scored , Realmuto scored and Altherr scored . Williams hit for Dominguez . Williams struck out swinging . McCutchen singled to center , Franco scored . Segura singled to center , McCutchen to second . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Harper flied out to left . 4 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . McCutchen in left field . Altherr in center field . Neshek pitching for Phillies . Mercer homered to left ( 378 feet ) . Jones struck out swinging . Reyes hit for VerHagen . Reyes reached on infield single to first . Candelario struck out swinging . Castellanos lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Phillies - Bottom 8th . Reininger pitching for Tigers . Hoskins homered to left ( 364 feet ) . Realmuto lined out to center . Altherr grounded out to third . Hernández reached on infield single to second . Franco singled to right , Hernández to second . Gosselin hit for Neshek . Gosselin doubled to deep right , Hernández scored , Franco to third . McCutchen struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Ramos pitching for Phillies . Cabrera lined out to center . Goodrum flied out to right . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 3 - Phillies 7 .	Franco , Hoskins lead Phillies over Tigers 7 - 3