Rays - Top 1st . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Díaz grounded out to second . García struck out swinging . Meadows grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Snell pitching for Rays . Goodrum singled to center . Stewart struck out swinging , Goodrum stole second , Goodrum safe at third on throwing error by catcher Zunino . Castellanos popped out to first . Cabrera doubled to right , Goodrum scored . Dixon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Rays - Top 2nd . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Arroyo singled to center . Adames singled to left center , Arroyo to second . Zunino lined out to center . Kiermaier grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Adames out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Snell pitching for Rays . Lugo singled to left . Lugo to second on wild pitch by Snell . Rodríguez walked . Greiner struck out swinging , Rodríguez to second on wild pitch by Snell , Lugo to third on wild pitch by Snell . Jones struck out swinging . Goodrum lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 3rd . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Heredia singled to center . Heredia picked off first . Robertson reached on infield single to third . Díaz flied out to right . García homered to right ( 353 feet ) , Robertson scored . Meadows doubled to deep center . Arroyo lined out to shortstop . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Snell pitching for Rays . Stewart struck out swinging . Castellanos fouled out to right . Cabrera struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 4th . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Adames grounded out to third . Zunino struck out swinging . Kiermaier flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Snell pitching for Rays . Dixon grounded out to third . Lugo struck out swinging . Rodríguez bunt grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 5th . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Heredia singled to center . Robertson flied out to center , Heredia to second . Díaz grounded out to second , Heredia to third . García fouled out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Snell pitching for Rays . Greiner struck out looking . Jones singled to deep center . Goodrum reached on infield single to shortstop , Jones to second . Stewart singled to left , Jones scored , Goodrum to second . Castellanos walked , Stewart to second , Goodrum to third . Cabrera homered to left ( 380 feet ) , Goodrum scored , Stewart scored and Castellanos scored . Wood pitching for Rays . Dixon fouled out to first . Lugo singled to center . Rodríguez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Lugo out at second . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 6th . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Meadows flied out to left . Arroyo struck out swinging . Adames lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Wood pitching for Rays . Greiner struck out swinging . Jones lined out to right . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 7th . Carpenter pitching for Tigers . Zunino flied out to right . Kiermaier grounded out to second . Heredia flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Rays . Stewart popped out to third . Castellanos singled to left . Cabrera singled to right , Castellanos to second . Beckham ran for Cabrera . Dixon lined out to center , Castellanos to third . Lugo tripled to deep center , Castellanos scored and Beckham scored . Lugo scored . Rodríguez grounded out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rays - Top 8th . Beckham as designated hitter . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Robertson grounded out to shortstop . Díaz walked . García flied out to center . Meadows walked , Díaz to second . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Arroyo hit by pitch , Meadows to second , Díaz to third . Adames homered to left center ( 427 feet ) , Díaz scored , Meadows scored and Arroyo scored . Zunino grounded out to shortstop . 4 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Kolarek pitching for Rays . Greiner safe at first on error by second baseman Robertson . Jones flied out to center . Goodrum singled to right , Greiner to second . Stewart grounded out to pitcher , Goodrum to second , Greiner to third . Castellanos intentionally walked . Beckham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Rays - Top 9th . Greene pitching for Tigers . Kiermaier grounded out to shortstop . Choi hit for Heredia . Choi reached on infield single to first . Lowe hit for Robertson . Lowe flied out to center . Díaz struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Rays 6 - Tigers 9 .	Cabrera drives in 5 runs , Tigers end home losing streak