Tigers - Top 1st . Duffy pitching for Royals . Reyes singled to center . Castellanos doubled to deep left , Reyes scored . Cabrera lined out to first . Dixon struck out swinging . Candelario struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Merrifield walked . Mondesi singled to left , Merrifield to third . Mondesi stole second . Gordon hit sacrifice fly to left , Merrifield scored . Dozier flied out to right , Mondesi to third . Soler lined out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Goodrum struck out swinging . Stewart singled to center . Hicks walked , Stewart to second . Mercer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Hicks out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Cuthbert grounded out to shortstop . Starling walked . Lopez reached on infield single to catcher , Starling to second . Maldonado grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Starling scored on throwing error by second baseman Goodrum , Lopez out at second . Merrifield flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Duffy pitching for Royals . Reyes reached on infield single to pitcher . Reyes to second on wild pitch by Duffy . Castellanos walked . Cabrera singled to left , Reyes scored , Castellanos to second . Dixon doubled to deep center , Castellanos scored , Cabrera to third . López pitching for Royals . Cabrera scored on error by first baseman Cuthbert , Candelario safe at first on error by first baseman Cuthbert , Dixon safe at third on error by first baseman Cuthbert . Goodrum struck out swinging . Stewart grounded into double play , shortstop to first , Candelario out at second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Turnbull pitching for Tigers . Mondesi flied out to center . Gordon walked . Dozier lined out to shortstop . Soler doubled to deep right center , Gordon scored . Cuthbert homered to left ( 400 feet ) , Soler scored . Starling struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Hicks grounded out to shortstop . Mercer grounded out to third . Reyes walked . Castellanos flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Lopez singled to left center . Maldonado grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Lopez out at second . Merrifield struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Royals . Cabrera grounded out to shortstop . Dixon struck out swinging . Candelario singled to shallow left . Goodrum struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Mondesi struck out swinging . Gordon grounded out to shortstop . Dozier grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . McCarthy pitching for Royals . Stewart doubled to right . Hicks grounded out to third . Mercer grounded out to pitcher , Stewart to third . Reyes doubled to center , Stewart scored . Castellanos grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Soler struck out looking . Cuthbert grounded out to second . Starling grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Newberry pitching for Royals . Cabrera flied out to center . Dixon walked . Candelario popped out to first . Goodrum struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Lopez grounded out to third . Maldonado homered to left ( 372 feet ) . Merrifield doubled to deep left . Merrifield stole third . Merrifield stole third . Mondesi struck out swinging , Merrifield scored on Hardy wild pitch , Mondesi to first on wild pitch by Hardy . Mondesi picked off and caught stealing first . Gordon walked . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Dozier struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Diekman pitching for Royals . Stewart flied out to left . Hicks struck out swinging . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Soler homered to left ( 376 feet ) . Cuthbert lined out to third . Starling grounded out to shortstop . Lopez doubled to deep left center . Maldonado popped out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Kennedy pitching for Royals . Reyes struck out swinging . Castellanos struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 5 - Royals 8 .	Maldonado , Soler hit home runs , Royals beat Tigers 8 - 5