White Sox - Top 1st . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . García singled to right . Goins grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , García out at second . Abreu grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Jones doubled to deep center , Jones safe at third on throwing error by center fielder Engel . Castro struck out swinging . Cabrera grounded out to third . Dixon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 2nd . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Jay grounded out to second . Jiménez struck out swinging . Skole reached on infield single to third . McCann popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Lugo flied out to left . Hicks singled to left . Demeritte lined out to shortstop . Beckham walked , Hicks to second . Mercer singled to right center , Hicks scored , Beckham to third . Beckham scored on error by third baseman Goins , Jones safe at first on error by third baseman Goins , Mercer to second . Castro flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . White Sox - Top 3rd . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Sánchez grounded out to pitcher . Engel grounded out to first . García singled to left . Goins struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Cabrera doubled to right . Dixon singled to center , Cabrera to third . Lugo hit sacrifice fly to left , Cabrera scored . Hicks walked , Dixon to second . Demeritte struck out swinging . Beckham struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . Abreu singled to shallow center . Jay flied out to left . Jiménez struck out swinging . Skole struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Mercer fouled out to catcher . Jones grounded out to shortstop . Castro flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . VerHagen pitching for Tigers . McCann singled to center . Sánchez grounded out to first , McCann to second , McCann safe at third on throwing error by first baseman Dixon . Engel doubled to left , McCann scored . García struck out swinging . Goins reached on infield single to second , Engel to third . Abreu grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Cabrera singled to right . Dixon struck out swinging . Lugo struck out swinging . Hicks singled to center , Cabrera to second . Covey pitching for White Sox . Demeritte singled to right center , Cabrera scored , Hicks to third . Demeritte stole second . Beckham reached on infield single to pitcher , Hicks scored , Demeritte to third . Mercer walked , Beckham to second . Jones struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Jay grounded out to second . Jiménez singled to center . Skole struck out looking . McCann struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Castro grounded out to pitcher . Cabrera reached on infield single to third . Dixon struck out swinging . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Cabrera out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Sánchez struck out swinging . Engel grounded out to shortstop . García tripled to deep center . Goins singled to right , García scored . Abreu walked , Goins to second . Jay grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Hicks struck out looking . Demeritte fouled out to catcher . Beckham singled to right . Mercer homered to center ( 421 feet ) , Beckham scored . Jones grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Tigers . Jiménez singled to center . Jiménez to second on wild pitch by Rosenthal . Skole walked , Jiménez to third on wild pitch by Rosenthal . McCann struck out swinging . Sánchez walked , Skole to second . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Engel hit by pitch , Jiménez scored , Sánchez to second , Skole to third . García hit sacrifice fly to right , Skole scored . Goins singled to right center , Sánchez scored , Engel to third . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Goins out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Covey pitching for White Sox . Castro singled to center . Cabrera popped out to second . Ruiz pitching for White Sox . Dixon singled to right , Castro to second . Lugo singled to left , Castro scored , Dixon to second . Hicks doubled to deep left , Dixon scored , Lugo to third . Demeritte hit sacrifice fly to right , Lugo scored , Hicks to third . Beckham lined out to shortstop . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Jay grounded out to shortstop . Jiménez singled to left . Skole struck out swinging . Jiménez to second on fielder 's indifference . McCann hit ground rule double to deep center , Jiménez scored . Sánchez grounded out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 6 - Tigers 10 .	Tigers pound White Sox 10 - 6 for doubleheader split