White Sox - Top 1st . Alexander pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to second . Anderson reached on infield single to pitcher . Abreu singled to right , Anderson to second . Jiménez struck out swinging . McCann doubled to shallow center , Anderson scored , Abreu to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Castro struck out swinging . Goodrum walked . Cabrera lined out to center . Dixon fouled out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Goins grounded out to first . Sánchez struck out swinging . Cordell homered to left center ( 450 feet ) . García grounded out to second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Lugo singled to center . Reyes grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Lugo to second . Demeritte lined out to center . Reyes to second on wild pitch by Nova , Lugo to third on wild pitch by Nova . Rogers walked . Mercer grounded into double play , third to second to first , Rogers out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Anderson reached on infield single to shortstop . Abreu struck out swinging . Jiménez popped out to second . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Anderson safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer . Castillo doubled to deep left , Anderson scored , McCann to third . Goins struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Castro flied out to center . Goodrum singled to center . Cabrera grounded into double play , third to second to first , Goodrum out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Sánchez walked . Cordell fouled out to catcher . García grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Dixon grounded out to third . Lugo lined out to second . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Anderson singled to left center . Abreu doubled to left , Anderson scored . Jiménez struck out swinging . McCann singled to center , Abreu scored . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Castillo struck out swinging . Goins lined out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Demeritte singled to left . Rogers grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Demeritte out at second . Mercer singled to center . Castro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . Sánchez grounded out to first . Cordell struck out swinging . García reached on infield single to second . Anderson singled to right , García to third . Abreu singled to left , García scored , Anderson to second . Jiménez grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Abreu out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Goodrum flied out to right . Cabrera grounded out to first . Dixon walked . Lugo lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Jimenez pitching for Tigers . McCann flied out to right . Castillo singled to center . Goins struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reyes grounded out to shortstop . Demeritte grounded out to shortstop . Rogers grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Rosenthal pitching for Tigers . Cordell walked . García grounded out to second , Cordell to second . Anderson walked . Abreu grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Anderson out at second , Cordell to third . Hardy pitching for Tigers . Jiménez singled to center , Cordell scored , Abreu to second . McCann singled to right , Abreu scored , Jiménez to second . Castillo fouled out to first . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Mercer singled to center . Castro grounded out to second , Mercer to second . Goodrum grounded out to second , Mercer to third . Cabrera grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Beckham at first base . Brandon Dixon pitching for Tigers . Goins popped out to shortstop . Sánchez flied out to center . Cordell hit by pitch . García grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Cordero pitching for White Sox . Dixon struck out swinging . Lugo struck out swinging . Reyes walked . Demeritte tripled to deep right center , Reyes scored . Rogers grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 8 - Tigers 1 .	Nova pitches 8 scoreless , White Sox beat Tigers 8 - 1