Tigers - Top 1st . Miley pitching for Astros . Reyes reached on bunt single to catcher . Demeritte singled to center , Demeritte thrown out at second , Reyes to third . Cabrera singled to left center , Reyes scored . Dixon singled to shallow left , Cabrera to second . Lugo flied out to right . Hicks struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 1st . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Springer grounded out to third . Brantley walked . Bregman reached on infield single to third , Brantley to second . Alvarez doubled to deep left center , Brantley scored , Bregman to third . Correa struck out swinging . Gurriel doubled to deep center , Alvarez scored and Bregman scored . Chirinos singled to left , Gurriel scored and Gurriel scored on error by left fielder Dixon , Chirinos safe at second on error by left fielder Dixon . Chirinos to third on passed ball by Rogers . Mayfield struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 2nd . Altuve at second base . Mayfield at shortstop . Miley pitching for Astros . Rodríguez flied out to left . Rogers lined out to right . Mercer grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 2nd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Reddick grounded out to second . Springer walked . Brantley flied out to center . Springer to second on pickoff error by pitcher Jackson . Bregman struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Tigers - Top 3rd . Miley pitching for Astros . Reyes struck out swinging . Demeritte reached on infield single to second . Cabrera singled to center , Demeritte to third . Dixon hit sacrifice fly to center , Demeritte scored . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Cabrera out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 3rd . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Alvarez struck out swinging . Altuve reached on infield single to third . Gurriel struck out swinging . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Miley pitching for Astros . Hicks struck out swinging . Rodríguez reached on infield single to pitcher . Rogers struck out swinging . Mercer reached on infield single to shortstop , Rodríguez to second . Reyes struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 4th . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Mayfield flied out to center . Reddick walked . Springer reached on infield single to shortstop , Reddick to second . Brantley grounded out to first , Springer to second , Reddick to third . Bregman grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Miley pitching for Astros . Demeritte struck out swinging . Cabrera flied out to right . Dixon struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 5th . Jackson pitching for Tigers . Alvarez grounded out to second . Altuve walked . Gurriel singled to center , Altuve to third . Chirinos hit sacrifice fly to center , Altuve scored . Mayfield lined out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Miley pitching for Astros . Lugo struck out swinging . Hicks bunt grounded out to pitcher . Rodríguez homered to center ( 429 feet ) . Rogers reached on infield single to second . Rondón pitching for Astros . Mercer safe at first on error by second baseman Altuve , Rogers to second . Reyes flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Astros - Bottom 6th . Ramirez pitching for Tigers . Reddick fouled out to third . Springer walked . Brantley singled to left , Springer to second . Bregman struck out swinging . Alvarez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Rondon pitching for Astros . Demeritte homered to center ( 434 feet ) . Castro hit for Cabrera . Castro singled to left center . Dixon struck out looking . Lugo struck out swinging . Hicks grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 7th . Castro as designated hitter . McKay pitching for Tigers . Altuve struck out looking . Gurriel struck out looking . Chirinos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Harris pitching for Astros . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Rogers grounded out to pitcher . Mercer walked . Reyes singled to shallow right , Mercer to third . Demeritte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Astros - Bottom 8th . Soto pitching for Tigers . Mayfield struck out swinging . Reddick flied out to right . Springer grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Osuna pitching for Astros . Castro struck out swinging . Dixon doubled to right . Lugo grounded out to shortstop , Dixon to third . Hicks struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 4 - Astros 5 .	Gurriel has 2 RBIs , helps Astros over Tigers 5 - 4