Tigers - Top 1st . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Reyes singled to center . Castro singled to center , Reyes to second . Stewart flied out to center , Castro to second , Reyes to third . Rodríguez fouled out to first . Candelario struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield doubled to left center . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Merrifield out at third in rundown . Mondesi picked off and caught stealing second . Soler hit by pitch . Dozier singled to left , Soler to second . McBroom flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Dixon struck out swinging . Lugo grounded out to second . Greiner flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Cuthbert singled to left . Starling struck out swinging . Mejía struck out swinging . Dini doubled to left , Cuthbert to third . Merrifield singled to right center , Cuthbert scored and Dini scored . Mondesi doubled to left , Merrifield scored , Mondesi to third . Soler struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Mercer doubled to deep center . Reyes lined out to second . Castro singled to shallow right center , Mercer scored . Stewart flied out to center . Rodríguez grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castro out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Dozier reached on infield single to third . McBroom grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Dozier out at second . Cuthbert struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Sparkman pitching for Royals . Candelario popped out to shortstop . Dixon homered to right center ( 403 feet ) . Lugo homered to left center ( 442 feet ) . Greiner grounded out to third . Mercer homered to left ( 395 feet ) . Reyes grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Starling flied out to right . Mejía popped out to third . Dini lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Fillmyer pitching for Royals . Castro reached on infield single to catcher . Stewart struck out looking . Rodríguez popped out to third . Candelario flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Merrifield reached on infield single to shortstop . Mondesi grounded into double play , third to second to first , Merrifield out at second . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Staumont pitching for Royals . Dixon walked . Lugo reached on infield single to third , Lugo safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Cuthbert , Dixon safe at third on throwing error by third baseman Cuthbert , Dixon to third . Greiner grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Greiner to second , Lugo to third , Dixon out at home in rundown . Castro hit for Mercer . Castro singled to shallow left , Lugo scored and Greiner scored . Castro caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Reyes doubled to left . Hill pitching for Royals . Castro grounded out to pitcher . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Castro at shortstop . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Dozier singled to left . McBroom flied out to right . Cuthbert flied out to left . Starling struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Speier pitching for Royals . Stewart struck out looking . Rodríguez struck out swinging . Candelario walked . Candelario to second on wild pitch by Speier . Dixon flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Boyd pitching for Tigers . Mejía flied out to center . Dini singled to left . Cisnero pitching for Tigers . Merrifield struck out swinging . Mondesi struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Hahn pitching for Royals . Lugo lined out to center . Greiner struck out swinging . Castro struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 8th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Soler grounded out to third . Dozier walked . McBroom singled to right , Dozier to third . Cuthbert grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Dozier scored , McBroom out at second . Starling grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cuthbert out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Barnes pitching for Royals . Reyes struck out looking . Castro grounded out to second . Stewart struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Mejía walked . O'Hearn hit for Dini . O'Hearn flied out to right . Merrifield singled to shallow right , Mejía to second . Mondesi grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Merrifield out at second , Mejía to third . Mondesi stole second . Soler struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 6 - Royals 4 .	Mercer homers in rare Tigers ' rally , 6 - 4 win over Royals