White Sox - Top 1st . Alexander pitching for Tigers . García flied out to center . Anderson flied out to right . Abreu singled to right center . Jiménez fouled out to catcher . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for White Sox . Reyes singled to center . Dixon grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Reyes out at second . Castro singled to left . Candelario grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 2nd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Moncada struck out looking . McCann grounded out to shortstop . Castillo hit ground rule double to deep left center . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Stewart grounded out to first . Lugo singled to center . Demeritte struck out swinging . Rogers lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 3rd . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Engel singled to right center . García reached on bunt single to catcher , Engel to second . Anderson struck out swinging . Abreu flied out to right . Jiménez struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for White Sox . Castro grounded out to shortstop . Reyes struck out swinging . Dixon singled to left . Castro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 4th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . Moncada lined out to center . McCann doubled to deep right . Castillo singled to left , McCann to third . Sánchez popped out to shortstop . Engel popped out to first . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Candelario singled to right . Stewart struck out swinging . Lugo singled to right , Candelario to second . Demeritte grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Lugo out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 5th . Alexander pitching for Tigers . García grounded out to shortstop . Anderson homered to left ( 392 feet ) . Abreu singled to left . Jiménez singled to center , Abreu to second . Moncada tripled to deep center , Abreu scored and Jiménez scored . McKay pitching for Tigers . McCann struck out swinging . Castillo struck out looking . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for White Sox . Rogers singled to left . Castro doubled to deep center , Rogers to third . Reyes grounded out to shortstop , Rogers scored , Castro to third . Dixon fouled out to first , Castro scored . Castro flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 6th . McKay pitching for Tigers . Sánchez fouled out to left . Engel reached on infield single to shortstop . García singled to center , Engel to second . Anderson grounded out to pitcher , García to second , Engel to third . Engel picked off third . David McKay pitches to Jose Abreu . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Candelario grounded out to first . Stewart singled to center . Lugo grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Stewart out at second . Demeritte grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 7th . Farmer pitching for Tigers . Abreu grounded out to third . Jiménez flied out to left . Moncada singled to right . McCann grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Moncada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Marshall pitching for White Sox . Rogers struck out looking . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Castro grounded out to second . Reyes grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 8th . Garcia pitching for Tigers . Castillo flied out to right . Sánchez reached on infield single to shortstop . Engel struck out swinging . García singled to center , Sánchez to second . Anderson walked , García to second , Sánchez to third . Abreu singled to left , García scored and Sánchez scored , Anderson to second . Jiménez fouled out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Bummer pitching for White Sox . Dixon struck out swinging . Castro struck out looking . Candelario walked . Stewart flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Top 9th . Jiménez pitching for Tigers . Moncada struck out swinging . McCann reached on infield single to pitcher . Castillo struck out swinging . Sánchez flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Colomé pitching for White Sox . Lugo singled to center . Lugo to second on wild pitch by Colomé . Demeritte struck out , Demeritte to first on passed ball by McCann , Lugo to third on passed ball by McCann . Rodríguez hit for Rogers . Rodríguez singled to left , Lugo scored , Demeritte to second . Castro grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Rodríguez out at second , Demeritte to third . Reyes struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : White Sox 5 - Tigers 3 .	Anderson homers , White Sox beat Tigers 5 - 3