Cardinals - Top 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Pham lined out to left . Carpenter flied out to center . Martínez lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Frazier singled to right . Polanco struck out swinging . Marte grounded into double play , third to second to first , Frazier out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Ozuna lined out to second . Molina grounded out to shortstop . Fowler grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Bell walked . Dickerson grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Bell out at second . Cervelli homered to left ( 373 feet ) . Moran grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . DeJong singled to left . Wong sacrificed to pitcher , DeJong to second . Flaherty struck out swinging . Pham doubled to deep right , DeJong scored . Carpenter walked . Martínez lined out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Mercer lined out to left . Williams struck out swinging . Frazier singled to center . Polanco flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Ozuna flied out to center . Molina popped out to second . Fowler flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Marte singled to left . Bell grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Marte out at second . Dickerson flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . DeJong flied out to right . Wong walked . Flaherty sacrificed to catcher , Wong to second . Pham grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli grounded out to shortstop . Moran walked . Mercer flied out to left . Williams flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 6th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Carpenter flied out to left . Martínez doubled to shallow right . Ozuna singled to left , Martínez scored . Molina struck out swinging . Fowler popped out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Frazier walked . Polanco walked , Frazier to second . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco out at second , Frazier to third . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Leone pitching for Cardinals . Marte grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Polanco out at second , Frazier to third . Bell singled to right center , Frazier scored , Marte to third , Bell to second on error by center fielder Pham . Dickerson intentionally walked . Cervelli hit sacrifice fly to center , Marte scored , Bell to third , Dickerson to second . Moran grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . DeJong singled to left . Wong grounded out to third , DeJong to second . Garcia hit for Leone . Garcia struck out looking . Pham grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Gregerson pitching for Cardinals . Mercer doubled to left . Rodríguez hit for Feliz . Rodríguez walked . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Freese hit for Frazier . Mercer to third , Rodríguez to second on passed ball by Molina . Freese hit sacrifice fly to right , Mercer scored , Rodríguez to third . Polanco hit by pitch . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Marte reached on infield single to pitcher , Polanco to second . Bell struck out swinging . Dickerson reached on infield single to third , Rodríguez scored , Polanco to third , Marte to second . Cervelli flied out to right . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Top 8th . Rodríguez at second base . Kontos pitching for Pirates . Carpenter lined out to second . Martínez grounded out to third . Ozuna safe at first on error by shortstop Mercer . Molina grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Moran walked . Mercer flied out to center . Rodríguez fouled out to third . Moroff hit for Kontos . Moroff singled to left , Moran to second . Polanco safe at first on error by first baseman Martínez , Moran scored , Moroff to second . Marte lined out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Top 9th . Santana pitching for Pirates . Fowler struck out looking . DeJong grounded out to shortstop . Wong struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Cardinals 2 - Pirates 6 .	Cervelli helps Pirates rally for 6 - 2 win over Cardinals