Pirates - Top 1st . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Moroff fouled out to left . Polanco reached on infield single to third . Marte singled to left , Polanco to second . Bell grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Polanco to third , Marte safe at second on error by shortstop Turner . Dickerson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Polanco scored , Bell out at second , Marte to third . Dickerson stole second . Cervelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Nationals - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for Pirates . Harper homered to center ( 416 feet ) . Turner struck out swinging . Adams homered to left ( 361 feet ) . Kendrick singled to left . Taylor grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kendrick out at second . Taylor stole second . Stevenson grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Freese struck out swinging . Mercer lined out to center . Nova grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Severino struck out swinging . Strasburg grounded out to shortstop . Difo popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Moroff struck out swinging . Polanco doubled to deep right . Marte singled to center , Polanco to third . Marte caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Bell walked . Dickerson singled to left , Polanco scored , Bell to second . Cervelli struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 3rd . Nova pitching for Pirates . Harper doubled to right . Turner reached on bunt single to first , Harper to third . Adams singled to right , Harper scored , Turner to second . Kendrick flied out to center . Taylor struck out swinging . Stevenson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Freese singled to center . Mercer popped out to pitcher . Nova struck out looking . Moroff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 4th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Severino singled to left . Strasburg sacrificed to first , Severino to second . Difo singled to left , Severino to third . Harper grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Severino scored , Difo out at second . Harper stole second . Turner grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Harper out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Polanco popped out to second . Marte struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 5th . Nova pitching for Pirates . Adams walked . Kendrick singled to shallow right , Adams to second . Taylor singled to left , Adams to third , Kendrick to second . Stevenson safe at second on error by second baseman Moroff , Adams and Kendrick scored , Taylor to third . Severino intentionally walked . Strasburg struck out swinging . Difo grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Taylor scored , Severino out at second , Stevenson to third . Harper singled to right , Stevenson scored , Difo to second . Crick pitching for Pirates . Turner flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Pirates - Top 6th . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Dickerson struck out swinging . Cervelli homered to right center ( 401 feet ) . Freese grounded out to shortstop . Mercer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 6th . Crick pitching for Pirates . Adams struck out swinging . Kendrick doubled to deep right . Taylor popped out to second . Stevenson singled to right , Kendrick scored . Severino struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Frazier hit for Crick . Strasburg pitching for Nationals . Frazier struck out swinging . Moroff struck out swinging . Polanco flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 7th . Frazier in right field . Brault pitching for Pirates . Sierra hit for Strasburg . Sierra struck out looking . Difo doubled to deep right . Harper grounded out to second , Difo to third . Turner flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Gott pitching for Nationals . Marte walked . Bell grounded into double play , third to second to first , Marte out at second . Dickerson singled to shallow center . Cervelli lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Nationals - Bottom 8th . Brault pitching for Pirates . Adams walked . Kendrick flied out to right . Taylor struck out swinging . Stevenson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Torres pitching for Nationals . Freese lined out to first . Mercer grounded out to shortstop . Frazier singled to center . Frazier to second on fielder 's indifference . Moroff struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 3 - Nationals 9 .	Harper homers , Strasburg whiffs 11 as Nats top Pirates 9 - 3