Pirates - Top 1st . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Frazier flied out to center . Polanco flied out to right . Marte singled to center . Marte stole second . Bell popped out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 1st . Nova pitching for Pirates . García reached on infield single to third . Sánchez tripled to left , García scored . Abreu grounded out to third , Sánchez scored . Delmonico walked . Castillo homered to right ( 346 feet ) , Delmonico scored . Palka singled to right . Davidson walked , Palka to second . Anderson popped out to third . Thompson struck out looking . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Dickerson doubled to right . Cervelli hit by pitch . Moran struck out swinging . Osuna singled to center , Dickerson scored , Cervelli to third . Mercer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Cervelli scored , Osuna out at second . Frazier walked , Mercer to second . Polanco hit ground rule double to deep right , Mercer scored , Frazier to third . Marte singled to left , Frazier scored , Polanco thrown out at home . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 2nd . Nova pitching for Pirates . García grounded out to second . Sánchez singled to left . Abreu doubled to left , Sánchez scored . Delmonico flied out to right , Abreu to third . Castillo struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Bell walked . Dickerson singled to left , Bell to second . Cervelli grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Bell out at third , Dickerson to second . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cervelli out at second , Dickerson to third . Osuna popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 3rd . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Palka grounded out to first . Davidson flied out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Giolito pitching for White Sox . Mercer struck out swinging . Frazier grounded out to second . Polanco reached on infield single to shortstop . Marte struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 4th . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Thompson flied out to center . García struck out swinging . Sánchez grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Volstad pitching for White Sox . Bell reached on infield single to shortstop . Dickerson struck out looking . Cervelli singled to left center , Bell to second . Moran doubled to deep center , Bell and Cervelli scored . Osuna grounded out to shortstop . Mercer singled to center , Moran scored . Frazier lined out to left . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 5th . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Abreu singled to right . Delmonico struck out swinging . Santana pitching for Pirates . Castillo grounded into double play , second to first , Abreu out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Avilán pitching for White Sox . Polanco walked . Marte struck out looking . Bell tripled to right , Polanco scored . Dickerson singled to left center , Bell scored . Beck pitching for White Sox . Dickerson caught stealing second , catcher to second . Cervelli walked . Moran singled to right , Cervelli to third . Osuna popped out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 6th . Santana pitching for Pirates . Palka struck out looking . Davidson singled to center . Anderson singled to center , Davidson to second . Thompson grounded out to first , Davidson to third , Anderson to second . García flied out to center . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Beck pitching for White Sox . Mercer lined out to center . Frazier grounded out to first . Polanco flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 7th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Sánchez singled to right . Abreu struck out looking . Delmonico grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Sánchez out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Soria pitching for White Sox . Marte singled to right . Bell grounded out to second , Marte to second . Dickerson singled to right , Marte scored . Cervelli lined into double play , center to shortstop to first , Dickerson doubled off first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 8th . Kontos pitching for Pirates . Castillo homered to left ( 380 feet ) . Palka grounded out to second . Davidson lined out to center . Anderson struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Santiago pitching for White Sox . Narváez catching . Moran grounded out to second . Osuna struck out looking . Mercer fouled out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . White Sox - Bottom 9th . Rodríguez at second base . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Thompson struck out swinging . García grounded out to shortstop . Sánchez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Pirates 10 - White Sox 6 .	Glasnow gets key hit as Pirates rally past White Sox 10 - 6