Pirates - Top 1st . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Harrison singled to left . Cervelli struck out swinging . Marte grounded out to shortstop . Bell struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 1st . Williams pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to left center . Bader singled to left center , Carpenter to second . Pham bunt popped out to pitcher . Martínez walked , Carpenter to third , Bader to second . Fowler singled to right center , Carpenter and Bader scored , Martínez to second . Muñoz doubled to left , Martínez and Fowler scored . Garcia grounded out to second , Muñoz to third . Peña intentionally walked . Flaherty grounded out to third . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 2nd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson singled to left center . Moran grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Dickerson out at second . Polanco singled to right , Moran to second . Moran to third , Polanco to second on passed ball by Peña . Mercer singled to left center , Moran scored , Polanco to third . Williams sacrificed to pitcher , Mercer to second . Harrison struck out swinging . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 2nd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Carpenter singled to right . Bader fouled out to first . Pham grounded out to second , Carpenter to second . Martínez grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 3rd . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli struck out looking . Marte struck out swinging . Bell grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 3rd . Williams pitching for Pirates . Fowler lined out to center . Muñoz flied out to right . Garcia reached on bunt single to third . Peña struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 4th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Dickerson singled to center . Moran flied out to center . Polanco doubled to deep right , Dickerson scored . Mercer popped out to second . Williams flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 4th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Flaherty struck out swinging . Carpenter flied out to left . Bader reached on infield single to third . Bader stole second . Pham struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 5th . Flaherty pitching for Cardinals . Harrison flied out to left . Cervelli hit by pitch . Marte flied out to right . Bell homered to right center ( 393 feet ) , Cervelli scored . Dickerson flied out to left . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 5th . Williams pitching for Pirates . Martínez struck out swinging . Fowler doubled to right . Muñoz flied out to right , Fowler to third . Garcia singled to center , Fowler scored . Peña grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 6th . Lyons pitching for Cardinals . Moran fouled out to catcher . Polanco struck out swinging . Wong at second base . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Mercer walked . Meadows hit for Williams . Meadows flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 6th . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Wong reached on infield single to second . Carpenter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Wong out at second . Bader flied out to right . Pham singled to center , Carpenter to second . Martínez lined out to right . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 7th . Brebbia pitching for Cardinals . Harrison flied out to right . Cervelli reached on infield single to shortstop , Cervelli to second on error by shortstop Muñoz . Marte reached on infield single to shortstop , Cervelli to third . Carpenter at first base . Gyorko at third base . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Bell walked , Marte to second . Dickerson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bell out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 7th . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Fowler struck out swinging . Muñoz grounded out to pitcher . Gyorko popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 8th . Hicks pitching for Cardinals . Moran singled to left . Rodríguez ran for Moran . Polanco doubled to deep right center , Rodríguez scored . Mercer flied out to right . Frazier hit for Glasnow . Frazier walked . Harrison flied out to right , Polanco to third , Frazier to second on throwing error by right fielder Fowler . Bader in right field . Ozuna in left field . Norris pitching for Cardinals . Cervelli homered to left ( 369 feet ) , Polanco and Frazier scored . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Marte flied out to right . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Cardinals - Bottom 8th . Rodríguez at third base . Crick pitching for Pirates . Peña fouled out to catcher . Wong lined out to center . Carpenter lined out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Top 9th . Mayers pitching for Cardinals . Bell grounded out to second . Dickerson struck out swinging . Rodríguez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cardinals - Bottom 9th . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Bader doubled to left . Pham safe at first on error by third baseman Rodríguez . Ozuna walked , Bader to third , Pham to second . Voit hit for Mayers . Voit singled to left , Bader and Pham scored , Ozuna to second , Ozuna to third advancing on throw . Weaver ran for Voit . Muñoz homered to center ( 410 feet ) , Ozuna and Weaver scored . 5 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Final score : Pirates 8 - Cardinals 10 .	Munoz 's 3 - run HR caps 5 - run 9th , Cardinals beat Pirates 10 - 8