Brewers - Top 1st . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Thames grounded out to first . Cain struck out swinging . Yelich struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 1st . Miley pitching for Brewers . Dickerson grounded out to shortstop . Marte grounded out to third . Díaz grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 2nd . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Aguilar flied out to center . Shaw grounded out to first . Miller reached on infield single to second . Saladino singled to center , Miller to second . Kratz struck out looking . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 2nd . Miley pitching for Brewers . Freese singled to center . Luplow struck out swinging . Bell flied out to center . Harrison walked , Freese to second . Mercer singled to left , Freese scored , Harrison to third , Mercer to second advancing on throw . Taillon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 3rd . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Miley struck out looking . Thames struck out swinging . Cain struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 3rd . Miley pitching for Brewers . Dickerson grounded out to first . Marte struck out looking . Díaz flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 4th . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Yelich lined out to third . Aguilar homered to left ( 423 feet ) . Shaw flied out to center . Miller struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 4th . Miley pitching for Brewers . Freese popped out to second . Luplow grounded out to third . Bell walked . Harrison walked , Bell to second . Mercer singled to shallow left , Bell scored , Harrison to third . Mercer stole second . Taillon struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 5th . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Saladino walked . Kratz singled to left center , Saladino to third . Miley struck out swinging . Thames struck out looking , Kratz stole second . Cain struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 5th . Miley pitching for Brewers . Dickerson walked . Marte singled to center , Dickerson to second . Díaz struck out swinging . Freese walked , Dickerson to third , Marte to second . Luplow lined into double play , to second , Marte doubled off second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 6th . Taillon pitching for Pirates . Yelich walked . Aguilar flied out to center . Shaw grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Yelich out at second . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Shaw out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 6th . Villar at second base . Houser pitching for Brewers . Bell walked . Harrison singled to center , Bell to second . Bell to third , Harrison to second on wild pitch by Houser . Mercer singled to right center , Bell and Harrison scored . Moran hit for Taillon . Moran singled to right , Mercer to second . Dickerson grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Moran out at second , Mercer to third . Marte singled to shallow right , Mercer scored . Díaz grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Marte out at second . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 7th . Rodríguez pitching for Pirates . Saladino singled to center . Kratz flied out to center . Villar grounded out to pitcher , Saladino to second . Thames struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 7th . Houser pitching for Brewers . Freese walked . Luplow grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Freese out at second . Bell walked . Harrison doubled to left center , Bell scored . Mercer struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Brewers - Top 8th . Meadows in right field . Glasnow pitching for Pirates . Cain grounded out to first . Yelich struck out swinging . Aguilar walked . Shaw singled to right , Aguilar to second . Pérez hit for Houser . Pérez struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Pirates - Bottom 8th . Pérez at third base . Asher pitching for Brewers . Meadows flied out to right . Dickerson flied out to center . Marte safe at first on error by shortstop Saladino . Díaz flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Brewers - Top 9th . Feliz pitching for Pirates . Saladino flied out to center . Kratz reached on infield single to shortstop . Villar grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Kratz safe at second on error by shortstop Mercer . Thames singled to right center , Kratz scored , Villar to third . Cain walked , Thames to second . Vázquez pitching for Pirates . Yelich singled to right , Villar scored , Thames to third , Cain to second . Aguilar grounded into double play , third to second to first , Yelich out at second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Brewers 3 - Pirates 6 .	Taillon , Mercer shine in Pirates ' 6 - 3 win over Brewers