Orioles - Top 1st . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hairston lined out to shortstop . Mora struck out looking . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 1st . Daal pitching for Orioles . Torres flied out to left center . Kingsale doubled to deep left . Monroe walked . Young struck out swinging . Palmer walked , Kingsale to third , Monroe to second . Halter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Palmer out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 2nd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Conine flied out to deep right center . Gibbons struck out swinging . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 2nd . Daal pitching for Orioles . Pena struck out swinging . Walbeck flied out to center . Infante struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 3rd . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Leon grounded out to third . Cruz grounded out to third . Gil grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 3rd . Daal pitching for Orioles . Torres reached on bunt single to pitcher . Kingsale sacrificed to first , Torres to second . Monroe singled to center , Torres scored . Young walked , Monroe to second . Palmer grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Young out at second , Monroe to third . Halter grounded out to pitcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 4th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Hairston popped out to shallow right . Mora grounded out to pitcher . Matthews Jr hit by pitch . Conine struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 4th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Pena struck out swinging . Walbeck grounded out to third . Infante lined out to right center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 5th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Gibbons grounded out to third . Batista grounded out to catcher . Leon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 5th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Torres singled to center . Kingsale sacrificed to first , Torres to second . Monroe safe at second on throwing error by third baseman Leon , Torres scored , Monroe tagged out at third attempting to advance on play . Young singled to center . Palmer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Young out at second . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 6th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Cruz grounded out to third . Gil flied out to left center . Hairston grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 6th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Halter fouled out to first . Pena singled to right . Walbeck sacrificed to pitcher , Pena to second . Infante flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 7th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Mora grounded out to shortstop . Matthews Jr grounded out to third . Conine lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 7th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Torres flied out to right . Kingsale doubled to deep left . Monroe singled to left , Kingsale to third . Young hit sacrifice fly to left , Kingsale scored . Palmer flied out to shallow center . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 8th . Maroth pitching for Tigers . Gibbons singled to deep right . Batista singled to center , Gibbons to second . Leon grounded out to pitcher , Gibbons to third , Batista to second . Cruz grounded out to pitcher . Gibbons scored , Batista to third on wild pitch by Maroth . Gil singled to left , Batista scored . Morban ran for Gil . Hairston reached on bunt single to pitcher , Morban to second . Anderson pitching for Tigers . Mora walked , Morban to third , Hairston to second . Matthews Jr reached on infield single to first , Morban and Hairston scored , Mora to second . Conine singled to center , Mora scored , Matthews Jr to third . Walker pitching for Tigers . Gibbons singled to right , Matthews Jr scored , Conine to third . Roney pitching for Tigers . Fordyce catching . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Batista flied out to left . 6 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Halter singled to left . Higginson hit for Walbeck . Pena singled to shallow left , Halter to second . Higginson walked , Halter to third , Pena to second . Infante grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Halter scored , Higginson out at second , Pena to third . Higginson in right field . Kingsale in center field . Monroe in left field . Inge catching . Torres bunt popped out foul to catcher . 1 Run , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Top 9th . Roney pitching for Tigers . Leon reached on infield single to third . Cruz flied out to left . Fordyce walked , Leon to second . Hairston flied out to center , Leon to third . Julio pitching for Orioles . Mora flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Bottom 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Kingsale singled to right . Monroe grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Kingsale out at second . Young grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Monroe out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Orioles 6 - Tigers 4 .	Maroth goes from possible no - no to seventh loss