Cubs - Top 1st . Daal pitching for Orioles . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Gonzalez grounded out to first . Patterson struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Clement pitching for Cubs . Roberts flied out to left . Mora grounded out to pitcher . Segui lined out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 2nd . Daal pitching for Orioles . Alou grounded out to third . Karros walked . Miller grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Karros out at second . Martinez flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Clement pitching for Cubs . Conine batting . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 3rd . Daal pitching for Orioles . Kelton struck out looking . Goodwin grounded out to second . Grudzielanek flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Clement pitching for Cubs . Surhoff singled to center . Matos walked , Surhoff to second . Gil sacrificed to pitcher , Surhoff to third , Matos to second . Roberts struck out swinging . Mora struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 4th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Mora . Patterson flied out to right , Gonzalez to third . Alou doubled to deep left center , Gonzalez scored . Karros walked . Miller doubled to right center , Alou and Karros scored . Martinez flied out to center . Kelton reached on infield single to shortstop , Miller to third , Miller out at third trying to return to base . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Clement pitching for Cubs . Segui struck out swinging . Conine grounded out to shortstop . Gibbons grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 5th . Daal pitching for Orioles . Goodwin singled to center . Goodwin stole second . Grudzielanek walked . Gonzalez sacrificed to pitcher , Goodwin to third , Grudzielanek to second . Patterson hit sacrifice fly to right , Goodwin scored , Grudzielanek to third . Alou singled to left , Grudzielanek scored . Karros grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Alou out at second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Clement pitching for Cubs . Batista flied out to left . Surhoff doubled to deep left . Matos grounded out to shortstop , Surhoff to third . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Gil struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 6th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Miller singled to left . Martinez grounded out to third , Miller to second . Miller to third on wild pitch by Bauer . Kelton safe at first on error by third baseman Batista , Miller scored . Goodwin grounded out to second , Kelton to second . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Clement pitching for Cubs . Roberts walked . Mora reached on infield single to pitcher , Roberts to second . Segui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Mora out at second , Roberts to third . Conine hit by pitch . Gibbons doubled to left , Roberts and Conine scored . Batista struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 7th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez singled to left . Patterson grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gonzalez out at second . Patterson stole second . Alou flied out to right , Patterson to third . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Karros flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Surhoff singled to right . Matos struck out swinging , Surhoff stole second . Gil struck out swinging . Roberts struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 8th . Bauer pitching for Orioles . Miller grounded out to pitcher . Martinez grounded out to third . Kelton doubled to right . Kelton to third on wild pitch by Bauer . Goodwin singled to right , Kelton scored . Goodwin stole second . O'Leary in left field . Grudzielanek struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Farnsworth pitching for Cubs . Mora singled to left . Segui singled to right , Mora to third . Alfonseca pitching for Cubs . Morban ran for Segui . Conine walked , Morban to second . Gibbons lined out to third . Batista singled to left , Mora and Morban scored , Conine to second . Guthrie pitching for Cubs . Surhoff singled to center , Conine scored , Batista to third . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Batista scored , Surhoff out at second . Matos stole second . Matos to third on passed ball by Miller . Gil struck out swinging . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Cubs - Top 9th . Roberts pitching for Orioles . Gonzalez flied out to center . Patterson struck out swinging . Alou grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Borowski pitching for Cubs . Roberts struck out swinging . Cruz hit for Morban . Mora singled to right . Cruz flied out to right . Conine flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Cubs 7 - Orioles 6 .	Cubs team up to win without Sosa