Blue Jays - Top 1st . Helling pitching for Orioles . Stewart flied out to center . Catalanotto grounded out to second . Wells singled to left . Delgado struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Roberts flied out to left center . Matos singled to left . Mora grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Matos out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 2nd . Helling pitching for Orioles . Wilson grounded out to second . Hinske walked . Johnson popped out to shortstop . Hudson flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Conine flied out to left center . Gibbons grounded out to shortstop . Batista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 3rd . Helling pitching for Orioles . Woodward flied out to shallow left . Stewart flied out to deep center . Catalanotto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . Cruz doubled to right center . Fordyce walked . Roberts struck out swinging . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 4th . Helling pitching for Orioles . Wells grounded out to third . Delgado struck out swinging . Wilson struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Mora reached on infield single to third . Conine flied out to deep left , Mora to second . Gibbons grounded out to pitcher , Mora to third . Batista struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 5th . Helling pitching for Orioles . Hinske grounded out to shortstop . Johnson fouled out to catcher . Hudson doubled to right . Woodward struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Surhoff singled to right . Cruz singled to left center , Surhoff to third . Fordyce flied out to right , Surhoff thrown out at home . Roberts grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 6th . Helling pitching for Orioles . Stewart grounded out to shortstop . Catalanotto singled to left . Wells singled to center , Catalanotto to third . Delgado singled to deep right , Catalanotto scored , Wells to third . Wilson walked , Delgado to second . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Hinske homered to right , Wells , Delgado and Wilson scored . Johnson singled to center . Hudson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Johnson out at second . Bordick ran for Hudson . Bordick to second on wild pitch by Driskill . Bordick at second base . Woodward flied out to left . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Matos reached on bunt single to third . Mora grounded out to pitcher , Matos to second . Matos caught stealing third , catcher to third . Conine walked . Gibbons struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 7th . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Stewart flied out to center . Catalanotto struck out looking . Wells grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Batista grounded out to third . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . Cruz flied out to left center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 8th . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Delgado struck out swinging . Wilson flied out to shallow left . Hinske grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Escobar pitching for Blue Jays . Fordyce grounded out to shortstop . Roberts walked . Matos reached on infield single to third , Roberts to second . Mora flied out to right . Roberts to third , Matos to second on passed ball by Wilson . Conine singled to center , Roberts and Matos scored . Gibbons singled to left , Conine to second . Lopez pitching for Blue Jays . Batista doubled to left center , Conine scored , Gibbons to third . Surhoff doubled to right center , Gibbons and Batista scored . Cruz walked . Sturtze pitching for Blue Jays . Fordyce doubled to right , Surhoff and Cruz scored , Fordyce to third advancing on throw . Roberts reached on infield single to shortstop , Fordyce scored . Roberts stole second . Julio pitching for Orioles . Matos flied out to left . 8 Runs , 7 Hits , 0 Errors . Blue Jays - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Johnson reached on infield single to second . Myers hit for Woodward . Bordick lined into double play , third to first , Johnson doubled off first . Myers struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Blue Jays 5 - Orioles 8 .	Orioles will remember huge comeback over Jays