Rangers - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Young flied out to right center . Blalock flied out to left . Rodriguez reached on infield single to third . Palmeiro popped out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Roberts lined out to shortstop . Matos singled to right . Surhoff reached on infield single to second , Matos to second , Matos to third , Surhoff to second on throwing error by second baseman Young . Conine hit sacrifice fly to right center , Matos scored . Gibbons singled to left , Surhoff scored . Batista flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Rangers - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Teixeira flied out to right . Spencer struck out swinging . Nix struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Mendez grounded out to shortstop . Cruz struck out swinging . Machado grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Glanville singled to left . Diaz reached on infield single to shortstop , Glanville to second . Glanville to third , Diaz to second on wild pitch by Lopez . Young singled to center , Glanville and Diaz scored . Young stole second . Blalock singled to right , Young scored . Rodriguez struck out looking . Palmeiro struck out looking . Teixeira flied out to right . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Roberts flied out to right . Matos walked . Surhoff grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Matos out at second . Conine grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Surhoff out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Spencer flied out to right . Nix hit ground rule double to left center . Glanville grounded out to shortstop . Diaz popped out to shallow right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Thomson pitching for Rangers . Gibbons doubled to left center . Batista singled to right , Gibbons to third . Mendez struck out swinging . Cruz singled to left , Gibbons scored , Batista to second . Machado walked , Batista to third , Cruz to second . Roberts singled to center , Batista and Cruz scored , Machado to second . Machado to third , Roberts to second on wild pitch by Thomson . Matos hit sacrifice fly to center , Machado scored . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Surhoff singled to left , Roberts scored . Conine struck out looking . 5 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Young flied out to right center . Blalock homered to right . Rodriguez singled to left . Rodriguez stole second . Palmeiro grounded out to second , Rodriguez to third . Teixeira safe at first on error by first baseman Mendez , Rodriguez scored . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Spencer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Ramirez pitching for Rangers . Gibbons flied out to left . Batista struck out swinging . Mendez lined out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 6th . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Nix grounded out to pitcher . Glanville lined out to second . Diaz fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Cruz flied out to deep left . Machado flied out to left . Roberts struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 7th . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Young grounded out to second . Blalock grounded out to first . Rodriguez singled to left . Palmeiro flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Powell pitching for Rangers . Matos reached on infield single to shortstop . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Matos stole second . Surhoff fouled out to catcher . Conine intentionally walked . Gibbons homered to right , Matos and Conine scored . Batista fouled out to catcher . Mendez reached on infield single to third . Cruz fouled out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 8th . Driskill pitching for Orioles . Teixeira singled to center . Spencer flied out to center . Nix singled to right , Teixeira to second . Glanville grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Nix out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Mahay pitching for Rangers . Machado homered to right center . Roberts flied out to center . Matos struck out swinging . Surhoff singled to right . Morban ran for Surhoff . Conine doubled to deep left , Morban scored . Shouse pitching for Rangers . Gibbons struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Rangers - Top 9th . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Diaz homered to left . Young flied out to deep left . Blalock grounded out to second . Rodriguez singled to center . Rodriguez to second on fielder 's indifference . Palmeiro reached on infield single to second , Rodriguez to third . Teixeira grounded out to second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Rangers 6 - Orioles 12 .	O 's win sixth straight by doubling up Rangers