Yankees - Top 1st . Soriano popped out to second . Jeter flied out to right . Giambi flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Roberts struck out looking . Cruz flied out to right . Matos grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 2nd . Williams singled to center . Posada struck out looking . Matsui grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Williams out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Gibbons popped out to second . Batista fouled out to first . Fordyce grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 3rd . Boone grounded out to third . Johnson grounded out to first . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Leon singled to left center . Bigbie reached on infield single to first , Leon to second . Morban lined out to first . Roberts grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Bigbie out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 4th . Soriano struck out swinging . Jeter doubled to deep left center . Jeter stole third . Giambi hit sacrifice fly to center , Jeter scored . Williams walked . Posada singled to center , Williams to second . Matsui doubled to right , Williams scored , Posada to third . Boone grounded out to third . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Cruz walked . Matos fouled out to first . Gibbons singled to right , Cruz to second . Batista homered to left , Cruz and Gibbons scored . Fordyce flied out to center . Leon doubled to center . Bigbie singled to right , Leon scored , Bigbie to second advancing on throw . Morban grounded out to second . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 5th . Johnson singled to right . Dellucci doubled to deep left center , Johnson scored . Soriano grounded out to shortstop , Dellucci to third . Jeter grounded out to pitcher . Giambi hit by pitch . Williams walked , Giambi to second . Posada grounded out to second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Roberts homered to left center . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . Matos reached on bunt single to third . Gibbons grounded out to second , Matos to second . Batista intentionally walked . Fordyce grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Batista out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 6th . Matsui walked . Dubose pitching for Orioles . Boone walked , Matsui to second . Johnson grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Boone out at second , Matsui to third . Dellucci struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Pettitte pitching for Yankees . Leon fouled out to first . Bigbie hit ground rule double to deep center . Morban grounded out to third . Roberts reached on bunt single to pitcher , Bigbie to third . Cruz walked , Roberts to second . Matos struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 7th . DuBose pitching for Orioles . Soriano doubled to deep left center . Jeter hit by pitch . Carrasco pitching for Orioles . Giambi walked , Soriano to third , Jeter to second . Williams singled to center , Soriano and Jeter scored , Giambi to second . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Posada safe at first on error by first baseman Leon , Giambi to third , Williams to second . Matsui hit sacrifice fly to left , Giambi scored . Boone grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Posada out at second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Nelson pitching for Yankees . Gibbons singled to center . Batista struck out swinging . Surhoff hit for Leon . Orosco pitching for Yankees . Fordyce flied out to right . Surhoff walked , Gibbons to second . Surhoff at first base . Bigbie flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 8th . Ryan pitching for Orioles . Johnson flied out to center . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Dellucci walked . Dellucci stole second . Soriano flied out to center , Dellucci to third . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Jeter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Hammond pitching for Yankees . Morban flied out to right . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Roberts struck out swinging . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Cruz grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Yankees - Top 9th . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Giambi fouled out to catcher . Williams doubled to deep left center . Posada homered to right center , Williams scored . Matsui flied out to left . Boone struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 9th . Rivera pitching for Yankees . Matos struck out swinging . Gibbons grounded out to pitcher . Cust hit for Fordyce . Batista singled to left . Cust popped out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Yankees 8 - Orioles 5 .	New York 8 , Baltimore 5