Orioles - Bottom 1st . Guillen grounded out to shortstop . Chavez grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Guillen out at second . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Roberts lined out to shortstop . Matos singled to left . Bigbie singled to right , Matos to second . Gibbons doubled to left , Bigbie scored . Batista flied out to center , Gibbons to third . Surhoff singled to right , Gibbons scored . Mora hit by pitch , Surhoff to second . Cruz safe at first on error by shortstop Tejada , Surhoff to third , Mora to second . Fordyce flied out to center . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 3 Errors . Athletics - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Tejada reached on infield single to pitcher , Tejada to second on throwing error by pitcher Lopez . Hatteberg grounded out to pitcher . Hernandez flied out to deep center , Tejada to third . Long flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Roberts singled to left . Matos grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Roberts out at second . Bigbie grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Matos out at second . Bigbie stole second . Gibbons grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Dye grounded out to shortstop . Singleton grounded out to pitcher . Ellis walked . Guillen reached on infield single to second , Ellis to second . Chavez flied out to deep right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Hudson pitching for Athletics . Batista singled to right center . Surhoff singled to center , Batista to second . Batista to third , Surhoff to second on wild pitch by Hudson . Mora struck out swinging . Cruz grounded out to shortstop , Batista scored , Surhoff to third , Surhoff scored on throwing error by first baseman Hatteberg . Fordyce singled to right center . Roberts popped out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Tejada singled to right . Hatteberg struck out swinging . Sparks pitching for Athletics . Hernandez grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tejada out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Sparks pitching for Athletics . Matos lined out to pitcher . Bigbie safe at first on error by second baseman Ellis . Gibbons lined out to shortstop . Batista grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Athletics - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Long grounded out to second . Dye popped out to shallow center . Singleton singled to right . Ellis lined out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Sparks pitching for Athletics . Surhoff grounded out to shortstop . Mora flied out to center . Cruz grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Guillen flied out to center . Chavez struck out looking . Tejada walked . Hatteberg grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Sparks pitching for Athletics . Fordyce singled to left center . Roberts grounded out to second , Fordyce to second . Matos reached on infield single to third . Bigbie homered to center , Fordyce and Matos scored . Gibbons flied out to deep left . Batista grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 7th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Hernandez reached on infield single to third . Long flied out to deep center . Dye flied out to right . Wood pitching for Athletics . Singleton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Wood pitching for Athletics . Surhoff walked . Mora singled to left , Surhoff to second . Cruz singled to left center , Surhoff to third , Mora to second . Fordyce grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Surhoff scored , Cruz out at second , Mora to third . Roberts lined out to first . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 8th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ellis grounded out to third . Menechino hit for Chavez . Guillen grounded out to third . Menechino walked . Crosby hit for Tejada . Menechino at third base . Crosby at shortstop . McMillon at first base . Melhuse catching . Neu pitching for Athletics . Crosby struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Neu pitching for Athletics . Matos popped out to third . Bigbie grounded out to second . Morban at second base . Raines Jr in center field . Gibbons grounded out to catcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Athletics - Top 9th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . McMillon lined out to center . Melhuse struck out looking . Long reached on infield single to shortstop . Dye grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Long out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Athletics 0 - Orioles 9 .	A 's streak ends at 10