Red Sox - Top 1st . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Damon struck out swinging . Walker singled to right center . Garciaparra flied out to right . Ramirez singled to center , Walker to second . Ortiz doubled to right , Walker scored , Ramirez to third . Millar flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 1st . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Roberts flied out to left . Hairston Jr singled to center . Matos singled to left , Hairston Jr to second . Gibbons doubled to deep left center , Hairston Jr and Matos scored . Batista singled to left , Gibbons to third . Bigbie grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Gibbons scored , Batista out at second . Mora reached on bunt single to third , Bigbie to second . Cruz popped out to third . 3 Runs , 5 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 2nd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Nixon popped out to shortstop . Mueller singled to right . Varitek walked , Mueller to second . Damon homered to right center , Mueller and Varitek scored . Walker lined out to left . Garciaparra grounded out to second . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 2nd . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Fordyce grounded out to third . Roberts lined out to second . Hairston Jr grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 3rd . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ramirez grounded out to third . Ortiz singled to center . Millar hit by pitch , Ortiz to second . Nixon struck out swinging . Mueller grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 3rd . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Matos flied out to right . Gibbons grounded out to first . Batista flied out to center . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 4th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Varitek flied out to left . Damon flied out to right . Walker singled to left . Garciaparra struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Orioles - Bottom 4th . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie doubled to center . Mora sacrificed to third , Bigbie to third . Cruz singled to center , Bigbie scored . Fordyce grounded out to shortstop , Cruz to second . Roberts flied out to left . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 5th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Ramirez homered to left . Ortiz singled to center . Millar flied out to center . Nixon grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Ortiz out at second . Nixon caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Mueller batting . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 5th . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Hairston Jr popped out to shortstop . Matos hit by pitch . Gibbons grounded out to first . Batista grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 6th . Lopez pitching for Orioles . Mueller singled to right . Varitek doubled to left , Mueller to third . Damon bunt grounded out to first , Mueller scored , Varitek to third . Walker singled to center , Varitek scored . Garciaparra grounded out to catcher , Walker to second . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Ramirez singled to right , Walker scored . Ortiz popped out to third . 3 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 6th . Burkett pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie singled to center . Mora fouled out to first . Cruz hit ground rule double to deep center , Bigbie to third . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Fordyce singled to right , Bigbie scored , Cruz to third . Roberts grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Cruz out at third , Fordyce to second . Hairston Jr flied out to left . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Red Sox - Top 7th . Parrish pitching for Orioles . Millar fouled out to second . Nixon walked . Mueller singled to left , Nixon to second . Varitek grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Mueller out at second , Nixon to third . Damon struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 7th . Timlin pitching for Red Sox . Matos hit ground rule double to deep left center . Gibbons grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Gibbons out at first , Matos to third . Gibbons batting . Embree pitching for Red Sox . Batista singled to center , Matos scored . Williamson pitching for Red Sox . Bigbie singled to right , Batista to second . Mora walked , Batista to third , Bigbie to second . Mirabelli catching . Boston 's Lowe ejected by Cuzzi in the 7th . Fordyce struck out swinging . Roberts flied out to left . 4 Runs , 4 Hits , 1 Error . Red Sox - Top 8th . Ligtenberg pitching for Orioles . Walker grounded out to shortstop . Garciaparra homered to left center . Ramirez popped out to second . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Ortiz struck out swinging . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Orioles - Bottom 8th . Kim pitching for Red Sox . Hairston Jr reached on infield single to shortstop . Matos sacrificed to pitcher , Hairston Jr to second , Hairston Jr to third , Matos safe at first on throwing error by pitcher Kim . Gibbons popped out to pitcher . Batista grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Hairston Jr scored , Matos to second . Bigbie struck out swinging . Mora singled to left , Matos scored , Batista to second . Cruz safe at second on error by center fielder Damon , Batista and Mora scored . Julio pitching for Orioles . Fordyce flied out to right . 4 Runs , 2 Hits , 2 Errors . Red Sox - Top 9th . Julio pitching for Orioles . Millar struck out looking . Nixon struck out swinging . Mueller homered to right . Mirabelli flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Red Sox 10 - Orioles 13 .	Damon jacks 100th in woolly Red Sox loss