Twins - Top 1st . Perez pitching for Royals . Casilla flied out to left . Punto flied out to left . Mauer singled to right . Cuddyer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to right . Grudzielanek grounded into double play , third to second to first , DeJesus out at second . Teahen grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Perez pitching for Royals . Morneau singled to center . Hunter struck out swinging . Redmond doubled to deep right , Morneau scored . Tyner grounded out to third , Redmond to third . Bartlett singled to right , Redmond scored . Casilla bunt grounded out to first . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Sweeney homered to left center . Gload lined out to center . Sanders struck out swinging . Gordon walked . Buck grounded out to shortstop . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Perez pitching for Royals . Punto doubled to deep left center . Mauer doubled to right center , Punto scored . Cuddyer grounded out to shortstop . Morneau flied out to right , Mauer to third . Hunter struck out swinging . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Pena reached on infield single to shortstop . DeJesus grounded out to second , Pena to second . Grudzielanek flied out to right . Teahen singled to right , Pena scored . Sweeney grounded out to third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Perez pitching for Royals . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . Tyner grounded out to pitcher . Bartlett grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Gload struck out swinging . Sanders reached on infield single to third . Gordon flied out to left . Buck reached on infield single to second , Sanders to second . Pena grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Perez pitching for Royals . Casilla grounded out to third . Punto walked . Punto stole second . Mauer singled to left , Punto scored , Mauer to second advancing on throw . Cuddyer flied out to center , Mauer to third . Morneau flied out to right . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Twins . DeJesus reached on infield single to second . Grudzielanek homered to left , DeJesus scored . Teahen singled to center . Sweeney singled to right center , Teahen to third . Perkins pitching for Twins . Gload grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Teahen scored , Sweeney out at second . Sanders flied out to right . Gordon doubled to deep center , Gload scored . Gordon to third on wild pitch by Perkins . Gordon scored on Perkins ' wild pitch . Buck walked . Pena singled to left , Buck to second . Braun pitching for Royals . DeJesus lined out to left . 5 Runs , 6 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Braun pitching for Royals . Hunter doubled to deep center . Redmond grounded into fielder 's choice to pitcher , Hunter out at third . Tyner walked , Redmond to second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Bartlett walked , Redmond to third , Tyner to second . Casilla popped out to third . Punto singled to right , Redmond and Tyner scored , Bartlett to third , Punto to second advancing on throw . Mauer struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Grudzielanek grounded out to third . Teahen singled to right . Teahen stole second . Sweeney grounded out to shortstop . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Gload lined out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Cuddyer walked . Morneau singled to left , Cuddyer to second . Hunter grounded into double play , second to first , Morneau out at second , Cuddyer to third . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Redmond grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Sanders homered to left center . Gordon grounded out to first . Buck walked . Brown in left field . Riske pitching for Royals . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Buck out at second . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Riske pitching for Royals . Tyner safe at first on error by pitcher Riske . Bartlett grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Tyner out at second . Casilla singled to right . Casilla stole second . Punto grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . DeJesus to second on wild pitch by Guerrier . Reyes pitching for Twins . Grudzielanek hit by pitch . Rincon pitching for Twins . Teahen hit by pitch , DeJesus to third , Grudzielanek to second . Sweeney walked , DeJesus scored , Grudzielanek to third , Teahen to second . Gload grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Grudzielanek out at home , Teahen to third , Sweeney to second . Teahen scored , Sweeney to third , Gload to second on wild pitch by Rincon . Brown hit sacrifice fly to right , Sweeney scored . Gordon walked . Buck struck out swinging . 3 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Riske pitching for Royals . Mauer struck out looking . Cuddyer homered to left . Morneau popped out to shortstop . Hunter lined out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Royals 11 .	Royals rip into Twins with 15   hits , three homers