Twins - Top 1st . Greinke pitching for Royals . Casilla grounded out to shortstop . Punto singled to left . Mauer fouled out to third . Cuddyer flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 1st . Bonser pitching for Twins . DeJesus singled to left . Grudzielanek reached on bunt single to third , DeJesus to second . Teahen struck out looking . Sweeney reached on infield single to shortstop , DeJesus to third , Grudzielanek to second . Gload struck out swinging . Brown safe at second on error by second baseman Rodriguez , DeJesus and Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to third . Gordon struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Twins - Top 2nd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Morneau doubled to deep right center . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . Kubel struck out swinging . Redmond singled to right , Morneau scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 2nd . Bonser pitching for Twins . LaRue struck out swinging . Pena struck out looking . DeJesus flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Greinke pitching for Royals . Casilla struck out looking . Punto walked . Mauer lined into double play , right to first , Punto doubled off first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Grudzielanek grounded out to shortstop . Teahen homered to left center . Sweeney flied out to center . Gload grounded out to third . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Cuddyer singled to center . Morneau doubled to center , Cuddyer to third . Hunter doubled to deep left , Cuddyer scored , Morneau to third . Kubel grounded into double play , first to catcher , Morneau out at home , Hunter to third . Redmond singled to right , Hunter scored . Rodriguez flied out to center . 2 Runs , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 4th . Bonser pitching for Twins . Brown popped out to second . Gordon homered to center . LaRue struck out swinging . Pena flied out to center . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Greinke pitching for Royals . Casilla singled to right . Punto grounded out to second , Casilla to second . Mauer doubled to deep left center , Casilla scored . Cuddyer popped out to first , Mauer tagged out at third . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 5th . Bonser pitching for Twins . DeJesus struck out looking . Grudzielanek doubled to deep right . Teahen flied out to center , Grudzielanek to third . Sweeney intentionally walked . Gload singled to left , Grudzielanek scored , Sweeney to second . Musser pitching for Royals . Brown grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Gload out at second . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Musser pitching for Royals . Morneau flied out to left . Hunter singled to center , Hunter to second on error by center fielder DeJesus . Kubel singled to left , Hunter to third . Peralta pitching for Royals . Redmond singled to right , Hunter scored , Kubel to second . Neshek pitching for Twins . Rodriguez grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Redmond out at second . 1 Run , 3 Hits , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 6th . Neshek pitching for Twins . Gordon struck out swinging . LaRue struck out looking . Pena struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Peralta pitching for Royals . Casilla reached on infield single to third . Casilla stole second . Gobble pitching for Royals . Punto tripled to deep right , Casilla scored . Mauer hit sacrifice fly to left , Punto scored . Cuddyer flied out to center . Reyes pitching for Twins . Morneau lined out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 7th . Reyes pitching for Twins . DeJesus grounded out to shortstop . Grudzielanek grounded out to second . Crain pitching for Twins . Teahen walked . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Sweeney grounded into fielder 's choice to third , Teahen out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Hunter hit by pitch . Kubel lined out to center . Hunter caught stealing second , catcher to second . Redmond safe at first on error by shortstop Pena . Rodriguez singled to center , Redmond to second . Bartlett ran for Rodriguez . Redmond to third , Bartlett to second on wild pitch by Wellemeyer . Casilla at second base . Bartlett at shortstop . Casilla fouled out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Royals - Bottom 8th . Crain pitching for Twins . Gload grounded out to shortstop . Brown grounded out to third . Gordon lined out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Wellemeyer pitching for Royals . Punto grounded out to second . Mauer doubled to deep left . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau intentionally walked . Nathan pitching for Twins . German hit for LaRue . Hunter struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Royals - Bottom 9th . Nathan pitching for Twins . German struck out looking . Pena struck out looking . DeJesus struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 7 - Royals 5 .	Redmond gets offensive lift as Twins pound Royals