Twins - Top 1st . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Punto doubled to center , Castillo to third . Mauer grounded out to second , Castillo scored , Punto to third . Cuddyer hit sacrifice fly to center , Punto scored . Morneau struck out looking . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 1st . Ponson pitching for Twins . Baldelli struck out looking . Dukes hit by pitch . Dukes caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Crawford walked . Wigginton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Jackson pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter walked . Hunter stole second . Kubel walked . Tyner reached on bunt single to pitcher , Hunter to third , Kubel to third , Hunter and Kubel scored , Tyner to third on throwing error by pitcher Jackson . Bartlett grounded out to shortstop , Tyner scored . Castillo reached on infield single to shortstop . Punto grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Castillo safe at second on error by second baseman Upton . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Mauer singled to left , Castillo to third , Punto to second . Cuddyer grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Castillo scored , Mauer out at second , Punto to third . Morneau grounded out to first . 4 Runs , 3 Hits , 2 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 2nd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Young homered to center . Upton singled to right . Pena grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Upton out at second . Navarro flied out to right . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Lugo pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter flied out to center . Kubel grounded out to second . Tyner walked . Bartlett walked , Tyner to second . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 3rd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Harris grounded out to second . Baldelli reached on infield single to third . Dukes walked , Baldelli to second . Crawford flied out to left , Baldelli to third . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Punto reached on infield single to second . Mauer singled to left , Punto to second . Cuddyer struck out swinging . Morneau grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Mauer out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 4th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Young fouled out to first . Upton singled to center . Pena grounded out to second , Upton to second . Navarro grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter flied out to left . Kubel hit by pitch . Tyner doubled to deep center , Kubel to third . Bartlett grounded out to second . Castillo grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 5th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Harris singled to right . Baldelli lined out to shortstop . Dukes flied out to center . Crawford struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Ryu pitching for Devil Rays . Punto grounded out to second . Mauer popped out to second . Cuddyer hit by pitch . Morneau singled to center , Cuddyer thrown out at third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 6th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Wigginton flied out to center . Young flied out to center . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Upton struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Salas pitching for Devil Rays . Hunter doubled to left . Kubel flied out to right , Hunter to third . Tyner singled to left , Hunter scored . Bartlett walked , Tyner to second . Castillo grounded out to second , Tyner to third , Bartlett to second . Rabe in right field . Punto popped out to shortstop . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 7th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Pena grounded out to second . Navarro struck out swinging . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Harris grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Camp pitching for Devil Rays . Mauer grounded out to second . Rabe singled to center . Morneau doubled to deep right center , Rabe scored . Hunter lined out to center . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Kubel struck out looking . 1 Run , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Baldelli struck out swinging . Dukes walked . Crawford grounded out to second , Dukes to second . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Wigginton popped out to second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Stokes pitching for Devil Rays . Tyner fouled out to third . Bartlett singled to right . Castillo reached on infield single to third , Bartlett to second . Punto struck out looking . Mauer reached on infield single to third , Bartlett to third , Castillo to second . Glover pitching for Devil Rays . Rodriguez ran for Castillo . Rabe reached on infield single to shortstop , Bartlett scored , Castillo to third , Mauer to second . Rodriguez at second base . Rincon pitching for Twins . Morneau struck out swinging . 1 Run , 4 Hits , 0 Errors . Devil Rays - Bottom 9th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Young walked . Upton walked , Young to second . Pena struck out looking . Navarro grounded out to third , Young to third , Upton to second . Harris struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 9 - Devil Rays 1 .	Ponson grabs 2nd victory over Rays ; Cuddyer exits