Tigers - Top 1st . Ponson pitching for Twins . Granderson walked . Granderson stole second . Polanco singled to right , Granderson to third . Sheffield singled to right center , Granderson scored , Polanco to third . Ordonez singled to right , Polanco scored , Sheffield to second . Guillen grounded into double play , shortstop to second to first , Ordonez out at second , Sheffield to third . Casey flied out to left . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 1st . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Castillo walked . Ford grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . Hunter grounded out to shortstop . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 2nd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Monroe grounded out to shortstop . Inge flied out to left . Rabelo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 2nd . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer grounded out to pitcher . Morneau walked . Redmond singled to right , Morneau to second . Kubel walked , Morneau to third , Redmond to second . Punto grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Kubel out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 3rd . Ponson pitching for Twins . Granderson grounded out to second . Polanco lined out to shortstop . Sheffield safe at second on throwing error by shortstop Bartlett . Ordonez singled to center , Sheffield scored . Guillen flied out to left . 1 Run , 1 Hit , 1 Error . Twins - Bottom 3rd . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Bartlett lined out to shortstop . Castillo grounded out to pitcher . Ford reached on infield single to shortstop . Hunter grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Ford out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 4th . Ponson pitching for Twins . Casey struck out looking . Monroe singled to left . Inge walked , Monroe to second . Rabelo doubled to deep center , Monroe scored , Inge to third . Granderson grounded into fielder 's choice to second , Inge scored , Rabelo to third . Polanco grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Rabelo scored , Granderson out at second . Sheffield grounded out to third . 3 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 4th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer popped out to shortstop . Morneau grounded out to second . Perkins pitching for Twins . Redmond flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 5th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Ordonez grounded out to shortstop . Guillen doubled to deep left . Casey lined out to shortstop . Monroe homered to left , Guillen scored . Inge hit by pitch . Rabelo flied out to center . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 5th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Kubel flied out to center . Punto struck out swinging . Bartlett singled to left . Castillo singled to center , Bartlett to second . Ford flied out to left . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 6th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to third . Sheffield flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 6th . Durbin pitching for Tigers . Hunter singled to left . Cuddyer popped out to first . Morneau grounded out to first , Hunter to second . Redmond doubled to deep left , Hunter scored . Kubel doubled to right center , Redmond scored . Punto grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 7th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Ordonez walked . Guillen flied out to right . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Casey grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Ordonez out at second . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 7th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Bartlett flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to second . Ford reached on infield single to pitcher . Hunter grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 8th . Perkins pitching for Twins . Monroe reached on infield single to shortstop . Rodriguez at first base . Inge lined out to third . Rabelo grounded into double play , pitcher to shortstop to first , Monroe out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 8th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Cuddyer flied out to left . Rodriguez singled to center . Redmond singled to center , Rodriguez to third . Crain pitching for Twins . Kubel grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Redmond out at second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Tigers - Top 9th . Crain pitching for Twins . Granderson struck out swinging . Polanco grounded out to first . Sheffield singled to right . Ordonez walked , Sheffield to second . Heintz hit for Punto . Guillen flied out to left . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Bottom 9th . Lopez pitching for Tigers . Heintz struck out swinging . Bartlett flied out to right . Castillo grounded out to first . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Tigers 8 - Twins 2 .	Bouncing ball belts Morneau 's nose in Twins loss\r\n