Twins - Top 1st . Byrd pitching for Indians . Castillo grounded out to shortstop . Tyner grounded out to shortstop . Mauer flied out to left . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 1st . Bonser pitching for Twins . Sizemore singled to right . Sizemore caught stealing second , catcher to shortstop . Lofton struck out looking . Martinez flied out to right . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 2nd . Byrd pitching for Indians . Morneau singled to right . Hunter grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Morneau out at second . Kubel flied out to center . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 2nd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Hafner flied out to right . Peralta struck out swinging . Blake reached on infield single to second . Nixon singled to right , Blake to third . Shoppach struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 3rd . Byrd pitching for Indians . White grounded out to shortstop . Buscher singled to right . Punto bunt grounded out to first , Buscher to second . Castillo struck out looking . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 3rd . Bonser pitching for Twins . Barfield safe at first on throwing error by third baseman Buscher . Sizemore walked , Barfield to second . Lofton reached on bunt single to pitcher , Barfield to third , Sizemore to second . Martinez grounded into fielder 's choice to first , Barfield scored , Lofton out at second , Sizemore to third , Sizemore scored on throwing error by shortstop Punto . Hafner singled to center , Martinez to third . Peralta homered to left , Martinez and Hafner scored . Blake singled to right . Nixon singled to center , Blake to second . Shoppach grounded into fielder 's choice to shortstop , Nixon out at second , Blake to third . Barfield reached on infield single to shortstop , Blake scored , Shoppach to second . Shoppach to third , Barfield to second on wild pitch by Bonser . Sizemore walked . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Lofton flied out to left . 6 Runs , 6 Hits , 2 Errors . Twins - Top 4th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Tyner singled to center . Mauer lined out to shortstop . Morneau grounded into double play , first to shortstop to first , Tyner out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 4th . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Martinez walked . Hafner singled to left , Martinez to second . Peralta grounded into double play , third to first , Martinez out at third , Hafner to second . Hafner to third on wild pitch by Ortiz . Blake grounded out to third . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 5th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Hunter flied out to center . Kubel grounded out to second . White reached on infield single to third . Buscher singled to right , White to third . Punto grounded out to second . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 5th . Ortiz pitching for Twins . Nixon doubled to deep center . Shoppach struck out swinging . Barfield doubled to center , Nixon scored . Sizemore struck out swinging . Lofton singled to left , Barfield scored . Martinez grounded out to second . 2 Runs , 3 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 6th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Castillo reached on infield single to second . Tyner lined out to shortstop . Mauer grounded into double play , second to shortstop to first , Castillo out at second . 0 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 6th . Rodriguez at second base . Rincon pitching for Twins . Hafner walked . Peralta homered to center , Hafner scored . Blake flied out to right . Nixon struck out swinging . Shoppach struck out swinging . 2 Runs , 1 Hit , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 7th . Byrd pitching for Indians . Morneau singled to center . Hunter flied out to right . Kubel homered to right center , Morneau scored . Cirillo hit for White . Cirillo walked . Buscher flied out to right . Punto flied out to left . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 7th . Rincon pitching for Twins . Barfield popped out to second . Gutierrez hit for Sizemore . Gutierrez singled to left . Lofton singled to shallow left , Gutierrez to second . Martinez flied out to left . Hafner struck out swinging . 0 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 8th . Gutierrez in center field . Rouse at third base . Byrd pitching for Indians . Rodriguez singled to left . Tyner doubled to deep right , Rodriguez to third . Mauer walked . Perez pitching for Indians . Morneau hit sacrifice fly to right , Rodriguez scored , Tyner to third . Hunter struck out swinging . Tyner scored , Mauer to second on passed ball by Shoppach . Kubel popped out to second . 2 Runs , 2 Hits , 0 Errors . Indians - Bottom 8th . Guerrier pitching for Twins . Peralta flied out to center . Rouse struck out swinging . Nixon walked . Shoppach flied out to right . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Twins - Top 9th . Lewis pitching for Indians . Cirillo struck out looking . Buscher flied out to left . Punto struck out looking . 0 Runs , 0 Hits , 0 Errors . Final score : Twins 4 - Indians 10 .	Peralta homers twice in Tribe 's thumping of Twins